# spell glossary: word<TAB>part_of_speech<TAB>short definition
# Coverage: bundled en_US.dic (80 words). Target ≥80% for tests.
# Context clues help users tell similar-looking words apart (e.g. there/their).
# Rebuild: python scripts/build_glossary.py  (WordNet → Wiktionary → LLM)
# Lines starting with # are comments.

hello	interj.	used as a greeting
world	n.	the earth and all people and things on it
test	n.	a trial or experiment
test	v.	to try or examine
correct	adj.	right; without mistakes
correct	v.	to make or set right
correctly	adv.	in a correct way
dictionary	n.	a book or source of words and definitions
spelling	n.	the way a word is spelled
check	v.	to verify or examine
check	n.	a verification or control
word	n.	a unit of language with meaning
the	art.	used to refer to a specific thing
and	conj.	used to connect words or clauses
for	prep.	used to indicate purpose or recipient
with	prep.	in the company of; using
from	prep.	indicating origin or source
that	det.	used to identify something
that	conj.	introducing a clause
this	det.	used to identify something nearby
have	v.	to possess or hold
been	v.	past participle of be
were	v.	past tense of be (plural)
their	det.	belonging to them
there	adv.	in or at that place
there	pron.	used to introduce a clause
they	pron.	third person plural
would	v.	past of will; used for conditionals
could	v.	past of can; used for possibility
should	v.	used to indicate obligation or expectation
about	prep.	on the subject of; approximately
which	pron.	used to ask or specify one of a set
when	adv.	at what time
when	conj.	at the time that
where	adv.	at or in what place
what	pron.	asking for information
who	pron.	which person
how	adv.	in what way or manner
some	det.	an unspecified amount or number
more	det.	greater in amount or degree
other	adj.	additional; different
over	prep.	above; across; finished
after	prep.	following in time
before	prep.	earlier than
first	adj.	coming before all others
first	adv.	before anything else
second	adj.	next after first
second	n.	a unit of time
best	adj.	of the highest quality
most	det.	greatest in amount or degree
great	adj.	large; excellent
small	adj.	of limited size
good	adj.	of high quality; virtuous
bad	adj.	of poor quality; wrong
new	adj.	recently made or created
old	adj.	having lived or existed a long time
long	adj.	of great length
short	adj.	of small length; brief
right	adj.	correct; opposite of left
right	n.	something one is entitled to
wrong	adj.	incorrect; unjust
true	adj.	in accordance with fact
false	adj.	not true
same	adj.	identical; not different
different	adj.	not the same
another	det.	one more; a different one
each	det.	every one of two or more
every	det.	all of a group
all	det.	the whole quantity
both	det.	the two; one and the other
few	det.	a small number
many	det.	a large number
very	adv.	to a high degree
too	adv.	excessively; also
also	adv.	in addition
only	adv.	no more than; solely
just	adv.	exactly; only; very recently
even	adv.	used for emphasis
still	adv.	up to this time; nevertheless
always	adv.	at all times
never	adv.	at no time
often	adv.	frequently
really	adv.	in reality; very
actually	adv.	in fact
clearly	adv.	in a clear manner
obviously	adv.	in an obvious way
probably	adv.	almost certainly
certainly	adv.	without doubt
definitely	adv.	without question
completely	adv.	fully; totally
entirely	adv.	completely
totally	adv.	completely
fully	adv.	completely
mainly	adv.	for the most part
generally	adv.	usually; in general
especially	adv.	particularly
particularly	adv.	especially
specifically	adv.	in a specific way
therefore	adv.	for that reason
however	adv.	nevertheless; in whatever way
nevertheless	adv.	in spite of that
meanwhile	adv.	in the intervening time
furthermore	adv.	in addition
moreover	adv.	in addition
instead	adv.	as an alternative
rather	adv.	to some degree; preferably
quite	adv.	to a certain extent; completely
fairly	adv.	to a moderate degree
somewhat	adv.	to some extent
slightly	adv.	to a small degree
nearly	adv.	almost
almost	adv.	very nearly
exactly	adv.	in an exact way
precisely	adv.	exactly
properly	adv.	in a proper way
adequately	adv.	to a sufficient degree
sufficiently	adv.	enough
efficiently	adv.	in an efficient way
effectively	adv.	in an effective way
successfully	adv.	in a successful way
carefully	adv.	in a careful way
attentively	adv.	with attention
deliberately	adv.	on purpose
intentionally	adv.	on purpose
accidentally	adv.	by accident
definition	n.	a statement of the meaning of a word or phrase
suggestion	n.	an idea or plan offered for consideration
spell	v.	to name or write the letters of a word
spell	n.	a period of activity or condition
1st	adj.	indicating the beginning unit in a series
2nd	adj.	coming next after the first in position in space or time or degree or magnitude
3rd	adj.	coming next after the second and just before the fourth in position
4th	adj.	coming next after the third and just before the fifth in position or time or degree or magnitude
5th	adj.	coming next after the fourth and just before the sixth in position
6th	adj.	coming next after the fifth and just before the seventh in position
7th	adj.	coming next after the sixth and just before the eighth in position
8th	adj.	coming next after the seventh and just before the ninth in position
9th	adj.	coming next after the eighth and just before the tenth in position
a	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation
a	n.	any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes
a	n.	one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
a	n.	(biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA
a	n.	the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
a	n.	the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet
a	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen
aa	n.	a dry form of lava resembling clinkers
aa	n.	an international organization that provides a support group for persons trying to overcome alcoholism
aa	n.	an associate degree in arts
aaa	n.	an aneurysm of the abdominal aorta associated with old age and hypertension
aachen	n.	a city in western Germany near the Dutch and Belgian borders; formerly it was Charlemagne's northern capital
aah	v.	express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah'
aardvark	n.	nocturnal burrowing mammal of the grasslands of Africa that feeds on termites; sole extant representative of the order Tubulidentata
aaron	n.	United States professional baseball player who hit more home runs than Babe Ruth (born in 1934)
aaron	n.	(Old Testament) elder brother of Moses and first high priest of the Israelites; created the golden calf
ab	n.	a bachelor's degree in arts and sciences
ab	n.	the eleventh month of the civil year; the fifth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in July and August)
ab	n.	the muscles of the abdomen
ab	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry both the A and B antigens
aba	n.	a loose sleeveless outer garment made from aba cloth; worn by Arabs
aba	n.	a fabric woven from goat hair and camel hair
aback	adv.	having the wind against the forward side of the sails
aback	adv.	by surprise
abacus	n.	a tablet placed horizontally on top of the capital of a column as an aid in supporting the architrave
abacus	n.	a calculator that performs arithmetic functions by manually sliding counters on rods or in grooves
abaft	adv.	at or near or toward the stern of a ship or tail of an airplane
abalone	n.	any of various large edible marine gastropods of the genus Haliotis having an ear-shaped shell with pearly interior
abandon	n.	the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition or worry
abandon	n.	a feeling of extreme emotional intensity
abandon	v.	forsake, leave behind
abandon	v.	give up with the intent of never claiming again
abandon	v.	leave behind empty; move out of
abandon	v.	stop maintaining or insisting on; of ideas or claims
abandon	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
abandonment	n.	the act of giving something up
abandonment	n.	withdrawing support or help despite allegiance or responsibility
abandonment	n.	the voluntary surrender of property (or a right to property) without attempting to reclaim it or give it away
abase	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
abasement	n.	a low or downcast state; - H.L.Menchken
abasement	n.	depriving one of self-esteem
abash	v.	cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious
abashed	v.	cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious
abashed	adj.	feeling or caused to feel uneasy and self-conscious
abashment	n.	feeling embarrassed due to modesty
abate	v.	make less active or intense
abate	v.	become less in amount or intensity
abated	v.	make less active or intense
abated	v.	become less in amount or intensity
abatement	n.	an interruption in the intensity or amount of something
abatement	n.	the act of abating
abattoir	n.	a building where animals are butchered
abbe	n.	a French abbot
abbess	n.	the superior of a group of nuns
abbey	n.	a church associated with a monastery or convent
abbey	n.	a convent ruled by an abbess
abbey	n.	a monastery ruled by an abbot
abbot	n.	the superior of an abbey of monks
abbreviate	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
abbreviate	v.	shorten
abbreviation	n.	a shortened form of a word or phrase
abbreviation	n.	shortening something by omitting parts of it
abc	n.	the elementary stages of any subject (usually plural)
abdicate	v.	give up, such as power, as of monarchs and emperors, or duties and obligations
abdication	n.	a formal resignation and renunciation of powers
abdication	n.	the act of abdicating
abdomen	n.	the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis
abdomen	n.	the cavity containing the major viscera; in mammals it is separated from the thorax by the diaphragm
abdominal	n.	the muscles of the abdomen
abdominal	adj.	of or relating to or near the abdomen
abduct	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
abduct	v.	pull away from the body
abduction	n.	the criminal act of capturing and carrying away by force a family member; if a man's wife is abducted it is a crime against the family relationship and against the wife
abduction	n.	(physiology) moving of a body part away from the central axis of the body
abductor	n.	someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom)
abductor	n.	a muscle that draws a body part away from the median line
abeam	adv.	at right angles to the length of a ship or airplane
abel	n.	Norwegian mathematician (1802-1829)
abel	n.	(Old Testament) Cain and Abel were the first children of Adam and Eve born after the Fall of Man; Abel was killed by Cain
abelard	n.	French philosopher and theologian; lover of Heloise (1079-1142)
aberdeen	n.	a town in western Washington
aberdeen	n.	a town in northeastern South Dakota
aberdeen	n.	a town in northeastern Maryland
aberdeen	n.	a city in northeastern Scotland on the North Sea
aberrant	n.	one whose behavior departs substantially from the norm of a group
aberrant	adj.	markedly different from an accepted norm
aberration	n.	a state or condition markedly different from the norm
aberration	n.	a disorder in one's mental state
aberration	n.	an optical phenomenon resulting from the failure of a lens or mirror to produce a good image
abet	v.	assist or encourage, usually in some wrongdoing
abetted	v.	assist or encourage, usually in some wrongdoing
abetting	v.	assist or encourage, usually in some wrongdoing
abettor	n.	one who helps or encourages or incites another
abeyance	n.	temporary cessation or suspension
abhor	v.	find repugnant
abhorred	v.	find repugnant
abhorrence	n.	hate coupled with disgust
abhorrent	adj.	offensive to the mind
abhorring	v.	find repugnant
abidance	n.	acting according to certain accepted standards
abidance	n.	the act of dwelling in a place
abidance	n.	the act of abiding (enduring without yielding)
abide	v.	dwell
abide	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
abiding	v.	dwell
abiding	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
abiding	adj.	unceasing
abidjan	n.	city recognized by the United States as the capital of the Ivory Coast; largest city of the Ivory Coast
abilene	n.	a city in central Texas
abilene	n.	a town in central Kansas to the west of Topeka; home of Dwight D. Eisenhower
ability	n.	the quality of being able to perform; a quality that permits or facilitates achievement or accomplishment
ability	n.	possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done
abject	adj.	of the most contemptible kind
abject	adj.	most unfortunate or miserable
abject	adj.	showing utter resignation or hopelessness
abject	adj.	showing humiliation or submissiveness
abjection	n.	a low or downcast state; - H.L.Menchken
abjuration	n.	a disavowal or taking back of a previous assertion
abjure	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
abjurer	n.	a person who abjures
ablate	v.	wear away through erosion or vaporization
ablate	v.	remove an organ or bodily structure
ablation	n.	surgical removal of a body part or tissue
ablation	n.	the erosive process that reduces the size of glaciers
ablative	n.	the case indicating the agent in passive sentences or the instrument or manner or place of the action described by the verb
ablative	adj.	relating to the ablative case
ablative	adj.	tending to ablate; i.e. to be removed or vaporized at very high temperature
ablaze	adj.	keenly excited (especially sexually) or indicating excitement; - Bram Stoker
ablaze	adj.	lighted up by or as by fire or flame
ablaze	adj.	resembling flame in brilliance or color
ablaze	adj.	lighted with red light as if with flames
able	adj.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something
able	adj.	have the skills and qualifications to do things well
able	adj.	having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity
able	adj.	having a strong healthy body
abler	adj.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something
abler	adj.	have the skills and qualifications to do things well
abler	adj.	having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity
abler	adj.	having a strong healthy body
abloom	adj.	bursting into flower
ablution	n.	the ritual washing of a priest's hands or of sacred vessels
abm	n.	a defensive missile designed to shoot down incoming intercontinental ballistic missiles
abnegate	v.	deny oneself (something); restrain, especially from indulging in some pleasure
abnegate	v.	surrender (power or a position)
abnegate	v.	deny or renounce
abnegation	n.	the denial and rejection of a doctrine or belief
abnegation	n.	renunciation of your own interests in favor of the interests of others
abnormal	adj.	not normal; not typical or usual or regular or conforming to a norm
abnormal	adj.	departing from the normal in e.g. intelligence and development
abnormal	adj.	much greater than the normal
abnormality	n.	an abnormal physical condition resulting from defective genes or developmental deficiencies
abnormality	n.	retardation sufficient to fall outside the normal range of intelligence
abnormality	n.	marked strangeness as a consequence of being abnormal
abnormality	n.	behavior that breaches the rule or etiquette or custom or morality
aboard	adv.	on a ship, train, plane or other vehicle
aboard	adv.	on first or second or third base
aboard	adv.	side by side
aboard	adv.	part of a group
abode	n.	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily
abode	n.	housing that someone is living in
abode	v.	dwell
abode	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
abolish	v.	do away with
abolition	n.	the act of abolishing a system or practice or institution (especially abolishing slavery)
abolitionism	n.	the doctrine that calls for the abolition of slavery
abolitionist	n.	a reformer who favors abolishing slavery
abominable	adj.	unequivocally detestable; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke
abominable	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
abominably	adv.	in an offensive and hateful manner
abominably	adv.	in a terrible manner
abominate	v.	find repugnant
abomination	n.	a person who is loathsome or disgusting
abomination	n.	hate coupled with disgust
abomination	n.	an action that is vicious or vile; an action that arouses disgust or abhorrence
aboriginal	n.	a dark-skinned member of a race of people living in Australia when Europeans arrived
aboriginal	n.	an indigenous person who was born in a particular place
aboriginal	adj.	of or pertaining to members of the indigenous people of Australia
aboriginal	adj.	characteristic of or relating to people inhabiting a region from the beginning
aboriginal	adj.	having existed from the beginning; in an earliest or original stage or state
aborigine	n.	an indigenous person who was born in a particular place
aborigine	n.	a dark-skinned member of a race of people living in Australia when Europeans arrived
abort	n.	the act of terminating a project or procedure before it is completed
abort	v.	terminate before completion
abort	v.	cease development, die, and be aborted
abort	v.	terminate a pregnancy by undergoing an abortion
abortion	n.	termination of pregnancy
abortion	n.	failure of a plan
abortionist	n.	a person (who should be a doctor) who terminates pregnancies
abortive	adj.	failing to accomplish an intended result
abound	v.	be abundant or plentiful; exist in large quantities
abound	v.	be in a state of movement or action
about	adj.	on the move
about	adv.	(of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
about	adv.	all around or on all sides
about	adv.	in the area or vicinity
about	adv.	used of movement to or among many different places or in no particular direction
about	adv.	in or to a reversed position or direction
about	adv.	in rotation or succession
about	adv.	(of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
above	n.	an earlier section of a written text
above	adj.	appearing earlier in the same text
above	adv.	at an earlier place
above	adv.	in or to a place that is higher
aboveboard	adj.	without concealment or deception; honest
aboveboard	adv.	in an honest manner
abracadabra	n.	gibberish and nonsense
abrade	v.	wear away
abrade	v.	rub hard or scrub
abraham	n.	the first of the Old Testament patriarchs and the father of Isaac; according to Genesis, God promised to give Abraham's family (the Hebrews) the land of Canaan (the Promised Land); God tested Abraham by asking him to sacrifice his son
abrasion	n.	an abraded area where the skin is torn or worn off
abrasion	n.	erosion by friction
abrasion	n.	the wearing down of rock particles by friction due to water or wind or ice
abrasive	n.	a substance that abrades or wears down
abrasive	adj.	causing abrasion
abrasive	adj.	sharply disagreeable; rigorous
abrasiveness	n.	the roughness of a substance that causes abrasions
abrasiveness	n.	the quality of being sharply disagreeable
abreast	adj.	being up to particular standard or level especially in being up to date in knowledge
abreast	adv.	alongside each other, facing in the same direction
abridge	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
abridge	v.	lessen, diminish, or curtail
abridgment	n.	a shortened version of a written work
abroad	adj.	in a foreign country
abroad	adv.	to or in a foreign country
abroad	adv.	far away from home or one's usual surroundings; - R.A.Hall
abroad	adv.	in a place across an ocean
abrogate	v.	revoke formally
abrogation	n.	the act of abrogating; an official or legal cancellation
abrogator	n.	an authority or official empowered to abolish or annul or repeal
abrupt	adj.	marked by sudden changes in subject and sharp transitions
abrupt	adj.	exceedingly sudden and unexpected
abrupt	adj.	extremely steep
abrupt	adj.	surprisingly and unceremoniously brusque in manner
abruptness	n.	an abrupt discourteous manner
abruptness	n.	the property possessed by a slope that is very steep
abruptness	n.	the quality of happening with headlong haste or without warning
abs	n.	any of a class of composite plastics used to make car bodies and cases for computers and other appliances
abs	n.	a bachelor's degree in arts and sciences
abs	n.	the eleventh month of the civil year; the fifth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in July and August)
abs	n.	the muscles of the abdomen
abs	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry both the A and B antigens
abscess	n.	symptom consisting of a localized collection of pus surrounded by inflamed tissue
abscissa	n.	the value of a coordinate on the horizontal axis
abscission	n.	shedding of flowers and leaves and fruit following formation of scar tissue in a plant
abscission	n.	the act of cutting something off
abscond	v.	run away; usually includes taking something or somebody along
absconder	n.	a fugitive who runs away and hides to avoid arrest or prosecution
abseil	n.	(mountaineering) a descent of a vertical cliff or wall made by using a doubled rope that is fixed to a higher point and wrapped around the body
abseil	v.	lower oneself with a rope coiled around the body from a mountainside
absence	n.	the state of being absent
absence	n.	failure to be present
absence	n.	the time interval during which something or somebody is away
absence	n.	the occurrence of an abrupt, transient loss or impairment of consciousness (which is not subsequently remembered), sometimes with light twitching, fluttering eyelids, etc.; common in petit mal epilepsy
absent	v.	go away or leave
absent	adj.	not being in a specified place
absent	adj.	nonexistent
absent	adj.	lost in thought; showing preoccupation
absentee	n.	one that is absent or not in residence
absenteeism	n.	habitual absence from work
absentminded	adj.	lost in thought; showing preoccupation
absentmindedness	n.	preoccupation so great that the ordinary demands on attention are ignored
absinthe	n.	aromatic herb of temperate Eurasia and North Africa having a bitter taste used in making the liqueur absinthe
absinthe	n.	strong green liqueur flavored with wormwood and anise
absolute	n.	something that is conceived or that exists independently and not in relation to other things; something that does not depend on anything else and is beyond human control; something that is not relative
absolute	adj.	perfect or complete or pure
absolute	adj.	complete and without restriction or qualification; sometimes used informally as intensifiers
absolute	adj.	not limited by law
absolute	adj.	expressing finality with no implication of possible change
absolute	adj.	not capable of being violated or infringed
absoluteness	n.	the quality of being complete or utter or extreme
absoluteness	n.	the quality of being absolute
absolution	n.	the condition of being formally forgiven by a priest in the sacrament of penance
absolution	n.	the act of absolving or remitting; formal redemption as pronounced by a priest in the sacrament of penance
absolutism	n.	dominance through threat of punishment and violence
absolutism	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
absolutism	n.	the principle of complete and unrestricted power in government
absolutism	n.	the doctrine of an absolute being
absolutist	n.	one who advocates absolutism
absolutist	adj.	pertaining to the principle of totalitarianism
absolve	v.	grant remission of a sin to
absolve	v.	let off the hook
absorb	v.	become imbued
absorb	v.	take up mentally
absorb	v.	take up, as of debts or payments
absorb	v.	take in, also metaphorically
absorb	v.	cause to become one with
absorb	v.	suck or take up or in
absorb	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
absorb	v.	assimilate or take in
absorb	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
absorbance	n.	(physics) a measure of the extent to which a substance transmits light or other electromagnetic radiation
absorbency	n.	the property of being absorbent
absorbent	n.	a material having capacity or tendency to absorb another substance
absorbent	adj.	having power or capacity or tendency to absorb or soak up something (liquids or energy etc.)
absorbing	v.	become imbued
absorbing	v.	take up mentally
absorbing	v.	take up, as of debts or payments
absorbing	v.	take in, also metaphorically
absorbing	v.	cause to become one with
absorbing	v.	suck or take up or in
absorbing	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
absorbing	v.	assimilate or take in
absorbing	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
absorbing	adj.	capable of arousing and holding the attention
absorption	n.	(chemistry) a process in which one substance permeates another; a fluid permeates or is dissolved by a liquid or solid
absorption	n.	(physics) the process in which incident radiated energy is retained without reflection or transmission on passing through a medium
absorption	n.	the social process of absorbing one cultural group into harmony with another
absorption	n.	the process of absorbing nutrients into the body after digestion
absorption	n.	complete attention; intense mental effort
absorption	n.	the mental state of being preoccupied by something
absorptive	adj.	having power or capacity or tendency to absorb or soak up something (liquids or energy etc.)
abstain	v.	refrain from voting
abstain	v.	choose not to consume
abstainer	n.	someone who practices self denial as a spiritual discipline
abstainer	n.	a person who refrains from drinking intoxicating beverages
abstemious	adj.	sparing in consumption of especially food and drink; - John Galsworthy
abstemious	adj.	marked by temperance in indulgence
abstemiousness	n.	restricted to bare necessities
abstemiousness	n.	moderation in eating and drinking
abstention	n.	the trait of abstaining (especially from alcohol)
abstinence	n.	the trait of abstaining (especially from alcohol)
abstinence	n.	act or practice of refraining from indulging an appetite
abstinent	n.	a person who refrains from drinking intoxicating beverages
abstinent	adj.	self-restraining; not indulging an appetite especially for food or drink
abstract	n.	a concept or idea not associated with any specific instance
abstract	n.	a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory
abstract	v.	consider a concept without thinking of a specific example; consider abstractly or theoretically
abstract	v.	make off with belongings of others
abstract	v.	consider apart from a particular case or instance
abstract	v.	give an abstract (of)
abstract	adj.	existing only in the mind; separated from embodiment
abstract	adj.	not representing or imitating external reality or the objects of nature
abstract	adj.	dealing with a subject in the abstract without practical purpose or intention
abstracted	v.	consider a concept without thinking of a specific example; consider abstractly or theoretically
abstracted	v.	make off with belongings of others
abstracted	v.	consider apart from a particular case or instance
abstracted	v.	give an abstract (of)
abstracted	adj.	lost in thought; showing preoccupation
abstractedness	n.	preoccupation with something to the exclusion of all else
abstraction	n.	a concept or idea not associated with any specific instance
abstraction	n.	the act of withdrawing or removing something
abstraction	n.	the process of formulating general concepts by abstracting common properties of instances
abstraction	n.	an abstract painting
abstraction	n.	preoccupation with something to the exclusion of all else
abstraction	n.	a general concept formed by extracting common features from specific examples
abstractness	n.	the quality of being considered apart from a specific instance or object
abstruse	adj.	difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge
abstruseness	n.	the quality of being unclear or abstruse and hard to understand
abstruseness	n.	wisdom that is recondite and abstruse and profound
absurd	n.	a situation in which life seems irrational and meaningless; --Albert Camus
absurd	adj.	inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense; - Walter Lippman
absurd	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
absurdity	n.	a message whose content is at variance with reason
absurdity	n.	a ludicrous folly
absurdness	n.	a message whose content is at variance with reason
abuja	n.	capital of Nigeria in the center of the country
abundance	n.	the property of a more than adequate quantity or supply
abundance	n.	(physics) the ratio of the number of atoms of a specific isotope of an element to the total number of isotopes present
abundance	n.	(chemistry) the ratio of the total mass of an element in the earth's crust to the total mass of the earth's crust; expressed as a percentage or in parts per million
abundant	adj.	present in great quantity
abuse	n.	cruel or inhumane treatment
abuse	n.	a rude expression intended to offend or hurt
abuse	n.	improper or excessive use
abuse	v.	treat badly
abuse	v.	change the inherent purpose or function of something
abuse	v.	use foul or abusive language towards
abuse	v.	use wrongly or improperly or excessively
abuser	n.	someone who abuses
abusive	adj.	expressing offensive reproach
abusive	adj.	characterized by physical or psychological maltreatment
abut	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
abutment	n.	point of contact between two objects or parts
abutment	n.	a masonry support that touches and directly receives thrust or pressure of an arch or bridge
abutted	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
abutting	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
abuzz	adj.	noisy like the sound of a bee
abysmal	adj.	very great; limitless
abysmal	adj.	resembling an abyss in depth; so deep as to be unmeasurable
abyss	n.	a bottomless gulf or pit; any unfathomable (or apparently unfathomable) cavity or chasm or void extending below (often used figuratively)
abyssal	adj.	relating to ocean depths from 2000 to 5000 meters
abyssal	adj.	resembling an abyss in depth; so deep as to be unmeasurable
abyssinia	n.	Ethiopia is a republic in northeastern Africa on the Red Sea; formerly called Abyssinia
abyssinian	n.	a small slender short-haired breed of African origin having brownish fur with a reddish undercoat
ac	n.	a radioactive element of the actinide series; found in uranium ores
ac	n.	an electric current that reverses direction sinusoidally
acacia	n.	any of various spiny trees or shrubs of the genus Acacia
academe	n.	the academic world
academia	n.	the academic world
academic	n.	an educator who works at a college or university
academic	adj.	associated with academia or an academy
academic	adj.	hypothetical or theoretical and not expected to produce an immediate or practical result
academic	adj.	marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspects
academician	n.	someone elected to honorary membership in an academy
academician	n.	a scholar who is skilled in academic disputation
academician	n.	an educator who works at a college or university
academy	n.	a secondary school (usually private)
academy	n.	an institution for the advancement of art or science or literature
academy	n.	a school for special training
academy	n.	a learned establishment for the advancement of knowledge
acadia	n.	the French-speaking part of the Canadian Maritime Provinces
acanthus	n.	any plant of the genus Acanthus having large spiny leaves and spikes or white or purplish flowers; native to Mediterranean region but widely cultivated
acapulco	n.	a port and fashionable resort city on the Pacific coast of southern Mexico; known for beaches and water sports (including cliff diving)
accede	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
accede	v.	take on duties or office
accede	v.	to agree or express agreement
accelerate	v.	move faster
accelerate	v.	cause to move faster
acceleration	n.	an increase in rate of change
acceleration	n.	the act of accelerating; increasing the speed
acceleration	n.	(physics) a rate of increase of velocity
accelerator	n.	a pedal that controls the throttle valve
accelerator	n.	a valve that regulates the supply of fuel to the engine
accelerator	n.	(chemistry) a substance that initiates or accelerates a chemical reaction without itself being affected
accelerator	n.	a scientific instrument that increases the kinetic energy of charged particles
accent	n.	distinctive manner of oral expression
accent	n.	special importance or significance
accent	n.	the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people
accent	n.	the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)
accent	n.	a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation
accent	v.	to stress, single out as important
accent	v.	put stress on; utter with an accent
accented	v.	to stress, single out as important
accented	v.	put stress on; utter with an accent
accented	adj.	used of syllables
accented	adj.	bearing a stress or accent
accentual	adj.	of or pertaining to accent or stress
accentual	adj.	(of verse) having a metric system based on stress rather than syllables or quantity
accentuate	v.	to stress, single out as important
accentuate	v.	put stress on; utter with an accent
accentuation	n.	the use or application of an accent; the relative prominence of syllables in a phrase or utterance
accentuation	n.	the act of giving special importance or significance to something
accept	v.	consider or hold as true
accept	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
accept	v.	give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to
accept	v.	react favorably to; consider right and proper
accept	v.	admit into a group or community
accept	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
accept	v.	tolerate or accommodate oneself to
accept	v.	be designed to hold or take
accept	v.	receive (a report) officially, as from a committee
accept	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
accept	v.	be sexually responsive to, used of a female domesticated mammal
acceptability	n.	satisfactoriness by virtue of conforming to approved standards
acceptableness	n.	satisfactoriness by virtue of conforming to approved standards
acceptably	adv.	in an acceptable (but not outstanding) manner
acceptance	n.	the mental attitude that something is believable and should be accepted as true
acceptance	n.	the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception
acceptance	n.	the state of being acceptable and accepted
acceptance	n.	(contract law) words signifying consent to the terms of an offer (thereby creating a contract)
acceptance	n.	banking: a time draft drawn on and accepted by a bank
acceptance	n.	a disposition to tolerate or accept people or situations
acceptance	n.	the act of taking something that is offered
acceptation	n.	acceptance as true or valid
acceptation	n.	the accepted meaning of a word
acceptation	n.	the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception
accepted	v.	consider or hold as true
accepted	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
accepted	v.	give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to
accepted	v.	react favorably to; consider right and proper
accepted	v.	admit into a group or community
accepted	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
accepted	v.	tolerate or accommodate oneself to
accepted	v.	be designed to hold or take
accepted	v.	receive (a report) officially, as from a committee
accepted	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
accepted	v.	be sexually responsive to, used of a female domesticated mammal
accepted	adj.	generally approved or compelling recognition
access	n.	the right to enter
access	n.	the right to obtain or make use of or take advantage of something (as services or membership)
access	n.	a way of entering or leaving
access	n.	a code (a series of characters or digits) that must be entered in some way (typed or dialed or spoken) to get the use of something (a telephone line or a computer or a local area network etc.)
access	n.	(computer science) the operation of reading or writing stored information
access	n.	the act of approaching or entering
access	v.	obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer
access	v.	reach or gain access to
accessibility	n.	the quality of being at hand when needed
accessibility	n.	the attribute of being easy to meet or deal with
accessible	adj.	capable of being reached
accessible	adj.	capable of being read with comprehension
accessible	adj.	easily obtained
accessible	adj.	easy to get along with or talk to; friendly
accession	n.	a process of increasing by addition (as to a collection or group)
accession	n.	(civil law) the right to all of that which your property produces whether by growth or improvement
accession	n.	something added to what you already have
accession	n.	agreeing with or consenting to (often unwillingly)
accession	n.	the right to enter
accession	n.	the act of attaining or gaining access to a new office or right or position (especially the throne)
accession	v.	make a record of additions to a collection, such as a library
accessory	n.	clothing that is worn or carried, but not part of your main clothing
accessory	n.	a supplementary component that improves capability
accessory	n.	someone who helps another person commit a crime
accessory	adj.	aiding and abetting in a crime
accessory	adj.	furnishing added support
accident	n.	an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury
accident	n.	anything that happens suddenly or by chance without an apparent cause
accidental	n.	a musical notation that makes a note sharp or flat or natural although that is not part of the key signature
accidental	adj.	happening by chance or unexpectedly or unintentionally
acclaim	n.	enthusiastic approval
acclaim	v.	praise vociferously
acclaim	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
acclamation	n.	enthusiastic approval
acclimate	v.	get used to a certain climate
acclimation	n.	adaptation to a new climate (a new temperature or altitude or environment)
acclimatization	n.	adaptation to a new climate (a new temperature or altitude or environment)
acclimatize	v.	get used to a certain climate
acclivity	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
accolade	n.	a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction
accommodate	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
accommodate	v.	make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose
accommodate	v.	provide with something desired or needed
accommodate	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
accommodate	v.	provide housing for
accommodate	v.	provide a service or favor for someone
accommodate	v.	make (one thing) compatible with (another)
accommodating	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
accommodating	v.	make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose
accommodating	v.	provide with something desired or needed
accommodating	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
accommodating	v.	provide housing for
accommodating	v.	provide a service or favor for someone
accommodating	v.	make (one thing) compatible with (another)
accommodating	adj.	helpful in bringing about a harmonious adaptation
accommodating	adj.	obliging; willing to do favors
accommodation	n.	making or becoming suitable; adjusting to circumstances
accommodation	n.	a settlement of differences
accommodation	n.	in the theories of Jean Piaget: the modification of internal representations in order to accommodate a changing knowledge of reality
accommodation	n.	living quarters provided for public convenience
accommodation	n.	the act of providing something (lodging or seat or food) to meet a need
accommodation	n.	(physiology) the automatic adjustment in focal length of the natural lens of the eye
accompanied	v.	be present or associated with an event or entity
accompanied	v.	go or travel along with
accompanied	v.	perform an accompaniment to
accompanied	v.	be a companion to somebody
accompanied	adj.	having companions or an escort
accompanied	adj.	playing or singing with instrumental or vocal accompaniment
accompaniment	n.	an event or situation that happens at the same time as or in connection with another
accompaniment	n.	a musical part (vocal or instrumental) that supports or provides background for other musical parts
accompaniment	n.	something added to complete or embellish or make perfect
accompaniment	n.	the act of accompanying someone or something in order to protect them
accompanist	n.	a person who provides musical accompaniment (usually on a piano)
accompany	v.	be present or associated with an event or entity
accompany	v.	go or travel along with
accompany	v.	perform an accompaniment to
accompany	v.	be a companion to somebody
accomplice	n.	a person who joins with another in carrying out some plan (especially an unethical or illegal plan)
accomplish	v.	put in effect
accomplish	v.	to gain with effort
accomplished	v.	put in effect
accomplished	v.	to gain with effort
accomplished	adj.	highly skilled
accomplished	adj.	successfully completed or brought to an end
accomplished	adj.	settled securely and unconditionally
accomplishment	n.	the action of accomplishing something
accomplishment	n.	an ability that has been acquired by training
accord	n.	harmony of people's opinions or actions or characters
accord	n.	concurrence of opinion
accord	n.	a written agreement between two states or sovereigns
accord	n.	sympathetic compatibility
accord	v.	go together
accord	v.	allow to have
accordance	n.	concurrence of opinion
accordance	n.	the act of granting rights
accordant	adj.	being in agreement or harmony; often followed by `with'; -Thomas Hardy
accordant	adj.	in keeping
according	v.	go together
according	v.	allow to have
according	adj.	(followed by `to') in agreement with or accordant with
according	adj.	(followed by `to') as reported or stated by
accordion	n.	a portable box-shaped free-reed instrument; the reeds are made to vibrate by air from the bellows controlled by the player
accordionist	n.	a musician who plays the accordion
accost	v.	speak to someone
accost	v.	approach with an offer of sexual favors
account	n.	a record or narrative description of past events
account	n.	a short account of the news
account	n.	a formal contractual relationship established to provide for regular banking or brokerage or business services
account	n.	a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc.
account	n.	grounds
account	n.	importance or value
account	n.	a statement of recent transactions and the resulting balance
account	n.	the act of informing by verbal report
account	n.	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered
account	n.	the quality of taking advantage
account	v.	be the sole or primary factor in the existence, acquisition, supply, or disposal of something
account	v.	keep an account of
account	v.	to give an account or representation of in words
account	v.	furnish a justifying analysis or explanation
accountability	n.	responsibility to someone or for some activity
accountable	adj.	liable to account for one's actions
accountancy	n.	the occupation of maintaining and auditing records and preparing financial reports for a business
accountant	n.	someone who maintains and audits business accounts
accounted	v.	be the sole or primary factor in the existence, acquisition, supply, or disposal of something
accounted	v.	keep an account of
accounted	v.	to give an account or representation of in words
accounted	v.	furnish a justifying analysis or explanation
accounting	n.	a convincing explanation that reveals basic causes
accounting	n.	a system that provides quantitative information about finances
accounting	n.	the occupation of maintaining and auditing records and preparing financial reports for a business
accounting	n.	a bookkeeper's chronological list of related debits and credits of a business; forms part of a ledger of accounts
accounting	n.	a statement of recent transactions and the resulting balance
accounting	v.	be the sole or primary factor in the existence, acquisition, supply, or disposal of something
accounting	v.	keep an account of
accounting	v.	to give an account or representation of in words
accounting	v.	furnish a justifying analysis or explanation
accouter	v.	provide with military equipment
accouterments	n.	clothing that is worn or carried, but not part of your main clothing
accra	n.	the capital and largest city of Ghana with a deep-water port
accredit	v.	grant credentials to
accredit	v.	provide or send (envoys or embassadors) with official credentials
accredit	v.	ascribe an achievement to
accreditation	n.	the act of granting credit or recognition (especially with respect to educational institution that maintains suitable standards)
accredited	v.	grant credentials to
accredited	v.	provide or send (envoys or embassadors) with official credentials
accredited	v.	ascribe an achievement to
accredited	adj.	given official approval to act
accretion	n.	an increase by natural growth or addition
accretion	n.	something contributing to growth or increase
accretion	n.	(astronomy) the formation of a celestial object by the effect of gravity pulling together surrounding objects and gases
accretion	n.	(biology) growth by addition as by the adhesion of parts or particles
accretion	n.	(geology) an increase in land resulting from alluvial deposits or waterborne sediment
accretion	n.	(law) an increase in a beneficiary's share in an estate (as when a co-beneficiary dies or fails to meet some condition or rejects the inheritance)
accrual	n.	the act of accumulating
accrue	v.	grow by addition
accrue	v.	come into the possession of
acculturate	v.	assimilate culturally
acculturation	n.	the adoption of the behavior patterns of the surrounding culture
acculturation	n.	all the knowledge and values shared by a society
acculturation	n.	the process of assimilating new ideas into an existing cognitive structure
accumulate	v.	get or gather together
accumulate	v.	collect or gather
accumulation	n.	an increase by natural growth or addition
accumulation	n.	several things grouped together or considered as a whole
accumulation	n.	the act of accumulating
accumulation	n.	(finance) profits that are not paid out as dividends but are added to the capital base of the corporation
accumulator	n.	a person who is employed to collect payments (as for rent or taxes)
accumulator	n.	a voltaic battery that stores electric charge
accumulator	n.	(computer science) a register that has a built-in adder that adds an input number to the contents of the register
accuracy	n.	the quality of being near to the true value
accuracy	n.	(mathematics) the number of significant figures given in a number
accurate	adj.	conforming exactly or almost exactly to fact or to a standard or performing with total accuracy
accurate	adj.	(of ideas, images, representations, expressions) characterized by perfect conformity to fact or truth ; strictly correct
accursed	v.	curse or declare to be evil or anathema or threaten with divine punishment
accursed	adj.	under a curse
accusation	n.	a formal charge of wrongdoing brought against a person; the act of imputing blame or guilt
accusation	n.	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence
accusative	n.	the case of nouns serving as the direct object of a verb
accusative	adj.	containing or expressing accusation; ; ; - O.Henry
accusative	adj.	serving as or indicating the object of a verb or of certain prepositions and used for certain other purposes
accusatory	adj.	containing or expressing accusation; ; ; - O.Henry
accuse	v.	bring an accusation against; level a charge against
accuse	v.	blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against
accuser	n.	someone who imputes guilt or blame
accusing	v.	bring an accusation against; level a charge against
accusing	v.	blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against
accusing	adj.	containing or expressing accusation; ; ; - O.Henry
accustom	v.	make psychologically or physically used (to something)
accustomed	v.	make psychologically or physically used (to something)
accustomed	adj.	(often followed by `to') in the habit of or adapted to
accustomed	adj.	commonly used or practiced; usual
ace	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
ace	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck having a single pip on its face
ace	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
ace	n.	proteolytic enzyme that converts angiotensin I into angiotensin II
ace	n.	a major strategic headquarters of NATO; safeguards an area extending from Norway to Turkey
ace	n.	a serve that the receiver is unable to reach
ace	v.	succeed at easily
ace	v.	score an ace against
ace	v.	play (a hole) in one stroke
ace	v.	serve an ace against (someone)
ace	adj.	of the highest quality
acerbate	v.	cause to be bitter or resentful
acerbate	v.	make sour or bitter
acerbic	adj.	sour or bitter in taste
acerbic	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
acerbity	n.	a sharp bitterness
acerbity	n.	a sharp sour taste
acerbity	n.	a rough and bitter manner
acetaminophen	n.	an analgesic for mild pain but not for inflammation; also used as an antipyretic; (Datril, Tylenol, Panadol, Phenaphen, Tempra, and Anacin III are trademarks of brands of acetaminophen tablets)
acetate	n.	a salt or ester of acetic acid
acetate	n.	a fabric made from fibers of cellulose acetate
acetic	adj.	relating to or containing acetic acid
acetone	n.	the simplest ketone; a highly inflammable liquid widely used as an organic solvent and as material for making plastics
acetonic	adj.	of or relating to acetone
acetyl	n.	the organic group of acetic acid (CH3CO-)
acetylene	n.	a colorless flammable gas used chiefly in welding and in organic synthesis
achaean	n.	a member of one of four linguistic divisions of the prehistoric Greeks
achaean	n.	the ancient Greek inhabitants of Achaea
achaean	adj.	of or relating to Achaea or its ancient Greek people
ache	n.	a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain
ache	v.	feel physical pain
ache	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
ache	v.	be the source of pain
achene	n.	small dry indehiscent fruit with the seed distinct from the fruit wall
acheson	n.	United States statesman who promoted the Marshall Plan and helped establish NATO (1893-1971)
achievable	adj.	capable of existing or taking place or proving true; possible to do
achieve	v.	to gain with effort
achievement	n.	the action of accomplishing something
achiever	n.	a person with a record of successes
achilles	n.	a mythical Greek hero of the Iliad; a foremost Greek warrior at the siege of Troy; when he was a baby his mother tried to make him immortal by bathing him in a magical river but the heel by which she held him remained vulnerable--his `Achilles' heel'
aching	n.	a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain
aching	v.	feel physical pain
aching	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
aching	v.	be the source of pain
aching	adj.	causing a dull and steady pain
achromatic	adj.	having no hue
achy	adj.	causing a dull and steady pain
acid	n.	any of various water-soluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt
acid	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
acid	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
acid	adj.	being sour to the taste
acid	adj.	having the characteristics of an acid
acidic	adj.	being or containing an acid; of a solution having an excess of hydrogen atoms (having a pH of less than 7)
acidic	adj.	being sour to the taste
acidify	v.	make sour or more sour
acidify	v.	turn acidic
acidity	n.	the property of being acidic
acidity	n.	the taste experience when something acidic is taken into the mouth
acidity	n.	pH values below 7
acidosis	n.	abnormally high acidity (excess hydrogen-ion concentration) of the blood and other body tissues
acidulous	adj.	being sour to the taste
acknowledge	v.	declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
acknowledge	v.	report the receipt of
acknowledge	v.	express recognition of the presence or existence of, or acquaintance with
acknowledge	v.	express obligation, thanks, or gratitude for
acknowledge	v.	accept as legally binding and valid
acknowledge	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
acknowledged	v.	declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
acknowledged	v.	report the receipt of
acknowledged	v.	express recognition of the presence or existence of, or acquaintance with
acknowledged	v.	express obligation, thanks, or gratitude for
acknowledged	v.	accept as legally binding and valid
acknowledged	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
acknowledged	adj.	recognized or made known or admitted
acknowledged	adj.	generally accepted
acknowledgment	n.	the state or quality of being recognized or acknowledged
acknowledgment	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
acknowledgment	n.	a statement acknowledging something or someone
acme	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
acme	n.	the highest point (of something)
acne	n.	an inflammatory disease involving the sebaceous glands of the skin; characterized by papules or pustules or comedones
acolyte	n.	someone who assists a priest or minister in a liturgical service; a cleric ordained in the highest of the minor orders in the Roman Catholic Church but not in the Anglican Church or the Eastern Orthodox Churches
aconcagua	n.	the highest mountain in the western hemisphere; located in the Andes in western Argentina (22,834 feet high)
aconite	n.	any of various usually poisonous plants of the genus Aconitum having tuberous roots and palmately lobed leaves and blue or white flowers
acorn	n.	fruit of the oak tree: a smooth thin-walled nut in a woody cup-shaped base
acoustic	n.	a remedy for hearing loss or deafness
acoustic	adj.	of or relating to the science of acoustics
acoustical	adj.	of or relating to the science of acoustics
acoustics	n.	the study of the physical properties of sound
acoustics	n.	a remedy for hearing loss or deafness
acquaint	v.	cause to come to know personally
acquaint	v.	make familiar or conversant with
acquaint	v.	inform
acquaintance	n.	personal knowledge or information about someone or something
acquaintance	n.	a relationship less intimate than friendship
acquaintance	n.	a person with whom you are acquainted
acquaintanceship	n.	a relationship less intimate than friendship
acquainted	v.	cause to come to know personally
acquainted	v.	make familiar or conversant with
acquainted	v.	inform
acquainted	adj.	having fair knowledge of
acquiesce	v.	to agree or express agreement
acquiescence	n.	acceptance without protest
acquiescence	n.	agreement with a statement or proposal to do something
acquiescent	adj.	willing to carry out the orders or wishes of another without protest
acquire	v.	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
acquire	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
acquire	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
acquire	v.	locate (a moving entity) by means of a tracking system such as radar
acquire	v.	win something through one's efforts
acquire	v.	gain knowledge or skills
acquire	v.	gain through experience
acquirement	n.	an ability that has been acquired by training
acquisition	n.	the act of contracting or assuming or acquiring possession of something
acquisition	n.	something acquired
acquisition	n.	the cognitive process of acquiring skill or knowledge
acquisition	n.	an ability that has been acquired by training
acquisitive	adj.	eager to acquire and possess things especially material possessions or ideas
acquisitiveness	n.	strong desire to acquire and possess
acquit	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
acquit	v.	behave in a certain manner
acquittal	n.	a judgment of not guilty
acquitted	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
acquitted	v.	behave in a certain manner
acquitted	adj.	declared not guilty of a specific offense or crime; legally blameless
acquitting	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
acquitting	v.	behave in a certain manner
acre	n.	a unit of area (4840 square yards) used in English-speaking countries
acre	n.	a territory of western Brazil bordering on Bolivia and Peru
acre	n.	a town and port in northwestern Israel in the eastern Mediterranean
acreage	n.	an area of ground used for some particular purpose (such as building or farming)
acrid	adj.	strong and sharp
acrid	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
acridity	n.	having an acrid smell
acridity	n.	extreme bitterness
acridity	n.	the quality of being sharply disagreeable in language or tone
acridness	n.	extreme bitterness
acridness	n.	the quality of being sharply disagreeable in language or tone
acrimonious	adj.	marked by strong resentment or cynicism
acrimony	n.	a rough and bitter manner
acrobat	n.	an athlete who performs acts requiring skill and agility and coordination
acrobatic	adj.	vigorously active
acrobatics	n.	the gymnastic moves of an acrobat
acrobatics	n.	the performance of stunts while in flight in an aircraft
acronym	n.	a word formed from the initial letters of the several words in the name
acrophobia	n.	a morbid fear of great heights
acropolis	n.	the citadel in ancient Greek towns
across	adv.	to the opposite side
across	adv.	transversely
acrostic	n.	a puzzle where you fill a square grid with words reading the same down as across
acrostic	n.	verse in which certain letters such as the first in each line form a word or message
acrylamide	n.	a white crystalline amide of propenoic acid can damage the nervous system and is carcinogenic in laboratory animals
acrylic	n.	polymerized from acrylonitrile
acrylic	n.	a glassy thermoplastic; can be cast and molded or used in coatings and adhesives
acrylic	n.	used especially by artists
acrylic	n.	a synthetic fabric
act	n.	a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body
act	n.	something that people do or cause to happen
act	n.	a subdivision of a play or opera or ballet
act	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
act	n.	a manifestation of insincerity
act	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
act	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
act	v.	play a role or part
act	v.	discharge one's duties
act	v.	pretend to have certain qualities or state of mind
act	v.	be suitable for theatrical performance
act	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
act	v.	be engaged in an activity, often for no particular purpose other than pleasure
act	v.	behave unnaturally or affectedly
act	v.	perform on a stage or theater
acth	n.	a hormone produced by the anterior pituitary gland that stimulates the adrenal cortex
acting	n.	the performance of a part or role in a drama
acting	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
acting	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
acting	v.	play a role or part
acting	v.	discharge one's duties
acting	v.	pretend to have certain qualities or state of mind
acting	v.	be suitable for theatrical performance
acting	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
acting	v.	be engaged in an activity, often for no particular purpose other than pleasure
acting	v.	behave unnaturally or affectedly
acting	v.	perform on a stage or theater
acting	adj.	serving temporarily especially as a substitute
actinium	n.	a radioactive element of the actinide series; found in uranium ores
action	n.	something done (usually as opposed to something said)
action	n.	the state of being active
action	n.	a military engagement
action	n.	a process existing in or produced by nature (rather than by the intent of human beings)
action	n.	the series of events that form a plot
action	n.	the trait of being active and energetic and forceful
action	n.	the operating part that transmits power to a mechanism
action	n.	a judicial proceeding brought by one party against another; one party prosecutes another for a wrong done or for protection of a right or for prevention of a wrong
action	n.	an act by a government body or supranational organization
action	n.	the most important or interesting work or activity in a specific area or field
action	v.	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
action	v.	put in effect
actionable	adj.	affording grounds for legal action
activate	v.	put in motion or move to act
activate	v.	make active or more active
activate	v.	make more adsorptive
activate	v.	aerate (sewage) so as to favor the growth of organisms that decompose organic matter
activate	v.	make (substances) radioactive
activation	n.	stimulation of activity in an organism or chemical
activation	n.	the activity of causing to have energy and be active
activation	n.	making active and effective (as a bomb)
activator	n.	(biology) any agency bringing about activation; a molecule that increases the activity of an enzyme or a protein that increases the production of a gene product in DNA transcription
active	n.	chemical agent capable of activity
active	n.	the voice used to indicate that the grammatical subject of the verb is performing the action or causing the happening denoted by the verb
active	n.	a person who is a participating member of an organization
active	adj.	tending to become more severe or wider in scope
active	adj.	engaged in or ready for military or naval operations
active	adj.	disposed to take action or effectuate change
active	adj.	taking part in an activity
active	adj.	characterized by energetic activity
active	adj.	exerting influence or producing a change or effect
active	adj.	full of activity or engaged in continuous activity
active	adj.	in operation
active	adj.	(of the sun) characterized by an increased occurrence of sunspots and flares and radio emissions
active	adj.	expressing that the subject of the sentence has the semantic function of actor:
active	adj.	(used of verbs (e.g. `to run') and participial adjectives (e.g. `running' in `running water')) expressing action rather than a state of being
active	adj.	(of e.g. volcanos) capable of erupting
active	adj.	(of e.g. volcanos) erupting or liable to erupt
active	adj.	engaged in full-time work
activeness	n.	the state of being active
activeness	n.	the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically
actives	n.	chemical agent capable of activity
actives	n.	the voice used to indicate that the grammatical subject of the verb is performing the action or causing the happening denoted by the verb
actives	n.	a person who is a participating member of an organization
activism	n.	a policy of taking direct and militant action to achieve a political or social goal
activist	n.	a militant reformer
activist	adj.	advocating or engaged in activism
activities	n.	any specific behavior
activities	n.	the state of being active
activities	n.	an organic process that takes place in the body
activities	n.	(chemistry) the capacity of a substance to take part in a chemical reaction
activities	n.	a process existing in or produced by nature (rather than by the intent of human beings)
activities	n.	the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically
activity	n.	any specific behavior
activity	n.	the state of being active
activity	n.	an organic process that takes place in the body
activity	n.	(chemistry) the capacity of a substance to take part in a chemical reaction
activity	n.	a process existing in or produced by nature (rather than by the intent of human beings)
activity	n.	the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically
actor	n.	a theatrical performer
actor	n.	a person who acts and gets things done
actress	n.	a female actor
acts	n.	a New Testament book describing the development of the early church from Christ's Ascension to Paul's sojourn at Rome
acts	n.	a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body
acts	n.	something that people do or cause to happen
acts	n.	a subdivision of a play or opera or ballet
acts	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
acts	n.	a manifestation of insincerity
acts	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
acts	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
acts	v.	play a role or part
acts	v.	discharge one's duties
acts	v.	pretend to have certain qualities or state of mind
acts	v.	be suitable for theatrical performance
acts	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
acts	v.	be engaged in an activity, often for no particular purpose other than pleasure
acts	v.	behave unnaturally or affectedly
acts	v.	perform on a stage or theater
actual	adj.	presently existing in fact and not merely potential or possible
actual	adj.	taking place in reality; not pretended or imitated
actual	adj.	being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton
actual	adj.	existing in act or fact
actual	adj.	being or existing at the present moment
actuality	n.	the state of actually existing objectively
actualization	n.	making real or giving the appearance of reality
actualize	v.	make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
actualize	v.	represent or describe realistically
actuarial	adj.	of or relating to the work of an actuary
actuary	n.	someone versed in the collection and interpretation of numerical data (especially someone who uses statistics to calculate insurance premiums)
actuate	v.	put in motion or move to act
actuate	v.	give an incentive for action
actuation	n.	the act of propelling
actuator	n.	a mechanism that puts something into automatic action
acuity	n.	sharpness of vision; the visual ability to resolve fine detail (usually measured by a Snellen chart)
acuity	n.	a quick and penetrating intelligence
acumen	n.	a tapering point
acumen	n.	shrewdness shown by keen insight
acupressure	n.	treatment of symptoms by applying pressure with the fingers to specific pressure points on the body
acupuncture	n.	treatment of pain or disease by inserting the tips of needles at specific points on the skin
acute	n.	a mark (') placed above a vowel to indicate pronunciation
acute	adj.	having or experiencing a rapid onset and short but severe course
acute	adj.	extremely sharp or intense
acute	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
acute	adj.	of an angle; less than 90 degrees
acute	adj.	ending in a sharp point
acute	adj.	of critical importance and consequence
acuteness	n.	a sensitivity that is keen and highly developed
acuteness	n.	a quick and penetrating intelligence
acuteness	n.	the quality of having a sharp edge or point
acyclovir	n.	an oral antiviral drug (trade name Zovirax) used to treat genital herpes; does not cure the disease but relieves the symptoms
acyl	n.	any group or radical of the form RCO- where R is an organic group
ad	n.	a public promotion of some product or service
ad	adv.	in the Christian era; used before dates after the supposed year Christ was born
ada	n.	an enzyme found in mammals that can catalyze the deamination of adenosine into inosine and ammonia
adage	n.	a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact of experience that is taken as true by many people
adagio	n.	(music) a composition played in adagio tempo (slowly and gracefully)
adagio	n.	a slow section of a pas de deux requiring great skill and strength by the dancers
adagio	adj.	(of tempo) leisurely
adagio	adv.	slowly
adam	n.	(Old Testament) in Judeo-Christian mythology; the first man and the husband of Eve and the progenitor of the human race
adam	n.	Scottish architect who designed many public buildings in England and Scotland (1728-1792)
adam	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
adamant	n.	very hard native crystalline carbon valued as a gem
adamant	adj.	impervious to pleas, persuasion, requests, reason; ; - W.Churchill
adams	n.	American Revolutionary leader and patriot; an organizer of the Boston Tea Party and signer of the Declaration of Independence (1722-1803)
adams	n.	6th President of the United States; son of John Adams (1767-1848)
adams	n.	2nd President of the United States (1735-1826)
adams	n.	a mountain peak in southwestern Washington in the Cascade Range (12,307 feet high)
adams	n.	(Old Testament) in Judeo-Christian mythology; the first man and the husband of Eve and the progenitor of the human race
adams	n.	Scottish architect who designed many public buildings in England and Scotland (1728-1792)
adams	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
adana	n.	a city in southern Turkey on the Seyhan River
adapt	v.	make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose
adapt	v.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions
adaptability	n.	the ability to change (or be changed) to fit changed circumstances
adaptation	n.	a written work (as a novel) that has been recast in a new form
adaptation	n.	the process of adapting to something (such as environmental conditions)
adaptation	n.	(physiology) the responsive adjustment of a sense organ (as the eye) to varying conditions (as of light)
adapter	n.	a musician who adapts a composition for particular voices or instruments or for another style of performance
adapter	n.	device that enables something to be used in a way different from that for which it was intended or makes different pieces of apparatus compatible
adaption	n.	the process of adapting to something (such as environmental conditions)
adar	n.	the sixth month of the civil year; the twelfth month of the ecclesiastic year in the Jewish calendar (in February and March)
add	n.	a condition (mostly in boys) characterized by behavioral and learning disorders
add	v.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of
add	v.	state or say further
add	v.	bestow a quality on
add	v.	make an addition by combining numbers
add	v.	determine the sum of
add	v.	constitute an addition
addend	n.	a number that is added to another number (the augend)
addenda	n.	textual matter that is added onto a publication; usually at the end
addendum	n.	textual matter that is added onto a publication; usually at the end
adder	n.	a person who adds numbers
adder	n.	a machine that adds numbers
adder	n.	small terrestrial viper common in northern Eurasia
addict	n.	someone who is so ardently devoted to something that it resembles an addiction
addict	n.	someone who is physiologically dependent on a substance; abrupt deprivation of the substance produces withdrawal symptoms
addict	v.	to cause (someone or oneself) to become dependent (on something, especially a narcotic drug)
addiction	n.	being abnormally tolerant to and dependent on something that is psychologically or physically habit-forming (especially alcohol or narcotic drugs)
addiction	n.	an abnormally strong craving
addiction	n.	(Roman law) a formal award by a magistrate of a thing or person to another person (as the award of a debtor to his creditor); a surrender to a master
addition	n.	a component that is added to something to improve it
addition	n.	the act of adding one thing to another
addition	n.	a quantity that is added
addition	n.	something added to what you already have
addition	n.	a suburban area laid out in streets and lots for a future residential area
addition	n.	the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers
additional	adj.	further or added
additive	n.	something added to enhance food or gasoline or paint or medicine
additive	adj.	designating or involving an equation whose terms are of the first degree
additive	adj.	characterized or produced by addition
addle	v.	mix up or confuse
addle	v.	become rotten
address	n.	(computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored
address	n.	the place where a person or organization can be found or communicated with
address	n.	the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience
address	n.	the manner of speaking to another individual
address	n.	a sign in front of a house or business carrying the conventional form by which its location is described
address	n.	written directions for finding some location; written on letters or packages that are to be delivered to that location
address	n.	the stance assumed by a golfer in preparation for hitting a golf ball
address	n.	social skill
address	v.	speak to
address	v.	give a speech to
address	v.	put an address on (an envelope)
address	v.	direct a question at someone
address	v.	address or apply oneself to something, direct one's efforts towards something, such as a question
address	v.	greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name
address	v.	access or locate by address
address	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
address	v.	speak to someone
address	v.	adjust and aim (a golf ball) at in preparation of hitting
addressable	adj.	capable of being addressed
addressed	v.	speak to
addressed	v.	give a speech to
addressed	v.	put an address on (an envelope)
addressed	v.	direct a question at someone
addressed	v.	address or apply oneself to something, direct one's efforts towards something, such as a question
addressed	v.	greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name
addressed	v.	access or locate by address
addressed	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
addressed	v.	speak to someone
addressed	v.	adjust and aim (a golf ball) at in preparation of hitting
addressed	adj.	(of mail) marked with a destination
addressee	n.	one to whom something is addressed
adduce	v.	advance evidence for
adelaide	n.	the state capital of South Australia
aden	n.	an important port of Yemen; located on the Gulf of Aden; its strategic location has made it a major trading center of southern Arabia since ancient times
adenauer	n.	German statesman; chancellor of West Germany (1876-1967)
adenine	n.	(biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA
adenocarcinoma	n.	malignant tumor originating in glandular epithelium
adenoid	n.	a collection of lymphatic tissue in the throat behind the uvula (on the posterior wall and roof of the nasopharynx)
adenoid	adj.	relating to or resembling lymphatic glands or lymphoid tissue
adenoidal	adj.	of or pertaining to the adenoids
adenoidal	adj.	sounding as if the nose were pinched
adept	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
adept	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
adeptness	n.	skillful performance or ability without difficulty
adequacy	n.	the quality of being able to meet a need satisfactorily:
adequacy	n.	the quality of being sufficient for the end in view
adequate	adj.	having the requisite qualities or resources to meet a task
adequate	adj.	sufficient for the purpose
adequate	adj.	about average; acceptable
adequateness	n.	the quality of being able to meet a need satisfactorily:
adhere	v.	be compatible or in accordance with
adhere	v.	follow through or carry out a plan without deviation
adhere	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
adhere	v.	be a devoted follower or supporter
adhere	v.	be loyal to
adhere	v.	stick to firmly
adherence	n.	faithful support for a cause or political party or religion
adherence	n.	the property of sticking together (as of glue and wood) or the joining of surfaces of different composition
adherent	n.	someone who believes and helps to spread the doctrine of another
adherent	adj.	sticking fast
adhesion	n.	abnormal union of bodily tissues; most common in the abdomen
adhesion	n.	a fibrous band of scar tissue that binds together normally separate anatomical structures
adhesion	n.	the property of sticking together (as of glue and wood) or the joining of surfaces of different composition
adhesion	n.	faithful support for a cause or political party or religion
adhesive	n.	a substance that unites or bonds surfaces together
adhesive	adj.	tending to adhere
adhesiveness	n.	the property of sticking together (as of glue and wood) or the joining of surfaces of different composition
adiabatic	adj.	occurring without loss or gain of heat
adieu	n.	a farewell remark
adios	n.	a farewell remark
adipose	adj.	composed of animal fat
adirondacks	n.	a mountain range in northeastern New York State; a popular resort area
adjacency	n.	the attribute of being so near as to be touching
adjacent	adj.	nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening space
adjacent	adj.	having a common boundary or edge; abutting; touching
adjacent	adj.	near or close to but not necessarily touching
adjectival	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as an adjective
adjective	n.	a word that expresses an attribute of something
adjective	n.	the word class that qualifies nouns
adjective	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as an adjective
adjective	adj.	relating to court practice and procedure as opposed to the principles of law
adjoin	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
adjoin	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
adjoin	v.	attach or add
adjourn	v.	close at the end of a session
adjourn	v.	break from a meeting or gathering
adjournment	n.	the termination of a meeting
adjournment	n.	the act of postponing to another time or place
adjudge	v.	declare to be
adjudicate	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
adjudicate	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
adjudication	n.	the final judgment in a legal proceeding; the act of pronouncing judgment based on the evidence presented
adjudicator	n.	a person who studies and settles conflicts and disputes
adjudicatory	adj.	concerned with adjudicating
adjunct	n.	something added to another thing but not an essential part of it
adjunct	n.	a person who is an assistant or subordinate to another
adjunct	n.	a construction that can be used to extend the meaning of a word or phrase but is not one of the main constituents of a sentence
adjunct	adj.	furnishing added support
adjunct	adj.	of or relating to a person who is subordinate to another
adjuration	n.	a solemn and earnest appeal to someone to do something
adjure	v.	ask for or request earnestly
adjure	v.	command solemnly
adjust	v.	alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard
adjust	v.	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight
adjust	v.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions
adjust	v.	make correspondent or conformable
adjust	v.	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim
adjustable	adj.	capable of being changed so as to match or fit
adjustable	adj.	capable of being regulated
adjuster	n.	one who investigates insurance claims or claims for damages and recommends an effective settlement
adjustment	n.	making or becoming suitable; adjusting to circumstances
adjustment	n.	the act of making something different (as e.g. the size of a garment)
adjustment	n.	the act of adjusting something to match a standard
adjustment	n.	the process of adapting to something (such as environmental conditions)
adjustment	n.	an amount added or deducted on the basis of qualifying circumstances
adjutant	n.	an officer who acts as military assistant to a more senior officer
adjutant	n.	large Indian stork with a military gait
adman	n.	someone whose business is advertising
admen	n.	someone whose business is advertising
administer	v.	work in an administrative capacity; supervise or be in charge of
administer	v.	perform (a church sacrament) ritually
administer	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
administer	v.	give or apply (medications)
administer	v.	direct the taking of
administrate	v.	work in an administrative capacity; supervise or be in charge of
administration	n.	a method of tending to or managing the affairs of a some group of people (especially the group's business affairs)
administration	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
administration	n.	the act of administering medication
administration	n.	the tenure of a president
administration	n.	the act of governing; exercising authority
administration	n.	the act of meting out justice according to the law
administrative	adj.	of or relating to or responsible for administration
administrator	n.	someone who administers a business
administrator	n.	the party appointed by a probate court to distribute the estate of someone who dies without a will or without naming an executor
administrator	n.	someone who manages a government agency or department
admirably	adv.	in an admirable manner
admiral	n.	the supreme commander of a fleet; ranks above a vice admiral and below a fleet admiral
admiral	n.	any of several brightly colored butterflies
admiralty	n.	the department in charge of the navy (as in Great Britain)
admiralty	n.	the office of admiral
admiration	n.	a feeling of delighted approval and liking
admiration	n.	the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising
admiration	n.	a favorable judgment
admire	v.	feel admiration for
admire	v.	look at with admiration
admirer	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
admirer	n.	a person who admires; someone who esteems or respects or approves
admirer	n.	someone who admires a young woman
admiring	v.	feel admiration for
admiring	v.	look at with admiration
admissibility	n.	acceptability by virtue of being admissible
admissible	adj.	deserving to be admitted
admission	n.	the act of admitting someone to enter
admission	n.	an acknowledgment of the truth of something
admission	n.	the fee charged for admission
admission	n.	the right to enter
admissions	n.	the act of admitting someone to enter
admissions	n.	an acknowledgment of the truth of something
admissions	n.	the fee charged for admission
admissions	n.	the right to enter
admit	v.	declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
admit	v.	allow to enter; grant entry to
admit	v.	allow participation in or the right to be part of; permit to exercise the rights, functions, and responsibilities of
admit	v.	admit into a group or community
admit	v.	afford possibility
admit	v.	give access or entrance to
admit	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
admit	v.	serve as a means of entrance
admittance	n.	the right to enter
admittance	n.	the act of admitting someone to enter
admitted	v.	declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
admitted	v.	allow to enter; grant entry to
admitted	v.	allow participation in or the right to be part of; permit to exercise the rights, functions, and responsibilities of
admitted	v.	admit into a group or community
admitted	v.	afford possibility
admitted	v.	give access or entrance to
admitted	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
admitted	v.	serve as a means of entrance
admitting	v.	declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of
admitting	v.	allow to enter; grant entry to
admitting	v.	allow participation in or the right to be part of; permit to exercise the rights, functions, and responsibilities of
admitting	v.	admit into a group or community
admitting	v.	afford possibility
admitting	v.	give access or entrance to
admitting	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
admitting	v.	serve as a means of entrance
admix	v.	mix or blend
admixture	n.	the state of impairing the quality or reducing the value of something
admixture	n.	an additional ingredient that is added by mixing with the base
admixture	n.	the act of mixing together
admonish	v.	admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
admonish	v.	warn strongly; put on guard
admonish	v.	take to task
admonishment	n.	a firm rebuke
admonition	n.	cautionary advice about something imminent (especially imminent danger or other unpleasantness)
admonition	n.	a firm rebuke
admonitory	adj.	serving to warn
admonitory	adj.	expressing reproof or reproach especially as a corrective
ado	n.	a rapid active commotion
adobe	n.	the clay from which adobe bricks are made
adobe	n.	sun-dried brick; used in hot dry climates
adolescence	n.	the time period between the beginning of puberty and adulthood
adolescence	n.	in the state that someone is in between puberty and adulthood
adolescent	n.	a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity
adolescent	adj.	relating to or peculiar to or suggestive of an adolescent
adolescent	adj.	being of the age 13 through 19
adolescent	adj.	displaying or suggesting a lack of maturity
adolescent	adj.	in the state of development between puberty and maturity
adonis	n.	any handsome young man
adonis	n.	annual or perennial herbs
adonis	n.	(Greek mythology) a handsome youth loved by both Aphrodite and Persephone
adopt	v.	choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans
adopt	v.	take up and practice as one's own
adopt	v.	take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities
adopt	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
adopt	v.	take into one's family
adopt	v.	put into dramatic form
adopt	v.	take up the cause, ideology, practice, method, of someone and use it as one's own
adoptable	adj.	suitable or eligible for adoption
adopter	n.	a person who adopts a child of other parents as his or her own child
adoption	n.	the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception
adoption	n.	a legal proceeding that creates a parent-child relation between persons not related by blood; the adopted child is entitled to all privileges belonging to a natural child of the adoptive parents (including the right to inherit)
adoption	n.	the appropriation (of ideas or words etc) from another source
adorableness	n.	extreme attractiveness
adorably	adv.	in an adorable manner
adoration	n.	a feeling of profound love and admiration
adoration	n.	the act of admiring strongly
adoration	n.	the worship given to God alone
adore	v.	love intensely
adorer	n.	someone who admires a young woman
adoring	v.	love intensely
adoring	adj.	showing adoration
adoring	adj.	extravagantly or foolishly loving and indulgent
adorn	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
adorn	v.	be beautiful to look at
adorn	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
adorned	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
adorned	v.	be beautiful to look at
adorned	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
adorned	adj.	provided with something intended to increase its beauty or distinction
adornment	n.	a decoration of color or interest that is added to relieve plainness
adornment	n.	the action of decorating yourself with something colorful and interesting
adp	n.	an ester of adenosine that is converted to ATP for energy storage
adp	n.	data processing by a computer
adrenal	n.	either of a pair of complex endocrine glands situated near the kidney
adrenal	adj.	of or pertaining to the adrenal glands or their secretions
adrenal	adj.	near the kidneys
adrenalin	n.	a catecholamine secreted by the adrenal medulla in response to stress (trade name Adrenalin); stimulates autonomic nerve action
adrenaline	n.	a catecholamine secreted by the adrenal medulla in response to stress (trade name Adrenalin); stimulates autonomic nerve action
adrenergic	n.	drug that has the effects of epinephrine
adrenergic	adj.	relating to epinephrine (its release or action)
adrian	n.	Roman Emperor who was the adoptive son of Trajan; travelled throughout his empire to strengthen its frontiers and encourage learning and architecture; on a visit to Britain in 122 he ordered the construction of Hadrian's Wall (76-138)
adrian	n.	English physiologist who conducted research into the function of neurons; 1st baron of Cambridge (1889-1997)
adriatic	n.	an arm of the Mediterranean between Slovenia and Croatia and Montenegro and Albania on the east and Italy on the west
adrift	adj.	aimlessly drifting
adrift	adj.	afloat on the surface of a body of water
adrift	adv.	floating freely; not anchored
adrift	adv.	off course, wandering aimlessly
adroit	adj.	quick or skillful or adept in action or thought
adroitness	n.	skillful performance or ability without difficulty
adsorb	v.	accumulate (liquids or gases) on the surface
adsorbent	n.	a material having capacity or tendency to adsorb another substance
adsorbent	adj.	having capacity or tendency to adsorb or cause to accumulate on a surface
adsorption	n.	the accumulation of molecules of a gas to form a thin film on the surface of a solid
adulate	v.	flatter in an obsequious manner
adulation	n.	servile flattery; exaggerated and hypocritical praise
adulator	n.	a person who uses flattery
adulatory	adj.	obsequiously complimentary
adult	n.	a fully developed person from maturity onward
adult	n.	any mature animal
adult	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
adult	adj.	designed to arouse lust
adulterant	n.	any substance that lessens the purity or effectiveness of a substance
adulterant	adj.	making impure or corrupt by adding extraneous materials
adulterate	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
adulterate	adj.	mixed with impurities
adulterated	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
adulterated	adj.	mixed with impurities
adulteration	n.	being mixed with extraneous material; the product of adulterating
adulteration	n.	the act of adulterating (especially the illicit substitution of one substance for another)
adulterer	n.	someone who commits adultery or fornication
adulteress	n.	a woman adulterer
adulterous	adj.	characterized by adultery
adulterous	adj.	not faithful to a spouse or lover
adultery	n.	extramarital sex that willfully and maliciously interferes with marriage relations
adulthood	n.	the period of time in your life after your physical growth has stopped and you are fully developed
adulthood	n.	the state (and responsibilities) of a person who has attained maturity
adumbrate	v.	describe roughly or briefly or give the main points or summary of
adumbrate	v.	give to understand
adumbration	n.	the act of providing vague advance indications; representing beforehand
adumbration	n.	a sketchy or imperfect or faint representation
advance	n.	a movement forward
advance	n.	a change for the better; progress in development
advance	n.	a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others
advance	n.	the act of moving forward (as toward a goal)
advance	n.	an amount paid before it is earned
advance	n.	increase in price or value
advance	v.	move forward, also in the metaphorical sense
advance	v.	bring forward for consideration or acceptance
advance	v.	increase or raise
advance	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
advance	v.	cause to move forward
advance	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
advance	v.	develop in a positive way
advance	v.	develop further
advance	v.	give a promotion to or assign to a higher position
advance	v.	pay in advance
advance	v.	move forward
advance	v.	rise in rate or price
advance	adj.	being ahead of time or need
advance	adj.	situated ahead or going before
advancement	n.	encouragement of the progress or growth or acceptance of something
advancement	n.	the act of moving forward (as toward a goal)
advancement	n.	gradual improvement or growth or development
advantage	n.	the quality of having a superior or more favorable position
advantage	n.	(tennis) first point scored after deuce
advantage	n.	benefit resulting from some event or action
advantage	v.	give an advantage to
advantageous	adj.	giving an advantage
advantageous	adj.	appropriate for achieving a particular end; implies a lack of concern for fairness
advent	n.	arrival that has been awaited (especially of something momentous)
advent	n.	the season including the four Sundays preceding Christmas
advent	n.	(Christian theology) the reappearance of Jesus as judge for the Last Judgment
adventist	n.	a member of Christian denomination that expects the imminent advent of Christ
adventitious	adj.	associated by chance and not an integral part; - Frederick W. Robertson
adventure	n.	a wild and exciting undertaking (not necessarily lawful)
adventure	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
adventure	v.	put at risk
adventurer	n.	a person who enjoys taking risks
adventurer	n.	someone who travels into little known regions (especially for some scientific purpose)
adventuresome	adj.	willing to undertake or seeking out new and daring enterprises
adventuress	n.	a woman adventurer
adventurism	n.	recklessness in politics or foreign affairs
adventurous	adj.	willing to undertake or seeking out new and daring enterprises
adventurousness	n.	the trait of being adventurous
adverb	n.	the word class that qualifies verbs or clauses
adverb	n.	a word that modifies something other than a noun
adverbial	n.	a word or group of words function as an adverb
adverbial	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as an adverb
adversary	n.	someone who offers opposition
adverse	adj.	contrary to your interests or welfare
adverse	adj.	in an opposing direction
adversity	n.	a state of misfortune or affliction
adversity	n.	a stroke of ill fortune; a calamitous event
advert	n.	a public promotion of some product or service
advert	v.	give heed (to)
advert	v.	make a more or less disguised reference to
advert	v.	make reference to
advertise	v.	call attention to
advertise	v.	make publicity for; try to sell (a product)
advertised	v.	call attention to
advertised	v.	make publicity for; try to sell (a product)
advertised	adj.	called to public attention
advertisement	n.	a public promotion of some product or service
advertiser	n.	someone whose business is advertising
advertising	n.	a public promotion of some product or service
advertising	n.	the business of drawing public attention to goods and services
advertising	v.	call attention to
advertising	v.	make publicity for; try to sell (a product)
advertorial	n.	an advertisement that is written and presented in the style of an editorial or journalistic report
advice	n.	a proposal for an appropriate course of action
advil	n.	a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and analgesic medicine (trade names Advil and Motrin and Nuprin) used to relieve the pain of arthritis and as an antipyretic
advisability	n.	the quality of being advisable
advisable	adj.	worthy of being recommended or suggested; prudent or wise
advise	v.	give advice to
advise	v.	inform (somebody) of something
advise	v.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something
advised	v.	give advice to
advised	v.	inform (somebody) of something
advised	v.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something
advised	adj.	having the benefit of careful prior consideration or counsel
advised	adj.	having received information
advisement	n.	careful consideration
adviser	n.	an expert who gives advice
advisor	n.	an expert who gives advice
advisory	n.	an announcement that usually advises or warns the public of some threat
advisory	adj.	giving advice; ,
advocacy	n.	active support of an idea or cause etc.; especially the act of pleading or arguing for something
advocate	n.	a person who pleads for a cause or propounds an idea
advocate	n.	a lawyer who pleads cases in court
advocate	v.	push for something
advocate	v.	speak, plead, or argue in favor of
adze	n.	an edge tool used to cut and shape wood
aegean	n.	an arm of the Mediterranean between Greece and Turkey; a main trade route for the ancient civilizations of Crete and Greece and Rome and Persia
aegean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the prehistoric Aegean civilization
aegean	adj.	of or relating to or bordering the Aegean Sea
aegis	n.	kindly endorsement and guidance
aegis	n.	armor plate that protects the chest; the front part of a cuirass
aeneas	n.	a mythical Greek warrior who was a leader on the Trojan side of the Trojan War; hero of the Aeneid
aeneid	n.	an epic in Latin by Virgil; tells the adventures of Aeneas after the Trojan War; provides an illustrious historical background for the Roman Empire
aeolus	n.	god of the winds in ancient mythology
aerate	v.	expose to fresh air
aerate	v.	aerate (sewage) so as to favor the growth of organisms that decompose organic matter
aerate	v.	impregnate, combine, or supply with oxygen
aeration	n.	the process of exposing to air (so as to purify)
aeration	n.	the act of charging a liquid with a gas making it effervescent
aerator	n.	an apparatus for exposing something to the air (as sewage)
aerial	n.	a pass to a receiver downfield from the passer
aerial	n.	an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals
aerial	adj.	existing or living or growing or operating in the air
aerial	adj.	characterized by lightness and insubstantiality; as impalpable or intangible as air; - Thomas Carlyle
aerialist	n.	an acrobat who performs in the air (as on a rope or trapeze)
aerie	n.	the lofty nest of a bird of prey (such as a hawk or eagle)
aerie	n.	any habitation at a high altitude
aerobatics	n.	the performance of stunts while in flight in an aircraft
aerobic	adj.	depending on free oxygen or air
aerobic	adj.	based on or using the principles of aerobics; enhancing respiratory and circulatory efficiency
aerobics	n.	exercise that increases the need for oxygen
aerodrome	n.	an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo
aerodynamic	adj.	of or relating to aerodynamics
aerodynamic	adj.	designed or arranged to offer the least resistant to fluid flow
aerodynamics	n.	the branch of mechanics that deals with the motion of gases (especially air) and their effects on bodies in the flow
aerogram	n.	a letter sent by air mail
aeronautic	adj.	of or pertaining to aeronautics
aeronautical	adj.	of or pertaining to aeronautics
aeronautics	n.	the theory and practice of navigation through air or space
aerosol	n.	a cloud of solid or liquid particles in a gas
aerosol	n.	a dispenser that holds a substance under pressure and that can release it as a fine spray (usually by means of a propellant gas)
aerospace	n.	the atmosphere and outer space considered as a whole
aery	n.	the lofty nest of a bird of prey (such as a hawk or eagle)
aery	n.	any habitation at a high altitude
aery	adj.	characterized by lightness and insubstantiality; as impalpable or intangible as air; - Thomas Carlyle
aeschylus	n.	Greek tragedian; the father of Greek tragic drama (525-456 BC)
aesculapius	n.	son of Apollo; a hero and the Roman god of medicine and healing; his daughters were Hygeia and Panacea
aesop	n.	Greek author of fables (circa 620-560 BC)
aesthete	n.	one who professes great sensitivity to the beauty of art and nature
aesthetic	n.	(philosophy) a philosophical theory as to what is beautiful
aesthetic	adj.	relating to or dealing with the subject of aesthetics
aesthetic	adj.	concerning or characterized by an appreciation of beauty or good taste
aesthetic	adj.	aesthetically pleasing
aesthetically	adv.	in a tasteful way
aesthetics	n.	(art) the branch of philosophy dealing with beauty and taste (emphasizing the evaluative criteria that are applied to art)
aesthetics	n.	(philosophy) a philosophical theory as to what is beautiful
afar	adv.	(old-fashioned) at or from or to a great distance; far
affability	n.	a disposition to be friendly and approachable (easy to talk to)
affable	adj.	diffusing warmth and friendliness
affably	adv.	in an affable manner
affair	n.	a vaguely specified concern
affair	n.	a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
affair	n.	a vaguely specified social event
affect	n.	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion
affect	v.	have an effect upon
affect	v.	act physically on; have an effect upon
affect	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
affect	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
affect	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
affectation	n.	a deliberate pretense or exaggerated display
affected	v.	have an effect upon
affected	v.	act physically on; have an effect upon
affected	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
affected	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
affected	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
affected	adj.	acted upon; influenced
affected	adj.	speaking or behaving in an artificial way to make an impression
affected	adj.	being excited or provoked to the expression of an emotion
affecting	v.	have an effect upon
affecting	v.	act physically on; have an effect upon
affecting	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
affecting	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
affecting	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
affecting	adj.	arousing affect
affection	n.	a positive feeling of liking
affectionate	adj.	having or displaying warmth or affection
affections	n.	a positive feeling of liking
afferent	n.	a nerve that passes impulses from receptors toward or to the central nervous system
afferent	adj.	of nerves and nerve impulses; conveying sensory information from the sense organs to the CNS
affiance	v.	give to in marriage
affidavit	n.	written declaration made under oath; a written statement sworn to be true before someone legally authorized to administer an oath
affiliate	n.	a subordinate or subsidiary associate; a person who is affiliated with another or with an organization
affiliate	n.	a subsidiary or subordinate organization that is affiliated with another organization
affiliate	v.	keep company with; hang out with
affiliate	v.	join in an affiliation
affiliated	v.	keep company with; hang out with
affiliated	v.	join in an affiliation
affiliated	adj.	being joined in close association
affiliation	n.	a social or business relationship
affiliation	n.	the act of becoming formally connected or joined
affiliations	n.	a social or business relationship
affiliations	n.	the act of becoming formally connected or joined
affine	n.	(anthropology) kin by marriage
affine	adj.	(mathematics) of or pertaining to the geometry of affine transformations
affine	adj.	(anthropology) related by marriage
affinity	n.	(immunology) the attraction between an antigen and an antibody
affinity	n.	(anthropology) kinship by marriage or adoption; not a blood relationship
affinity	n.	(biology) state of relationship between organisms or groups of organisms resulting in resemblance in structure or structural parts
affinity	n.	a close connection marked by community of interests or similarity in nature or character
affinity	n.	the force attracting atoms to each other and binding them together in a molecule
affinity	n.	inherent resemblance between persons or things
affinity	n.	a natural attraction or feeling of kinship
affirm	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
affirm	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
affirm	v.	say yes to
affirmation	n.	a statement asserting the existence or the truth of something
affirmation	n.	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something
affirmation	n.	(religion) a solemn declaration that serves the same purpose as an oath (if an oath is objectionable to the person on religious or ethical grounds)
affirmation	n.	a judgment by a higher court that the judgment of a lower court was correct and should stand
affirmative	n.	a reply of affirmation
affirmative	adj.	affirming or giving assent
affirmative	adj.	expecting the best
affirmative	adj.	expressing or manifesting praise or approval
affix	n.	a linguistic element added to a word to produce an inflected or derived form
affix	v.	attach to
affix	v.	add to the very end
affix	v.	attach or become attached to a stem word
afflatus	n.	a strong creative impulse; divine inspiration
afflict	v.	cause great unhappiness for; distress
afflict	v.	cause physical pain or suffering in
affliction	n.	a state of great suffering and distress due to adversity
affliction	n.	a condition of suffering or distress due to ill health
affliction	n.	a cause of great suffering and distress
affluence	n.	abundant wealth
affluent	n.	an affluent person; a person who is financially well off
affluent	n.	a branch that flows into the main stream
affluent	adj.	having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value
afford	v.	be able to spare or give up
afford	v.	be the cause or source of
afford	v.	have the financial means to do something or buy something
afford	v.	afford access to
afforest	v.	establish a forest on previously unforested land
afforestation	n.	the conversion of bare or cultivated land into forest (originally for the purpose of hunting)
affray	n.	noisy quarrel
affray	n.	a noisy fight
affront	n.	a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate disrespect
affront	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
afghan	n.	a blanket knitted or crocheted in strips or squares; sometimes used as a shawl
afghan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Afghanistan
afghan	n.	an Iranian language spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan; the official language of Afghanistan
afghan	n.	a coat made of sheepskin
afghan	n.	tall graceful breed of hound with a long silky coat; native to the Near East
afghan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Afghanistan or its people
afghani	n.	the basic unit of money in Afghanistan
afghani	n.	an Iranian language spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan; the official language of Afghanistan
afghani	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Afghanistan or its people
afghanistan	n.	a mountainous landlocked country in central Asia; bordered by Iran to the west and Russia to the north and Pakistan to the east and south
aficionado	n.	a fan of bull fighting
aficionado	n.	a serious devotee of some particular music genre or musical performer
afield	adv.	far away from home or one's usual surroundings; - R.A.Hall
afield	adv.	in or into a field (especially a field of battle)
afield	adv.	off the subject; beyond the point at issue
afire	adj.	lighted up by or as by fire or flame
aflame	adj.	keenly excited (especially sexually) or indicating excitement; - Bram Stoker
aflame	adj.	lighted up by or as by fire or flame
afloat	adj.	aimlessly drifting
afloat	adj.	borne on the water; floating
afloat	adj.	covered with water
aflutter	adj.	excited in anticipation
afoot	adj.	traveling by foot
afoot	adj.	currently in progress
afoot	adv.	on foot; walking
aforementioned	adj.	being the one previously mentioned or spoken of
aforesaid	adj.	being the one previously mentioned or spoken of
aforethought	adj.	planned in advance
afoul	adj.	especially of a ship's lines etc
afraid	adj.	filled with fear or apprehension
afraid	adj.	filled with regret or concern; used often to soften an unpleasant statement
afraid	adj.	feeling worry or concern or insecurity
afraid	adj.	having feelings of aversion or unwillingness
afresh	adv.	again but in a new or different way
africa	n.	the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean
african	n.	a native or inhabitant of Africa
african	adj.	of or relating to the nations of Africa or their peoples
afrikaans	n.	an official language of the Republic of South Africa; closely related to Dutch and Flemish
afrikaans	adj.	belonging or relating to white people of South Africa whose ancestors were Dutch or to their language
afrikaner	n.	a white native of Cape Province who is a descendant of Dutch settlers and who speaks Afrikaans
afrikaner	adj.	belonging or relating to white people of South Africa whose ancestors were Dutch or to their language
afro	n.	a rounded thickly curled hairdo
aft	adj.	(nautical, aeronautical) situated at or toward the stern or tail
aft	adv.	at or near or toward the stern of a ship or tail of an airplane
afterbirth	n.	the placenta and fetal membranes that are expelled from the uterus after the baby is born
afterbirths	n.	the placenta and fetal membranes that are expelled from the uterus after the baby is born
afterburner	n.	a device injects fuel into a hot exhaust for extra thrust
aftercare	n.	care and treatment of a convalescent patient
aftereffect	n.	any result that follows its cause after an interval
aftereffect	n.	a delayed effect of a drug or therapy
afterglow	n.	a glow sometimes seen in the sky after sunset
afterglow	n.	the pleasure of remembering some pleasant event
afterimage	n.	an image (usually a negative image) that persists after stimulation has ceased
afterlife	n.	life after death
aftermath	n.	the consequences of an event (especially a catastrophic event)
aftermath	n.	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual
aftermaths	n.	the consequences of an event (especially a catastrophic event)
aftermaths	n.	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual
afternoon	n.	the part of the day between noon and evening
afternoon	n.	a conventional expression of greeting or farewell
aftershock	n.	a tremor (or one of a series of tremors) occurring after the main shock of an earthquake
aftertaste	n.	an afterimage of a taste
afterthought	n.	thinking again about a choice previously made
afterthought	n.	an addition that was not included in the original plan
afterward	adv.	happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
ag	n.	a soft white precious univalent metallic element having the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of any metal; occurs in argentite and in free form; used in coins and jewelry and tableware and photography
again	adv.	anew
agamemnon	n.	(Greek mythology) the king who lead the Greeks against Troy in the Trojan War
agape	n.	(Christian theology) the love of God or Christ for mankind
agape	n.	selfless love of one person for another without sexual implications (especially love that is spiritual in nature)
agape	n.	a religious meal shared as a sign of love and fellowship
agape	adj.	with the mouth wide open as in wonder or awe
agar	n.	any culture medium that uses agar as the gelling agent
agar	n.	a colloidal extract of algae; used especially in culture media and as a gelling agent in foods
agassiz	n.	United States naturalist (born in Switzerland) who studied fossil fish; recognized geological evidence that ice ages had occurred in North America (1807-1873)
agate	n.	an impure form of quartz consisting of banded chalcedony; used as a gemstone and for making mortars and pestles
agave	n.	tropical American plants with basal rosettes of fibrous sword-shaped leaves and flowers in tall spikes; some cultivated for ornament or for fiber
age	n.	how long something has existed
age	n.	an era of history having some distinctive feature
age	n.	a time of life (usually defined in years) at which some particular qualification or power arises
age	n.	a prolonged period of time
age	n.	a late time of life
age	v.	begin to seem older; get older
age	v.	grow old or older
age	v.	make older
ageism	n.	discrimination against middle-aged and elderly people
ageless	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
agelessness	n.	the quality of being timeless and eternal
agency	n.	an administrative unit of government
agency	n.	a business that serves other businesses
agency	n.	the state of being in action or exerting power
agency	n.	the state of serving as an official and authorized delegate or agent
agency	n.	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved
agenda	n.	a temporally organized plan for matters to be attended to
agenda	n.	a list of matters to be taken up (as at a meeting)
agenesis	n.	imperfect development; nondevelopment of a part
agent	n.	an active and efficient cause; capable of producing a certain effect
agent	n.	a representative who acts on behalf of other persons or organizations
agent	n.	a substance that exerts some force or effect
agent	n.	a businessman who buys or sells for another in exchange for a commission
agent	n.	any agent or representative of a federal agency or bureau
agent	n.	the semantic role of the animate entity that instigates or causes the happening denoted by the verb in the clause
ageratum	n.	rhizomatous plant of central and southeastern United States and West Indies having large showy heads of clear blue flowers; sometimes placed in genus Eupatorium
ageratum	n.	any plant of the genus Ageratum having opposite leaves and small heads of blue or white flowers
agglomerate	n.	volcanic rock consisting of large fragments fused together
agglomerate	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
agglomerate	v.	form into one cluster
agglomerate	adj.	clustered together but not coherent
agglomeration	n.	a jumbled collection or mass
agglomeration	n.	the act of collecting in a mass; the act of agglomerating
agglutinate	v.	string together (morphemes in an agglutinating language)
agglutinate	v.	clump together; as of bacteria, red blood cells, etc.
agglutinate	adj.	united as if by glue
agglutination	n.	a clumping of bacteria or red cells when held together by antibodies (agglutinins)
agglutination	n.	the building of words from component morphemes that retain their form and meaning in the process of combining
agglutination	n.	the coalescing of small particles that are suspended in solution; these larger masses are then (usually) precipitated
aggrandize	v.	add details to
aggrandizement	n.	the act of increasing the wealth or prestige or power or scope of something
aggravate	v.	make worse
aggravate	v.	exasperate or irritate
aggravating	v.	make worse
aggravating	v.	exasperate or irritate
aggravating	adj.	making worse
aggravation	n.	an exasperated feeling of annoyance
aggravation	n.	unfriendly behavior that causes anger or resentment
aggravation	n.	action that makes a problem or a disease (or its symptoms) worse
aggregate	n.	the whole amount
aggregate	n.	material such as sand or gravel used with cement and water to make concrete, mortar, or plaster
aggregate	n.	a sum total of many heterogenous things taken together
aggregate	v.	amount in the aggregate to
aggregate	v.	gather in a mass, sum, or whole
aggregate	adj.	formed of separate units gathered into a mass or whole
aggregate	adj.	composed of a dense cluster of separate units such as carpels or florets or drupelets
aggregation	n.	several things grouped together or considered as a whole
aggregation	n.	the act of gathering something together
aggregator	n.	a person who collects things
aggression	n.	a disposition to behave aggressively
aggression	n.	a feeling of hostility that arouses thoughts of attack
aggression	n.	violent action that is hostile and usually unprovoked
aggression	n.	the act of initiating hostilities
aggression	n.	deliberately unfriendly behavior
aggressive	adj.	having or showing determination and energetic pursuit of your ends
aggressive	adj.	tending to spread quickly
aggressive	adj.	characteristic of an enemy or one eager to fight
aggressiveness	n.	the quality of being bold and enterprising
aggressiveness	n.	a feeling of hostility that arouses thoughts of attack
aggressiveness	n.	a natural disposition to be hostile
aggressor	n.	someone who attacks
aggressor	n.	a confident assertive person who acts as instigator
aggrieve	v.	infringe on the rights of
aggrieve	v.	cause to feel sorrow
aggro	n.	(informal British usage) aggravation or aggression
aghast	adj.	struck with fear, dread, or consternation
agile	adj.	moving quickly and lightly
agile	adj.	mentally quick
agility	n.	the gracefulness of a person or animal that is quick and nimble
aging	n.	acquiring desirable qualities by being left undisturbed for some time
aging	n.	the organic process of growing older and showing the effects of increasing age
aging	v.	begin to seem older; get older
aging	v.	grow old or older
aging	v.	make older
aging	adj.	growing old
agitate	v.	try to stir up public opinion
agitate	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
agitate	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
agitate	v.	move very slightly
agitate	v.	move or cause to move back and forth
agitate	v.	change the arrangement or position of
agitation	n.	a mental state of extreme emotional disturbance
agitation	n.	a state of agitation or turbulent change or development
agitation	n.	the feeling of being agitated; not calm
agitation	n.	disturbance usually in protest
agitation	n.	the act of agitating something; causing it to move around (usually vigorously)
agitator	n.	one who agitates; a political troublemaker
agitprop	n.	political propaganda (especially communist propaganda) communicated via art and literature and cinema
aglaia	n.	(Greek mythology) one of the three Graces
agleam	adj.	bright with a steady but subdued shining
aglitter	adj.	having brief brilliant points or flashes of light
aglow	adj.	softly bright or radiant
agni	n.	(Sanskrit) Hindu god of fire in ancient and traditional India; one of the three chief deities of the Vedas
agnostic	n.	someone who is doubtful or noncommittal about something
agnostic	n.	a person who claims that they cannot have true knowledge about the existence of God (but does not deny that God might exist)
agnostic	adj.	of or pertaining to an agnostic or agnosticism
agnostic	adj.	uncertain of all claims to knowledge
agnosticism	n.	a religious orientation of doubt; a denial of ultimate knowledge of the existence of God
agnosticism	n.	the disbelief in any claims of ultimate knowledge
ago	adj.	gone by; or in the past
ago	adv.	in the past
agog	adj.	highly excited
agonist	n.	the principal character in a work of fiction
agonist	n.	someone involved in a contest or battle (as in an agon)
agonist	n.	a muscle that contracts while another relaxes
agonist	n.	(biochemistry) a drug that can combine with a receptor on a cell to produce a physiological reaction
agonize	v.	cause to agonize
agonize	v.	suffer agony or anguish
agonizing	v.	cause to agonize
agonizing	v.	suffer agony or anguish
agonizing	adj.	extremely painful
agony	n.	intense feelings of suffering; acute mental or physical pain
agony	n.	a state of acute pain
agoraphobia	n.	a morbid fear of open spaces (as fear of being caught alone in some public place)
agoraphobic	adj.	suffering from agoraphobia; abnormally afraid of open or public places
agra	n.	a city in northern India; former capital of the Mogul empire; site of the Taj Mahal
agrarian	adj.	relating to rural matters
agree	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
agree	v.	consent or assent to a condition, or agree to do something
agree	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
agree	v.	go together
agree	v.	show grammatical agreement
agree	v.	be agreeable or suitable
agree	v.	achieve harmony of opinion, feeling, or purpose
agreeableness	n.	pleasantness resulting from agreeable conditions
agreeableness	n.	a temperamental disposition to be agreeable
agreeably	adv.	in an enjoyable manner
agreeing	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
agreeing	v.	consent or assent to a condition, or agree to do something
agreeing	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
agreeing	v.	go together
agreeing	v.	show grammatical agreement
agreeing	v.	be agreeable or suitable
agreeing	v.	achieve harmony of opinion, feeling, or purpose
agreement	n.	the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises
agreement	n.	compatibility of observations
agreement	n.	harmony of people's opinions or actions or characters
agreement	n.	the thing arranged or agreed to
agreement	n.	the determination of grammatical inflection on the basis of word relations
agreement	n.	the verbal act of agreeing
agribusiness	n.	a large-scale farming enterprise
agricola	n.	Roman general who was governor of Britain and extended Roman rule north to the Firth of Forth (37-93)
agricultural	adj.	relating to or used in or promoting agriculture or farming
agricultural	adj.	relating to rural matters
agriculturalist	n.	someone concerned with the science or art or business of cultivating the soil
agriculture	n.	a large-scale farming enterprise
agriculture	n.	the practice of cultivating the land or raising stock
agriculture	n.	the federal department that administers programs that provide services to farmers (including research and soil conservation and efforts to stabilize the farming economy); created in 1862
agriculture	n.	the class of people engaged in growing food
agriculturist	n.	someone concerned with the science or art or business of cultivating the soil
agrippa	n.	Roman general who commanded the fleet that defeated the forces of Antony and Cleopatra at Actium (63-12 BC)
agrippina	n.	wife who poisoned Claudius after her son Nero was declared heir and who was then put to death by Nero
agrippina	n.	granddaughter of Augustus and mother of Caligula and Agrippina the Younger (14 BC - AD 33)
agronomic	adj.	of or relating to or promoting agronomy
agronomist	n.	an expert in soil management and field-crop production
agronomy	n.	the application of soil and plant sciences to land management and crop production
aground	adj.	stuck in a place where a ship can no longer float
aground	adv.	with the bottom lodged on the ground
ague	n.	a fit of shivering or shaking
ague	n.	successive stages of chills and fever that is a symptom of malaria
ague	n.	a mark (') placed above a vowel to indicate pronunciation
ahab	n.	according to the Old Testament he was a pagan king of Israel and husband of Jezebel (9th century BC)
ahead	adj.	having the leading position or higher score in a contest
ahead	adv.	at or in the front
ahead	adv.	toward the future; forward in time
ahead	adv.	in a forward direction
ahead	adv.	ahead of time; in anticipation
ahead	adv.	to a more advanced or advantageous position
ahead	adv.	to a different or a more advanced time (meaning advanced either toward the present or toward the future)
ahead	adv.	leading or ahead in a competition
ahem	n.	the utterance of a sound similar to clearing the throat; intended to get attention, express hesitancy, fill a pause, hide embarrassment, warn a friend, etc.
ahriman	n.	the spirit of evil in Zoroastrianism; arch rival of Ormazd
ai	n.	an agency of the United States Army responsible for providing timely and relevant and accurate and synchronized intelligence to tactical and operational and strategic level commanders
ai	n.	the branch of computer science that deal with writing computer programs that can solve problems creatively
ai	n.	a sloth that has three long claws on each forefoot and each hindfoot
ai	n.	the introduction of semen into the oviduct or uterus by some means other than sexual intercourse
aid	n.	a resource
aid	n.	the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
aid	n.	money to support a worthy person or cause
aid	n.	the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something
aid	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
aid	v.	improve the condition of
aide	n.	an officer who acts as military assistant to a more senior officer
aide	n.	someone who acts as assistant
aided	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
aided	v.	improve the condition of
aided	adj.	having help; often used as a combining form
aids	n.	a serious (often fatal) disease of the immune system transmitted through blood products especially by sexual contact or contaminated needles
aids	n.	a resource
aids	n.	the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
aids	n.	money to support a worthy person or cause
aids	n.	the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something
aids	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
aids	v.	improve the condition of
aigrette	n.	a long plume (especially one of egret feathers) worn on a hat or a piece of jewelry in the shape of a plume
aiken	n.	United States writer (1889-1973)
ail	n.	aromatic bulb used as seasoning
ail	v.	be ill or unwell
ail	v.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed
aileron	n.	an airfoil that controls lateral motion
ailment	n.	an often persistent bodily disorder or disease; a cause for complaining
aim	n.	an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions
aim	n.	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
aim	n.	the action of directing something at an object
aim	n.	the direction or path along which something moves or along which it lies
aim	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
aim	v.	propose or intend
aim	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
aim	v.	specifically design a product, event, or activity for a certain public
aim	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
aim	v.	direct (a remark) toward an intended goal
aim	v.	have an ambitious plan or a lofty goal
aimless	adj.	aimlessly drifting
aimless	adj.	continually changing especially as from one abode or occupation to another
aimlessness	n.	the quality of lacking any definite purpose
air	n.	a mixture of gases (especially oxygen) required for breathing; the stuff that the wind consists of
air	n.	the region above the ground
air	n.	a distinctive but intangible quality surrounding a person or thing
air	n.	a slight wind (usually refreshing)
air	n.	the mass of air surrounding the Earth
air	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
air	n.	a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
air	n.	medium for radio and television broadcasting
air	n.	travel via aircraft
air	v.	expose to fresh air
air	v.	be broadcast
air	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
air	v.	make public
air	v.	expose to warm or heated air, so as to dry
air	v.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen
airborne	adj.	moved or conveyed by or through air
airbrush	n.	an atomizer to spray paint by means of compressed air
airbrush	v.	paint with an airbrush
airbus	n.	a subsonic jet airliner operated over short distances
aircraft	n.	a vehicle that can fly
aircraftman	n.	a noncommissioned officer in the British Royal Air Force
aircraftmen	n.	a noncommissioned officer in the British Royal Air Force
aircrew	n.	the crew of an aircraft
airdrome	n.	an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo
airdrop	n.	delivery of supplies or equipment or personnel by dropping them by parachute from an aircraft
airedale	n.	breed of large wiry-coated terrier bred in Yorkshire
aires	n.	a river in northern England that flows southeast through West Yorkshire
aires	v.	expose to fresh air
aires	v.	be broadcast
aires	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
aires	v.	make public
aires	v.	expose to warm or heated air, so as to dry
aires	v.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen
airfare	n.	the fare charged for traveling by airplane
airfield	n.	a place where planes take off and land
airflow	n.	the flow of air
airfoil	n.	a device that provides reactive force when in motion relative to the surrounding air; can lift or control a plane in flight
airfreight	v.	transport (cargo) by air
airguns	n.	a gun that propels a projectile by compressed air
airhead	n.	a flighty scatterbrained simpleton
airhead	n.	a bridgehead seized by airborne troops
airily	adv.	in a flippant manner
airiness	n.	the property of something spacious and abounding in fresh air
airiness	n.	the property of something weightless and insubstantial
airiness	n.	lightness in movement or manner
airing	n.	the opening of a subject to widespread discussion and debate
airing	n.	a short excursion (a walk or ride) in the open air
airing	n.	the act of supplying fresh air and getting rid of foul air
airing	v.	expose to fresh air
airing	v.	be broadcast
airing	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
airing	v.	make public
airing	v.	expose to warm or heated air, so as to dry
airing	v.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen
airless	adj.	lacking fresh air
airlift	n.	transportation of people or goods by air (especially when other means of access are unavailable)
airlift	v.	fly people or goods to or from places not accessible by other means
airline	n.	a hose that carries air under pressure
airline	n.	a commercial enterprise that provides scheduled flights for passengers
airliner	n.	a commercial airplane that carries passengers
airlock	n.	a chamber that provides access to space where air is under pressure
airmail	n.	letters and packages that are transported by aircraft
airmail	n.	a system of conveying mail by aircraft
airmail	v.	send or transport by airmail
airman	n.	someone who operates an aircraft
airmen	n.	someone who operates an aircraft
airplane	n.	an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets
airport	n.	an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo
airship	n.	a steerable self-propelled aircraft
airsick	adj.	experiencing motion sickness
airsickness	n.	motion sickness experienced while traveling by air (especially during turbulence)
airspace	n.	the space in the atmosphere immediately above the earth
airspace	n.	the atmosphere above a nation that is deemed to be under its jurisdiction
airspeed	n.	the speed of an aircraft relative to the air in which it is flying
airstrip	n.	an airfield without normal airport facilities
airtight	adj.	having no weak points
airtight	adj.	not allowing air or gas to pass in or out
airwaves	n.	medium for radio and television broadcasting
airway	n.	a duct that provides ventilation (as in mines)
airway	n.	a designated route followed by airplanes in flying from one airport to another
airway	n.	the passages through which air enters and leaves the body
airway	n.	a commercial enterprise that provides scheduled flights for passengers
airwoman	n.	a woman aviator
airwomen	n.	a woman aviator
airworthiness	n.	fitness to fly
airworthy	adj.	(of aircraft) fit to fly
airy	adj.	open to or abounding in fresh air
airy	adj.	not practical or realizable; speculative
airy	adj.	having little or no perceptible weight; so light as to resemble air
airy	adj.	characterized by lightness and insubstantiality; as impalpable or intangible as air; - Thomas Carlyle
aisle	n.	a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods)
aisle	n.	passageway between seating areas as in an auditorium or passenger vehicle or between areas of shelves of goods as in stores
aisle	n.	part of a church divided laterally from the nave proper by rows of pillars or columns
ajar	adj.	slightly open
ajax	n.	a mythical Greek hero; a warrior who fought against Troy in the Iliad
ak	n.	a state in northwestern North America; the 49th state admitted to the union
akimbo	adj.	(used of arms and legs) bent outward with the joint away from the body
akimbo	adv.	with hands on hips and elbows extending outward
akin	adj.	similar in quality or character
akin	adj.	related by blood
akron	n.	a city in northeastern Ohio; the heart of the United States rubber industry
al	n.	a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite
al	n.	a state in the southeastern United States on the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
ala	n.	a flat wing-shaped process or winglike part of an organism
ala	n.	a wing of an insect
alabama	n.	a state in the southeastern United States on the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
alabama	n.	a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in what is now the state of Alabama
alabama	n.	a river in Alabama formed by the confluence of the Coosa and Tallapoosa Rivers near Montgomery; flows southwestward to become a tributary of the Mobile River
alabama	n.	the Muskhogean language of the Alabama
alabaman	n.	a native or resident of Alabama
alabamian	n.	a native or resident of Alabama
alabaster	n.	a compact fine-textured, usually white gypsum used for carving
alabaster	n.	a hard compact kind of calcite
alabaster	n.	a very light white
alabaster	adj.	of or resembling alabaster
alacrity	n.	liveliness and eagerness
aladdin	n.	in the Arabian Nights a boy who acquires a magic lamp from which he can summon a genie
alamo	n.	a siege and massacre at a mission in San Antonio in 1836; Mexican forces under Santa Anna besieged and massacred American rebels who were fighting to make Texas independent of Mexico
alar	n.	a chemical sprayed on fruit trees to regulate their growth so the entire crop can be harvested at one time
alar	adj.	of or relating to the axil
alar	adj.	having or resembling wings
alaric	n.	king of the Visigoths who captured Rome in 410 (370-410)
alarm	n.	fear resulting from the awareness of danger
alarm	n.	a device that signals the occurrence of some undesirable event
alarm	n.	an automatic signal (usually a sound) warning of danger
alarm	n.	a clock that wakes a sleeper at some preset time
alarm	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
alarm	v.	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness
alarming	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
alarming	v.	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness
alarming	adj.	frightening because of an awareness of danger
alarmist	n.	a person who alarms others needlessly
alas	n.	a flat wing-shaped process or winglike part of an organism
alas	n.	a wing of an insect
alas	adv.	by bad luck
alaska	n.	a state in northwestern North America; the 49th state admitted to the union
alaskan	n.	a native or resident of Alaska
alaskan	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the state or people of Alaska
alb	n.	a white linen liturgical vestment with sleeves; worn by priests
albacore	n.	relatively small tuna with choice white flesh; major source of canned tuna
albacore	n.	large pelagic tuna the source of most canned tuna; reaches 93 pounds and has long pectoral fins; found worldwide in tropical and temperate waters
albania	n.	a republic in southeastern Europe on the Adriatic coast of the Balkan Peninsula
albanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Albania
albanian	n.	the Indo-European language spoken by the people of Albania
albanian	adj.	of or relating to Albania or its people or language or culture
albany	n.	state capital of New York; located in eastern New York State on the west bank of the Hudson river
albany	n.	a town in southwest Georgia; processing center for peanuts and pecans
albatross	n.	(figurative) something that hinders or handicaps
albatross	n.	large web-footed birds of the southern hemisphere having long narrow wings; noted for powerful gliding flight
albee	n.	United States dramatist (1928-)
albert	n.	prince consort of Queen Victoria of England (1819-1861)
alberta	n.	one of the three prairie provinces in western Canada; rich in oil and natural gas and minerals
albigensian	adj.	of or relating to Albigenses or Albigensianism
albinism	n.	the congenital absence of pigmentation in the eyes and skin and hair
albino	n.	a person with congenital albinism: white hair and milky skin; eyes are usually pink
albion	n.	archaic name for England or Great Britain; used poetically
album	n.	one or more recordings issued together; originally released on 12-inch phonograph records (usually with attractive record covers) and later on cassette audiotape and compact disc
album	n.	a book of blank pages with pockets or envelopes; for organizing photographs or stamp collections etc
albumen	n.	a simple water-soluble protein found in many animal tissues and liquids
albumen	n.	the white part of an egg; the nutritive and protective gelatinous substance surrounding the yolk consisting mainly of albumin dissolved in water
albumin	n.	a simple water-soluble protein found in many animal tissues and liquids
albuminous	adj.	relating to or containing or resembling albumin
albuquerque	n.	the largest city in New Mexico; located in central New Mexico on the Rio Grande river
alchemist	n.	one who was versed in the practice of alchemy and who sought an elixir of life and a panacea and an alkahest and the philosopher's stone
alchemy	n.	the way two individuals relate to each other
alchemy	n.	a pseudoscientific forerunner of chemistry in medieval times
alcibiades	n.	ancient Athenian statesman and general in the Peloponnesian War (circa 450-404 BC)
alcohol	n.	a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent
alcohol	n.	any of a series of volatile hydroxyl compounds that are made from hydrocarbons by distillation
alcoholic	n.	a person who drinks alcohol to excess habitually
alcoholic	adj.	characteristic of or containing alcohol
alcoholic	adj.	addicted to alcohol; - Carl Van Doren
alcoholism	n.	habitual intoxication; prolonged and excessive intake of alcoholic drinks leading to a breakdown in health and an addiction to alcohol such that abrupt deprivation leads to severe withdrawal symptoms
alcoholism	n.	an intense persistent desire to drink alcoholic beverages to excess
alcott	n.	United States novelist noted for children's books (1832-1888)
alcove	n.	a small recess opening off a larger room
alcyone	n.	(Greek mythology) a woman who was turned into a kingfisher
aldebaran	n.	the brightest star in Taurus
alder	n.	wood of any of various alder trees; resistant to underwater rot; used for bridges etc
alder	n.	north temperate shrubs or trees having toothed leaves and conelike fruit; bark is used in tanning and dyeing and the wood is rot-resistant
alderman	n.	a member of a municipal legislative body (as a city council)
aldermen	n.	a member of a municipal legislative body (as a city council)
ale	n.	a general name for beer made with a top fermenting yeast; in some of the United States an ale is (by law) a brew of more than 4% alcohol by volume
aleatory	adj.	dependent on chance
alehouse	n.	a tavern where ale is sold
alembic	n.	an obsolete kind of container used for distillation; two retorts connected by a tube
aleppo	n.	a city in northwestern Syria
alert	n.	condition of heightened watchfulness or preparation for action
alert	n.	a warning serves to make you more alert to danger
alert	n.	an automatic signal (usually a sound) warning of danger
alert	v.	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness
alert	adj.	engaged in or accustomed to close observation
alert	adj.	quick and energetic
alert	adj.	mentally perceptive and responsive
alertness	n.	the process of paying close and continuous attention
alertness	n.	a state of readiness to respond
alertness	n.	lively attentiveness
aleut	n.	a member of the people inhabiting the Aleutian Islands and southwestern Alaska
aleut	n.	a community of Native Americans who speak an Eskimo-Aleut language and inhabit the Aleutian Islands and southwestern Alaska
aleut	n.	the language spoken by the Aleut
aleutian	n.	a member of the people inhabiting the Aleutian Islands and southwestern Alaska
aleutian	adj.	of or relating to the Aleut or their language or culture
alewife	n.	flesh of shad-like fish abundant along the Atlantic coast or in coastal streams
alewife	n.	shad-like food fish that runs rivers to spawn; often salted or smoked; sometimes placed in genus Pomolobus
alewives	n.	flesh of shad-like fish abundant along the Atlantic coast or in coastal streams
alewives	n.	shad-like food fish that runs rivers to spawn; often salted or smoked; sometimes placed in genus Pomolobus
alexander	n.	European herb somewhat resembling celery widely naturalized in Britain coastal regions and often cultivated as a potherb
alexander	n.	king of Macedon; conqueror of Greece and Egypt and Persia; founder of Alexandria (356-323 BC)
alexandria	n.	a town in Louisiana on the Red River
alexandria	n.	the chief port of Egypt; located on the western edge of the Nile delta on the Mediterranean Sea; founded by Alexander the Great; the capital of ancient Egypt
alexandrian	n.	a resident or native of Alexandria (especially Alexandria in Egypt)
alexandrian	adj.	of or relating to Alexander the Great or his empire
alfalfa	n.	important European leguminous forage plant with trifoliate leaves and blue-violet flowers grown widely as a pasture and hay crop
alfalfa	n.	leguminous plant grown for hay or forage
alfred	n.	king of Wessex; defeated the Vikings and encouraged writing in English (849-899)
alfresco	adj.	in the open air
alfresco	adv.	outside a building
alga	n.	primitive chlorophyll-containing mainly aquatic eukaryotic organisms lacking true stems and roots and leaves
algae	n.	primitive chlorophyll-containing mainly aquatic eukaryotic organisms lacking true stems and roots and leaves
algal	adj.	of or relating to alga
algebra	n.	the mathematics of generalized arithmetical operations
algebraic	adj.	of or relating to algebra
algebraically	adv.	in an algebraic manner
alger	n.	United States author of inspirational adventure stories for boys; virtue and hard work overcome poverty (1832-1899)
algeria	n.	a republic in northwestern Africa on the Mediterranean Sea with a population that is predominantly Sunni Muslim; colonized by France in the 19th century but gained autonomy in the early 1960s
algerian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Algeria
algerian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Algeria or its inhabitants
algiers	n.	an ancient port on the Mediterranean; the capital and largest city of Algeria
algol	n.	the second brightest star in Perseus; the first known eclipsing binary
algol	n.	(from a combination of ALGOrithmic and Language); a programming language used to express computer programs as algorithms
algonquian	n.	a member of any of the North American Indian groups speaking an Algonquian language and originally living in the subarctic regions of eastern Canada; many Algonquian tribes migrated south into the woodlands from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic coast
algonquian	n.	family of North American Indian languages spoken from Labrador to South Carolina and west to the Great Plains
algonquian	adj.	of or relating to an Algonquian tribe or its people or language
algonquin	n.	a member of any of the North American Indian groups speaking an Algonquian language and originally living in the subarctic regions of eastern Canada; many Algonquian tribes migrated south into the woodlands from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic coast
algonquin	n.	family of North American Indian languages spoken from Labrador to South Carolina and west to the Great Plains
algonquin	adj.	of or relating to an Algonquian tribe or its people or language
algorithm	n.	a precise rule (or set of rules) specifying how to solve some problem
algorithmic	adj.	of or relating to or having the characteristics of an algorithm
alhambra	n.	a fortified Moorish palace built near Granada by Muslim kings in the Middle Ages
ali	n.	United States prizefighter who won the world heavyweight championship three times (born in 1942)
ali	n.	the fourth caliph of Islam who is considered to be the first caliph by Shiites; he was a cousin and son-in-law of Muhammad; after his assassination Islam was divided into Shiite and Sunnite sects
alias	n.	a name that has been assumed temporarily
alias	adv.	as known or named at another time or place
alibi	n.	(law) a defense by an accused person purporting to show that he or she could not have committed the crime in question
alibi	n.	a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc.
alibi	v.	exonerate by means of an alibi
alien	n.	a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country
alien	n.	anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found
alien	n.	a form of life assumed to exist outside the Earth or its atmosphere
alien	v.	transfer property or ownership
alien	v.	arouse hostility or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness
alien	adj.	not contained in or deriving from the essential nature of something
alien	adj.	being or from or characteristic of another place or part of the world
alienable	adj.	transferable to another owner
alienate	v.	arouse hostility or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness
alienate	v.	transfer property or ownership
alienate	v.	make withdrawn or isolated or emotionally dissociated
alienation	n.	the feeling of being alienated from other people
alienation	n.	separation resulting from hostility
alienation	n.	(law) the voluntary and absolute transfer of title and possession of real property from one person to another
alienation	n.	the action of alienating; the action of causing to become unfriendly
alienist	n.	a psychiatrist and specialist in the legal aspects of mental illness
alight	v.	to come to rest, settle
alight	v.	come down
alight	adj.	lighted up by or as by fire or flame
align	v.	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight
align	v.	be or come into adjustment with
align	v.	align oneself with a group or a way of thinking
align	v.	bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation
aligned	v.	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight
aligned	v.	be or come into adjustment with
aligned	v.	align oneself with a group or a way of thinking
aligned	v.	bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation
aligned	adj.	brought into agreement or cooperation on the side of a faction, party, or cause
aligned	adj.	in a straight line
alignment	n.	an organization of people (or countries) involved in a pact or treaty
alignment	n.	the spatial property possessed by an arrangement or position of things in a straight line or in parallel lines
alignment	n.	(astronomy) apparent meeting or passing of two or more celestial bodies in the same degree of the zodiac
alignment	n.	the act of adjusting or aligning the parts of a device in relation to each other
alike	adj.	having the same or similar characteristics
alike	adv.	equally
alike	adv.	in a like manner
aliment	n.	a source of materials to nourish the body
aliment	v.	give nourishment to
alimentary	adj.	of or providing nourishment
alimony	n.	court-ordered support paid by one spouse to another after they are separated
aline	v.	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight
aliveness	n.	the condition of living or the state of being alive
aliveness	n.	the property of being animated; having animal life as distinguished from plant life
aliyah	n.	(Judaism) the honor of being called up to the reading desk in the synagogue to read from the Torah
aliyah	n.	(Judaism) immigration of Jews to Israel
aliyahs	n.	(Judaism) the honor of being called up to the reading desk in the synagogue to read from the Torah
aliyahs	n.	(Judaism) immigration of Jews to Israel
alkali	n.	any of various water-soluble compounds capable of turning litmus blue and reacting with an acid to form a salt and water
alkali	n.	a mixture of soluble salts found in arid soils and some bodies of water; detrimental to agriculture
alkalies	n.	any of various water-soluble compounds capable of turning litmus blue and reacting with an acid to form a salt and water
alkalies	n.	a mixture of soluble salts found in arid soils and some bodies of water; detrimental to agriculture
alkaline	adj.	relating to or containing an alkali; having a pH greater than 7
alkalinity	n.	pH values above 7
alkalize	v.	turn basic and less acidic
alkaloid	n.	natural bases containing nitrogen found in plants
alkyd	n.	a durable synthetic resin widely used in adhesives and paints
all	adj.	quantifier; used with either mass or count nouns to indicate the whole number or amount of or every one of a class
all	adj.	completely given to or absorbed by
all	adv.	to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
allah	n.	Muslim name for the one and only God
allay	v.	lessen the intensity of or calm
allay	v.	satisfy (thirst)
allegation	n.	(law) a formal accusation against somebody (often in a court of law)
allegation	n.	statements affirming or denying certain matters of fact that you are prepared to prove
allege	v.	report or maintain
alleged	v.	report or maintain
alleged	adj.	declared but not proved; - Wall Street Journal
alleged	adj.	doubtful or suspect
alleghenies	n.	the western part of the Appalachian Mountains; extending from northern Pennsylvania to southwestern Virginia
alleghenies	n.	a river that rises in Pennsylvania and flows north into New York and then back south through Pennsylvania again to join the Monongahela River at Pittsburgh which is the beginning of the Ohio River
allegheny	n.	a river that rises in Pennsylvania and flows north into New York and then back south through Pennsylvania again to join the Monongahela River at Pittsburgh which is the beginning of the Ohio River
allegiance	n.	the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
allegiance	n.	the loyalty that citizens owe to their country (or subjects to their sovereign)
allegoric	adj.	used in or characteristic of or containing allegory
allegorical	adj.	used in or characteristic of or containing allegory
allegory	n.	a short moral story (often with animal characters)
allegory	n.	a visible symbol representing an abstract idea
allegory	n.	an expressive style that uses fictional characters and events to describe some subject by suggestive resemblances; an extended metaphor
allegretto	n.	a quicker tempo than andante but not as fast as allegro
allegretto	n.	a musical composition or musical passage to be performed at a somewhat quicker tempo than andante but not as fast as allegro
allegretto	adj.	(of tempo) faster than allegro
allegretto	adv.	in a moderately quick tempo
allegro	n.	a brisk and lively tempo
allegro	n.	a musical composition or musical passage to be performed quickly in a brisk lively manner
allegro	adj.	(of tempo) fast
allegro	adv.	in a quick and lively tempo
allele	n.	(genetics) either of a pair (or series) of alternative forms of a gene that can occupy the same locus on a particular chromosome and that control the same character
allen	n.	United States comedienne remembered as the confused but imperturbable partner of her husband, George Burns (1906-1964)
allen	n.	United States filmmaker and comic actor (1935-)
allen	n.	a soldier of the American Revolution whose troops helped capture Fort Ticonderoga from the British (1738-1789)
allentown	n.	a city in eastern Pennsylvania; an industrial and commercial center
allergen	n.	any substance that can cause an allergy
allergenic	adj.	relating to or having the effect of an allergen
allergic	adj.	characterized by or caused by allergy
allergic	adj.	having an allergy or peculiar or excessive susceptibility (especially to a specific factor)
allergist	n.	a physician skilled in the diagnosis and treatment of allergies
allergy	n.	hypersensitivity reaction to a particular allergen; symptoms can vary greatly in intensity
alleviate	v.	provide physical relief, as from pain
alleviate	v.	make easier
alleviation	n.	the feeling that comes when something burdensome is removed or reduced
alleviation	n.	the act of reducing something unpleasant (as pain or annoyance)
alley	n.	a narrow street with walls on both sides
alley	n.	a lane down which a bowling ball is rolled toward pins
alleyway	n.	a narrow street with walls on both sides
allhallows	n.	a Christian feast day honoring all the saints; first observed in 835
alliance	n.	the state of being allied or confederated
alliance	n.	a connection based on kinship or marriage or common interest
alliance	n.	an organization of people (or countries) involved in a pact or treaty
alliance	n.	a formal agreement establishing an association or alliance between nations or other groups to achieve a particular aim
alliance	n.	the act of forming an alliance or confederation
alligator	n.	leather made from alligator's hide
alligator	n.	either of two amphibious reptiles related to crocodiles but with shorter broader snouts
alligator	v.	crack and acquire the appearance of alligator hide, as from weathering or improper application; of paint and varnishes
alliterate	v.	use alliteration as a form of poetry
alliteration	n.	use of the same consonant at the beginning of each stressed syllable in a line of verse
alliterative	adj.	having the same consonant at the beginning of each stressed syllable
allocate	v.	distribute according to a plan or set apart for a special purpose
allocation	n.	a share set aside for a specific purpose
allocation	n.	the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
allocation	n.	(computer science) the assignment of particular areas of a magnetic disk to particular data or instructions
allocations	n.	a share set aside for a specific purpose
allocations	n.	the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
allocations	n.	(computer science) the assignment of particular areas of a magnetic disk to particular data or instructions
allot	v.	give out
allot	v.	allow to have
allot	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
allotment	n.	a share set aside for a specific purpose
allotment	n.	the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
allotted	v.	give out
allotted	v.	allow to have
allotted	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
allotted	adj.	given as a task
allotting	v.	give out
allotting	v.	allow to have
allotting	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
allover	adj.	covering the entire surface
allow	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
allow	v.	consent to, give permission
allow	v.	let have
allow	v.	give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
allow	v.	make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain
allow	v.	allow or plan for a certain possibility; concede the truth or validity of something
allow	v.	afford possibility
allow	v.	allow the other (baseball) team to score
allow	v.	grant as a discount or in exchange
allow	v.	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
allowable	adj.	deductible according to the tax laws
allowable	adj.	that may be permitted especially as according to rule
allowable	adj.	deserving to be allowed or considered
allowably	adv.	in a permissible manner
allowance	n.	an amount allowed or granted (as during a given period)
allowance	n.	a sum granted as reimbursement for expenses
allowance	n.	an amount added or deducted on the basis of qualifying circumstances
allowance	n.	a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits
allowance	n.	a reserve fund created by a charge against profits in order to provide for changes in the value of a company's assets
allowance	n.	the act of allowing
allowance	v.	put on a fixed allowance, as of food
alloy	n.	a mixture containing two or more metallic elements or metallic and nonmetallic elements usually fused together or dissolving into each other when molten
alloy	n.	the state of impairing the quality or reducing the value of something
alloy	v.	lower in value by increasing the base-metal content
alloy	v.	make an alloy of
alloyed	v.	lower in value by increasing the base-metal content
alloyed	v.	make an alloy of
alloyed	adj.	(used of metals) debased by mixture with an inferior element
alloyed	adj.	(used of metals) blended to obtain a desired property
allspice	n.	aromatic West Indian tree that produces allspice berries
allspice	n.	deciduous shrubs having aromatic bark; eastern China; southwestern and eastern United States
allspice	n.	ground dried berrylike fruit of a West Indian allspice tree; suggesting combined flavors of cinnamon and nutmeg and cloves
allude	v.	make a more or less disguised reference to
allure	n.	the power to entice or attract through personal charm
allure	v.	dispose or incline or entice to
allurement	n.	attractiveness
allurement	n.	the power to entice or attract through personal charm
allurement	n.	the act of enticing a person to do something wrong (as an offer of sex in return for money)
alluring	v.	dispose or incline or entice to
alluring	adj.	highly attractive and able to arouse hope or desire
allusion	n.	passing reference or indirect mention
allusive	adj.	characterized by indirect references
allusiveness	n.	a quality characterized by indirect reference
alluvial	adj.	of or relating to alluvium
alluvium	n.	clay or silt or gravel carried by rushing streams and deposited where the stream slows down
ally	n.	a friendly nation
ally	n.	an associate who provides cooperation or assistance
ally	v.	become an ally or associate, as by a treaty or marriage
almanac	n.	an annual publication including weather forecasts and other miscellaneous information arranged according to the calendar of a given year
almanac	n.	an annual publication containing tabular information in a particular field or fields arranged according to the calendar of a given year
almaty	n.	the largest city in Kazakhstan and the capital until 1998
almighty	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
almighty	adj.	having unlimited power
almond	n.	small bushy deciduous tree native to Asia and North Africa having pretty pink blossoms and highly prized edible nuts enclosed in a hard green hull; cultivated in southern Australia and California
almond	n.	oval-shaped edible seed of the almond tree
almoner	n.	an official in a British hospital who looks after the social and material needs of the patients
almoravid	n.	a member of a Muslim dynasty of Berber warriors that flourished from 1049 to 1145 and that established political dominance over northwestern Africa and Spain
almost	adv.	(of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
alms	n.	money or goods contributed to the poor
aloe	n.	succulent plants having rosettes of leaves usually with fiber like hemp and spikes of showy flowers; found chiefly in Africa
aloft	adv.	at or on or to the masthead or upper rigging of a ship
aloft	adv.	upward
aloft	adv.	at or to great height; high up in or into the air
aloft	adv.	in the higher atmosphere above the earth
aloha	n.	an acknowledgment that can be used to say hello or goodbye (aloha is Hawaiian and ciao is Italian)
alone	adj.	isolated from others
alone	adj.	lacking companions or companionship
alone	adj.	exclusive of anyone or anything else
alone	adj.	radically distinctive and without equal
alone	adv.	without any others being included or involved
alone	adv.	without anybody else or anything else
along	adv.	with a forward motion
along	adv.	in accompaniment or as a companion
along	adv.	to a more advanced state
along	adv.	in addition (usually followed by `with')
along	adv.	in line with a length or direction (often followed by `by' or `beside')
alongside	adv.	side by side
aloof	adj.	remote in manner
aloof	adv.	in an aloof manner
aloofness	n.	indifference by personal withdrawal
aloofness	n.	a disposition to be distant and unsympathetic in manner
aloud	adv.	using the voice; not silently
aloud	adv.	with relatively high volume
alp	n.	any high mountain
alpaca	n.	wool of the alpaca
alpaca	n.	a thin glossy fabric made of the wool of the Lama pacos, or made of a rayon or cotton imitation of that wool
alpaca	n.	domesticated llama with long silky fleece; believed to be a domesticated variety of the guanaco
alpha	n.	the 1st letter of the Greek alphabet
alpha	n.	the beginning of a series or sequence; --Revelations
alpha	adj.	first in order of importance
alpha	adj.	early testing stage of a software or hardware product
alphabet	n.	a character set that includes letters and is used to write a language
alphabet	n.	the elementary stages of any subject (usually plural)
alphabetic	adj.	relating to or expressed by a writing system that uses an alphabet
alphabetic	adj.	arranged in order according to the alphabet
alphabetical	adj.	relating to or expressed by a writing system that uses an alphabet
alphabetical	adj.	arranged in order according to the alphabet
alphabetization	n.	the act of putting in alphabetical order
alphabetize	v.	arrange in alphabetical order
alphabetize	v.	provide with an alphabet
alphabetizer	n.	a literate person who can arrange items in alphabetical order
alphanumeric	adj.	of or pertaining to alphanumeric characters
alphanumerical	adj.	of or pertaining to alphanumeric characters
alpine	adj.	relating to or characteristic of alps
alpine	adj.	relating to the Alps and their inhabitants
alpine	adj.	living or growing above the timber line
alps	n.	a large mountain system in south-central Europe; scenic beauty and winter sports make them a popular tourist attraction
alps	n.	any high mountain
already	adv.	prior to a specified or implied time
alright	adj.	nonstandard usage
alright	adv.	without doubt (used to reinforce an assertion)
alright	adv.	an expression of agreement normally occurring at the beginning of a sentence
alright	adv.	in a satisfactory or adequate manner; ; ; (`alright' is a nonstandard variant of `all right')
alsace	n.	a region of northeastern France famous for its wines
alsatian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Alsace
alsatian	n.	breed of large shepherd dogs used in police work and as a guide for the blind
alsatian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Alsace or its inhabitants
also	adv.	in addition
alt	n.	angular distance above the horizon (especially of a celestial object)
altaic	n.	any member of the peoples speaking a language in the Altaic language group
altaic	n.	a group of related languages spoken in Asia and southeastern Europe
altaic	adj.	of or pertaining to or written in Altaic
altair	n.	double star 15.7 light years from Earth; the brightest star in the Aquila constellation
altar	n.	the table in Christian churches where communion is given
altar	n.	a raised structure on which gifts or sacrifices to a god are made
altarpiece	n.	a painted or carved screen placed above and behind an altar or communion table
alter	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
alter	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
alter	v.	make an alteration to
alter	v.	insert words into texts, often falsifying it thereby
alter	v.	remove the ovaries of
alterable	adj.	capable of being changed or altered in some characteristic
alterable	adj.	(of the punishment ordered by a court) capable of being changed to one less severe
alteration	n.	an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another
alteration	n.	the act of making something different (as e.g. the size of a garment)
alteration	n.	the act of revising or altering (involving reconsideration and modification)
altercation	n.	noisy quarrel
altered	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
altered	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
altered	v.	make an alteration to
altered	v.	insert words into texts, often falsifying it thereby
altered	v.	remove the ovaries of
altered	adj.	changed in form or character without becoming something else; ; ; - Charles Dickens
altered	adj.	having testicles or ovaries removed
altered	adj.	changed in order to improve or made more fit for a particular purpose
alternate	n.	someone who takes the place of another person
alternate	v.	go back and forth; swing back and forth between two states or conditions
alternate	v.	exchange people temporarily to fulfill certain jobs and functions
alternate	v.	be an understudy or alternate for a role
alternate	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
alternate	v.	do something in turns
alternate	adj.	every second one of a series; ; - the White Queen
alternate	adj.	serving or used in place of another
alternate	adj.	occurring by turns; first one and then the other
alternate	adj.	of leaves and branches etc; first on one side and then on the other in two ranks along an axis; not paired
alternation	n.	successive change from one thing or state to another and back again
alternative	n.	one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen
alternative	adj.	serving or used in place of another
alternative	adj.	necessitating a choice between mutually exclusive possibilities
alternative	adj.	pertaining to unconventional choices
alternator	n.	an old term for an electric generator that produces alternating current (especially in automobiles)
althea	n.	any of various plants of the genus Althaea; similar to but having smaller flowers than genus Alcea
altimeter	n.	an instrument that measures the height above ground; used in navigation
altitude	n.	elevation especially above sea level or above the earth's surface
altitude	n.	the perpendicular distance from the base of a geometric figure to the opposite vertex (or side if parallel)
altitude	n.	angular distance above the horizon (especially of a celestial object)
alto	n.	a singer whose voice lies in the alto clef
alto	n.	the lowest female singing voice
alto	n.	the highest adult male singing voice
alto	n.	(of a musical instrument) the second highest instrument in a family of musical instruments
alto	n.	the pitch range of the lowest female voice
alto	adj.	of or being the lowest female voice
alto	adj.	of or being the highest male voice; having a range above that of tenor
alto	adj.	(of a musical instrument) second highest member of a group
altogether	n.	informal terms for nakedness
altogether	adv.	to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
altogether	adv.	with everything included or counted
altogether	adv.	with everything considered (and neglecting details)
altoona	n.	a town in central Pennsylvania
altruism	n.	the quality of unselfish concern for the welfare of others
altruist	n.	someone who makes charitable donations intended to increase human well-being
altruistic	adj.	showing unselfish concern for the welfare of others
altruistically	adv.	in an altruistic manner
alum	n.	a white crystalline double sulfate of aluminum: the ammonium double sulfate of aluminum
alum	n.	a white crystalline double sulfate of aluminum: the potassium double sulfate of aluminum
alum	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
alum	n.	a double sulphate of aluminum and potassium that is used as an astringent (among other things)
alumina	n.	any of various forms of aluminum oxide occurring naturally as corundum
aluminum	n.	a silvery ductile metallic element found primarily in bauxite
alumna	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
alumnae	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
alumni	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
alumnus	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
alveolar	n.	a consonant articulated with the tip of the tongue near the gum ridge
alveolar	adj.	pertaining to the tiny air sacs of the lungs
alveolar	adj.	pertaining to the sockets of the teeth or that part of the upper jaw
always	adv.	at all times; all the time and on every occasion
always	adv.	without variation or change, in every case
always	adv.	without interruption
always	adv.	at any time or in any event
always	adv.	forever; throughout all time
am	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; discovered by bombarding uranium with helium atoms
am	n.	a master's degree in arts and sciences
am	n.	modulation of the amplitude of the (radio) carrier wave
am	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
am	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
am	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
am	v.	have an existence, be extant
am	v.	happen, occur, take place
am	v.	be identical or equivalent to
am	v.	form or compose
am	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
am	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
am	v.	spend or use time
am	v.	have life, be alive
am	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
am	v.	be priced at
amalgam	n.	an alloy of mercury with another metal (usually silver) used by dentists to fill cavities in teeth; except for iron and platinum all metals dissolve in mercury and chemists refer to the resulting mercury mixtures as amalgams
amalgam	n.	a combination or blend of diverse things
amalgamate	v.	to bring or combine together or with something else
amalgamate	adj.	joined together into a whole
amalgamation	n.	the combination of two or more commercial companies
amanuenses	n.	someone skilled in the transcription of speech (especially dictation)
amanuensis	n.	someone skilled in the transcription of speech (especially dictation)
amaranth	n.	seed of amaranth plants used as a native cereal in Central and South America
amaranth	n.	any of various plants of the genus Amaranthus having dense plumes of green or red flowers; often cultivated for food
amaranths	n.	seed of amaranth plants used as a native cereal in Central and South America
amaranths	n.	any of various plants of the genus Amaranthus having dense plumes of green or red flowers; often cultivated for food
amaretto	n.	an Italian almond liqueur
amarillo	n.	a city in the northern panhandle of Texas
amaryllis	n.	bulbous plant having showy white to reddish flowers
amass	v.	collect or gather
amass	v.	get or gather together
amaterasu	n.	central deity of Shinto; goddess personifying the sun and ancestress of the rulers of Japan
amateur	n.	someone who pursues a study or sport as a pastime
amateur	n.	an athlete who does not play for pay
amateur	adj.	engaged in as a pastime
amateur	adj.	lacking professional skill or expertise
amateurish	adj.	lacking professional skill or expertise
amateurishness	n.	something that demonstrates a lack of professional competency
amateurism	n.	the conviction that people should participate in sports as a hobby (for the fun of it) rather than for money
amati	n.	Italian violin maker in Cremona; taught the craft to Guarneri and Stradivari (1596-1684)
amati	n.	a violin made by Nicolo Amati or a member of his family
amatory	adj.	expressive of or exciting sexual love or romance
amaze	v.	affect with wonder
amaze	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
amazement	n.	the feeling that accompanies something extremely surprising
amazing	v.	affect with wonder
amazing	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
amazing	adj.	surprising greatly
amazing	adj.	inspiring awe or admiration or wonder; ; ; ; - Melville
amazon	n.	a large strong and aggressive woman
amazon	n.	(Greek mythology) one of a nation of women warriors of Scythia (who burned off the right breast in order to use a bow and arrow more effectively)
amazon	n.	a major South American river; arises in the Andes and flows eastward into the South Atlantic; the world's 2nd longest river (4000 miles)
amazon	n.	mainly green tropical American parrots
ambassador	n.	a diplomat of the highest rank; accredited as representative from one country to another
ambassador	n.	an informal representative
ambassadorial	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of ambassadors
ambassadorship	n.	the post of ambassador
ambassadress	n.	a woman ambassador
amber	n.	a deep yellow color
amber	n.	a hard yellowish to brownish translucent fossil resin; used for jewelry
amber	adj.	of a medium to dark brownish yellow color
ambergris	n.	waxy substance secreted by the sperm whale and found floating at sea or washed ashore; used in perfume
ambiance	n.	a particular environment or surrounding influence
ambiance	n.	the atmosphere of an environment
ambidexterity	n.	the property of being equally skillful with each hand
ambidextrous	adj.	equally skillful with each hand
ambidextrous	adj.	marked by deliberate deceptiveness especially by pretending one set of feelings and acting under the influence of another; - Israel Zangwill; ; - W.M.Thackeray
ambient	adj.	completely enveloping
ambiguity	n.	an expression whose meaning cannot be determined from its context
ambiguity	n.	unclearness by virtue of having more than one meaning
ambiguous	adj.	open to two or more interpretations; or of uncertain nature or significance; or (often) intended to mislead
ambiguous	adj.	having more than one possible meaning
ambiguous	adj.	having no intrinsic or objective meaning; not organized in conventional patterns
ambit	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
ambition	n.	a cherished desire
ambition	n.	a strong drive for success
ambition	v.	have as one's ambition
ambitious	adj.	having a strong desire for success or achievement
ambitious	adj.	requiring full use of your abilities or resources
ambitiousness	n.	a strong drive for success
ambivalence	n.	mixed feelings or emotions
ambivalent	adj.	uncertain or unable to decide about what course to follow
amble	n.	a leisurely walk (usually in some public place)
amble	v.	walk leisurely
ambler	n.	someone who walks at a leisurely pace
ambrosia	n.	a mixture of nectar and pollen prepared by worker bees and fed to larvae
ambrosia	n.	any of numerous chiefly North American weedy plants constituting the genus Ambrosia that produce highly allergenic pollen responsible for much hay fever and asthma
ambrosia	n.	fruit dessert made of oranges and bananas with shredded coconut
ambrosia	n.	(classical mythology) the food and drink of the gods; mortals who ate it became immortal
ambrosial	adj.	extremely pleasing to the taste; sweet and fragrant
ambrosial	adj.	worthy of the gods
ambulance	n.	a vehicle that takes people to and from hospitals
ambulant	adj.	able to walk about
ambulate	v.	walk about; not be bedridden or incapable of walking
ambulation	n.	walking about
ambulatory	n.	a covered walkway (as in a cloister)
ambulatory	adj.	relating to or adapted for walking
ambulatory	adj.	able to walk about
ambuscade	n.	the act of concealing yourself and lying in wait to attack by surprise
ambuscade	v.	wait in hiding to attack
ambush	n.	the act of concealing yourself and lying in wait to attack by surprise
ambush	v.	wait in hiding to attack
ambush	v.	hunt (quarry) by stalking and ambushing
amd	n.	macular degeneration that is age-related
amelia	n.	congenital absence of an arm or leg
ameliorate	v.	to make better
ameliorate	v.	get better
amelioration	n.	the act of relieving ills and changing for the better
amen	n.	a primeval Egyptian personification of air and breath; worshipped especially at Thebes
amenability	n.	the trait of being cooperative
amend	v.	make amendments to
amend	v.	to make better
amend	v.	set straight or right
amendment	n.	the act of amending or correcting
amendment	n.	a statement that is added to or revises or improves a proposal or document (a bill or constitution etc.)
amenity	n.	pleasantness resulting from agreeable conditions
amerce	v.	punish with an arbitrary penalty
amerce	v.	punish by a fine imposed arbitrarily by the discretion of the court
amercement	n.	money extracted as a penalty
america	n.	North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776
america	n.	North America and South America and Central America
american	n.	a native or inhabitant of the United States
american	n.	the English language as used in the United States
american	n.	a native or inhabitant of a North American or Central American or South American country
american	adj.	of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture
american	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the continents and islands of the Americas
americana	n.	any artifact (such as books or furniture or art) that is distinctive of America
americanism	n.	loyalty to the United States and its institutions
americanism	n.	an expression that is characteristic of English as spoken by Americans
americanism	n.	a custom that is peculiar to the United States or its citizens
americanization	n.	assimilation into American culture
americanize	v.	make American in character
americanize	v.	become American in character
americium	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; discovered by bombarding uranium with helium atoms
amerind	n.	any of the languages spoken by Amerindians
amerind	adj.	of or pertaining to American Indians or their culture or languages
amerindian	n.	any member of the peoples living in North or South America before the Europeans arrived
amethyst	n.	a transparent purple variety of quartz; used as a gemstone
amethyst	adj.	of a moderate purple color
amharic	n.	the dominant and official language of Ethiopia; a Semitic language much influenced by the Cushitic language with which Amhara have been in close contact
amharic	adj.	related to or characteristic of or written in Amharic
amiability	n.	a cheerful and agreeable mood
amiability	n.	a disposition to be friendly and approachable (easy to talk to)
amiable	adj.	disposed to please; - Hal Hinson
amiable	adj.	diffusing warmth and friendliness
amiably	adv.	in an affable manner
amicability	n.	a disinclination to quarrel
amicability	n.	having a disposition characterized by warmth and friendliness
amicable	adj.	characterized by friendship and good will
amicably	adv.	in an amicable manner
amide	n.	any organic compound containing the group -CONH2
amidship	adj.	located in the middle part of a ship or aircraft
amidship	adv.	at or near or toward the center of a ship
amidship	adv.	at or near or toward the middle
amigo	n.	a friend or comrade
amine	n.	a compound derived from ammonia by replacing hydrogen atoms by univalent hydrocarbon radicals
amino	n.	the radical -NH2
amino	adj.	pertaining to or containing any of a group of organic compounds of nitrogen derived from ammonia
amish	n.	an American follower of the Mennonite religion
amiss	adj.	not functioning properly
amiss	adv.	away from the correct or expected course
amiss	adv.	in an improper or mistaken or unfortunate manner
amiss	adv.	in an imperfect or faulty way; ; - Jane Austen
amitriptyline	n.	a tricyclic antidepressant drug (trade name Elavil) with serious side effects; interacts with many other medications
amity	n.	a cordial disposition
amity	n.	a state of friendship and cordiality
amman	n.	the capital and largest city of Jordan
ammeter	n.	a meter that measures the flow of electrical current in amperes
ammo	n.	projectiles to be fired from a gun
ammonia	n.	a water solution of ammonia
ammonia	n.	a pungent gas compounded of nitrogen and hydrogen (NH3)
ammonium	n.	the ion NH4 derived from ammonia; behaves in many respects like an alkali metal ion
ammunition	n.	projectiles to be fired from a gun
ammunition	n.	any nuclear or chemical or biological material that can be used as a weapon of mass destruction
ammunition	n.	information that can be used to attack or defend a claim or argument or viewpoint
amnesia	n.	partial or total loss of memory
amnesiac	n.	a person suffering from amnesia
amnesiac	adj.	suffering from a partial loss of memory
amnesic	n.	a person suffering from amnesia
amnesic	adj.	of or relating to or caused by amnesia
amnesic	adj.	suffering from a partial loss of memory
amnesty	n.	a period during which offenders are exempt from punishment
amnesty	n.	a warrant granting release from punishment for an offense
amnesty	n.	the formal act of liberating someone
amnesty	v.	grant a pardon to (a group of people)
amniocenteses	n.	(pregnancy) extraction by centesis of amniotic fluid from a pregnant woman (after the 15th week of pregnancy) to aid in the diagnosis of fetal abnormalities
amniocentesis	n.	(pregnancy) extraction by centesis of amniotic fluid from a pregnant woman (after the 15th week of pregnancy) to aid in the diagnosis of fetal abnormalities
amnion	n.	thin innermost membranous sac enclosing the developing embryo of higher vertebrates (reptiles, birds and mammals)
amniotic	adj.	of or related to the amnion or characterized by developing an amnion
amoeba	n.	naked freshwater or marine or parasitic protozoa that form temporary pseudopods for feeding and locomotion
amoebae	n.	naked freshwater or marine or parasitic protozoa that form temporary pseudopods for feeding and locomotion
amoebic	adj.	pertaining to or resembling amoebae
amok	adj.	frenzied as if possessed by a demon
amok	adv.	wildly; without self-control
amok	adv.	in a murderous frenzy
amontillado	n.	pale medium-dry sherry from Spain
amorality	n.	the quality of being amoral
amorous	adj.	inclined toward or displaying love
amorous	adj.	expressive of or exciting sexual love or romance
amorousness	n.	a feeling of love or fondness
amorousness	n.	the arousal of feelings of sexual desire
amorphous	adj.	having no definite form or distinct shape
amorphous	adj.	lacking the system or structure characteristic of living bodies
amorphous	adj.	without real or apparent crystalline form
amortization	n.	the reduction of the value of an asset by prorating its cost over a period of years
amortization	n.	payment of an obligation in a series of installments or transfers
amortize	v.	liquidate gradually
amos	n.	a Hebrew shepherd and minor prophet
amos	n.	an Old Testament book telling Amos's prophecies
amount	n.	a quantity of money
amount	n.	the relative magnitude of something with reference to a criterion
amount	n.	how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify
amount	n.	a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers
amount	v.	be tantamount or equivalent to
amount	v.	add up in number or quantity
amount	v.	develop into
amour	n.	a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
amoxicillin	n.	an antibiotic; a semisynthetic oral penicillin (trade names Amoxil and Larotid and Polymox and Trimox and Augmentin) used to treat bacterial infections
amp	n.	the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
amp	n.	a nucleotide found in muscle cells and important in metabolism; reversibly convertible to ADP and ATP
amperage	n.	the strength of an electrical current measured in amperes
ampere	n.	a former unit of electric current (slightly smaller than the SI ampere)
ampere	n.	the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
ampersand	n.	a punctuation mark (&) used to represent conjunction (and)
amphetamine	n.	a central nervous system stimulant that increases energy and decreases appetite; used to treat narcolepsy and some forms of depression
amphibian	n.	a flat-bottomed motor vehicle that can travel on land or water
amphibian	n.	an airplane designed to take off and land on water
amphibian	n.	cold-blooded vertebrate typically living on land but breeding in water; aquatic larvae undergo metamorphosis into adult form
amphibian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of animals of the class Amphibia
amphibious	adj.	relating to or characteristic of animals of the class Amphibia
amphibious	adj.	operating or living on land and in water
amphitheater	n.	a sloping gallery with seats for spectators (as in an operating room or theater)
amphitheater	n.	an oval large stadium with tiers of seats; an arena in which contests and spectacles are held
amphora	n.	an ancient jar with two handles and a narrow neck; used to hold oil or wine
amphorae	n.	an ancient jar with two handles and a narrow neck; used to hold oil or wine
ampicillin	n.	semisynthetic penicillin (trade names Principen and Polycillin and SK-Ampicillin)
ample	adj.	more than enough in size or scope or capacity
ample	adj.	affording an abundant supply
ample	adj.	fairly large
amplification	n.	addition of extra material or illustration or clarifying detail
amplification	n.	the amount of increase in signal power or voltage or current expressed as the ratio of output to input
amplification	n.	(electronics) the act of increasing voltage or power or current
amplifier	n.	electronic equipment that increases strength of signals passing through it
amplify	v.	increase in size, volume or significance
amplify	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
amplify	v.	exaggerate or make bigger
amplify	v.	increase the volume of
amplitude	n.	(physics) the maximum displacement of a periodic wave
amplitude	n.	the property of copious abundance
amplitude	n.	greatness of magnitude
ampule	n.	a small bottle that contains a drug (especially a sealed sterile container for injection by needle)
amputate	v.	remove surgically
amputation	n.	a condition of disability resulting from the loss of one or more limbs
amputation	n.	a surgical removal of all or part of a limb
amputee	n.	someone who has had a limb removed by amputation
amsterdam	n.	an industrial center and the nominal capital of the Netherlands; center of the diamond-cutting industry; seat of an important stock exchange; known for its canals and art museum
amulet	n.	a trinket or piece of jewelry usually hung about the neck and thought to be a magical protection against evil or disease
amundsen	n.	Norwegian explorer who was the first to traverse the Northwest Passage and in 1911 the first to reach the South Pole (1872-1928)
amur	n.	an Asian river between China and Russia; flows into the Sea of Okhotsk
amuse	v.	occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion
amuse	v.	make (somebody) laugh
amusement	n.	a feeling of delight at being entertained
amusement	n.	an activity that is diverting and that holds the attention
amusing	v.	occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion
amusing	v.	make (somebody) laugh
amusing	adj.	providing enjoyment; pleasantly entertaining
amusing	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
amygdala	n.	an almond-shaped neural structure in the anterior part of the temporal lobe of the cerebrum; intimately connected with the hypothalamus and the hippocampus and the cingulate gyrus; as part of the limbic system it plays an important role in motivation and emotional behavior
amylase	n.	any of a group of proteins found in saliva and pancreatic juice and parts of plants; help convert starch to sugar
amyloid	n.	a non-nitrogenous food substance consisting chiefly of starch; any substance resembling starch
amyloid	n.	(pathology) a waxy translucent complex protein resembling starch that results from degeneration of tissue
amyloid	adj.	resembling starch
an	n.	an associate degree in nursing
ana	n.	mother of the ancient Irish gods; sometimes identified with Danu
ana	n.	a collection of anecdotes about a person or place
anabaptist	n.	adherent of Anabaptism
anabolism	n.	the synthesis in living organisms of more complex substances (e.g., living tissue) from simpler ones together with the storage of energy
anachronism	n.	something located at a time when it could not have existed or occurred
anachronism	n.	an artifact that belongs to another time
anachronism	n.	a person who seems to be displaced in time; who belongs to another age
anachronistic	adj.	chronologically misplaced
anachronistically	adv.	in an anachronistic manner
anaconda	n.	large arboreal boa of tropical South America
anaerobe	n.	an organism (especially a bacterium) that does not require air or free oxygen to live
anaerobic	adj.	living or active in the absence of free oxygen
anaerobic	adj.	not aerobic
anagram	n.	a word or phrase spelled by rearranging the letters of another word or phrase
anagram	v.	read letters out of order to discover a hidden meaning
anaheim	n.	a city in southern California (southeast of Los Angeles); site of Disneyland
anal	adj.	of or related to the anus
anal	adj.	a stage in psychosexual development when the child's interest is concentrated on the anal region; fixation at this stage is said to result in orderliness, meanness, stubbornness, compulsiveness, etc.
analects	n.	a collection of excerpts from a literary work
analgesia	n.	absence of the sense of pain without loss of consciousness
analgesic	n.	a medicine used to relieve pain
analgesic	adj.	capable of relieving pain
analog	n.	something having the property of being analogous to something else
analog	adj.	of a circuit or device having an output that is proportional to the input
analogical	adj.	expressing, composed of, or based on an analogy
analogize	v.	make an analogy
analogous	adj.	similar or equivalent in some respects though otherwise dissimilar
analogous	adj.	corresponding in function but not in evolutionary origin
analogue	n.	something having the property of being analogous to something else
analogue	adj.	of a circuit or device having an output that is proportional to the input
analogy	n.	an inference that if things agree in some respects they probably agree in others
analogy	n.	drawing a comparison in order to show a similarity in some respect
analogy	n.	the religious belief that between creature and creator no similarity can be found so great but that the dissimilarity is always greater; any analogy between God and humans will always be inadequate
analysand	n.	a person undergoing psychoanalysis
analyses	n.	an investigation of the component parts of a whole and their relations in making up the whole
analyses	n.	the abstract separation of a whole into its constituent parts in order to study the parts and their relations
analyses	n.	a form of literary criticism in which the structure of a piece of writing is analyzed
analyses	n.	the use of closed-class words instead of inflections: e.g., `the father of the bride' instead of `the bride's father'
analyses	n.	a branch of mathematics involving calculus and the theory of limits; sequences and series and integration and differentiation
analyses	n.	a set of techniques for exploring underlying motives and a method of treating various mental disorders; based on the theories of Sigmund Freud
analyses	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
analyses	v.	break down into components or essential features
analyses	v.	make a mathematical, chemical, or grammatical analysis of; break down into components or essential features
analyses	v.	subject to psychoanalytic treatment
analysis	n.	an investigation of the component parts of a whole and their relations in making up the whole
analysis	n.	the abstract separation of a whole into its constituent parts in order to study the parts and their relations
analysis	n.	a form of literary criticism in which the structure of a piece of writing is analyzed
analysis	n.	the use of closed-class words instead of inflections: e.g., `the father of the bride' instead of `the bride's father'
analysis	n.	a branch of mathematics involving calculus and the theory of limits; sequences and series and integration and differentiation
analysis	n.	a set of techniques for exploring underlying motives and a method of treating various mental disorders; based on the theories of Sigmund Freud
analyst	n.	someone who is skilled at analyzing data
analyst	n.	an expert who studies financial data (on credit or securities or sales or financial patterns etc.) and recommends appropriate business actions
analyst	n.	a licensed practitioner of psychoanalysis
analytic	adj.	using or subjected to a methodology using algebra and calculus
analytic	adj.	using or skilled in using analysis (i.e., separating a whole--intellectual or substantial--into its elemental parts or basic principles)
analytic	adj.	expressing a grammatical category by using two or more words rather than inflection
analytic	adj.	of a proposition that is necessarily true independent of fact or experience
analytical	adj.	using or skilled in using analysis (i.e., separating a whole--intellectual or substantial--into its elemental parts or basic principles)
analytical	adj.	of a proposition that is necessarily true independent of fact or experience
analyzable	adj.	capable of being partitioned
analyze	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
analyze	v.	make a mathematical, chemical, or grammatical analysis of; break down into components or essential features
analyze	v.	break down into components or essential features
analyze	v.	subject to psychoanalytic treatment
analyzer	n.	an instrument that performs analyses
ananias	n.	a habitual liar (after a New Testament character who was struck dead for lying)
anapest	n.	a metrical unit with unstressed-unstressed-stressed syllables
anapestic	adj.	(of a metric foot) characterized by two short syllables followed by a long one
anarchic	adj.	without law or control
anarchically	adv.	in a lawless rebellious manner
anarchism	n.	a political theory favoring the abolition of governments
anarchist	n.	an advocate of anarchism
anarchistic	adj.	of or related to anarchism or tending toward anarchism
anarchy	n.	a state of lawlessness and disorder (usually resulting from a failure of government)
anasazi	n.	a Native American who lived in what is now southern Colorado and Utah and northern Arizona and New Mexico and who built cliff dwellings
anathema	n.	a detested person
anathema	n.	a formal ecclesiastical curse accompanied by excommunication
anathematize	v.	curse or declare to be evil or anathema or threaten with divine punishment
anatolia	n.	a peninsula in southwestern Asia that forms the Asian part of Turkey
anatolian	n.	an extinct branch of the Indo-European family of languages known from inscriptions and important in the reconstruction of Proto-Indo European
anatomic	adj.	of or relating to the structure of the body
anatomic	adj.	of or relating to the branch of morphology that studies the structure of organisms
anatomical	n.	an expression that relates to anatomy
anatomical	adj.	of or relating to the structure of the body
anatomical	adj.	of or relating to the branch of morphology that studies the structure of organisms
anatomist	n.	an expert in anatomy
anatomize	v.	dissect in order to analyze
anatomize	v.	analyze down to the smallest detail
anatomy	n.	the branch of morphology that deals with the structure of animals
anatomy	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
anatomy	n.	a detailed analysis
anaxagoras	n.	a presocratic Athenian philosopher who maintained that everything is composed of very small particles that were arranged by some eternal intelligence (500-428 BC)
ancestor	n.	someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent)
ancestral	adj.	inherited or inheritable by established rules (usually legal rules) of descent
ancestral	adj.	of or belonging to or inherited from an ancestor
ancestress	n.	a woman ancestor
ancestry	n.	the descendants of one individual
ancestry	n.	inherited properties shared with others of your bloodline
anchor	n.	a mechanical device that prevents a vessel from moving
anchor	n.	a central cohesive source of support and stability
anchor	n.	a television reporter who coordinates a broadcast to which several correspondents contribute
anchor	v.	fix firmly and stably
anchor	v.	secure a vessel with an anchor
anchorage	n.	the condition of being secured to a base
anchorage	n.	a fee for anchoring
anchorage	n.	a city in south central Alaska
anchorage	n.	place for vessels to anchor
anchorage	n.	the act of anchoring
anchorite	n.	one retired from society for religious reasons
anchorman	n.	a television reporter who coordinates a broadcast to which several correspondents contribute
anchormen	n.	a television reporter who coordinates a broadcast to which several correspondents contribute
anchorperson	n.	a television reporter who coordinates a broadcast to which several correspondents contribute
anchovy	n.	tiny fishes usually canned or salted; used for hors d'oeuvres or as seasoning in sauces
anchovy	n.	small herring-like plankton-eating fishes often canned whole or as paste; abundant in tropical waters worldwide
ancient	n.	a very old person
ancient	n.	a person who lived in ancient times
ancient	adj.	belonging to times long past especially of the historical period before the fall of the Western Roman Empire
ancient	adj.	very old
ancientness	n.	extreme oldness
ancillary	adj.	furnishing added support
andalusia	n.	a region in southern Spain on the Atlantic and the Mediterranean; formerly a center of Moorish civilization
andalusian	adj.	in or relating to Andalusia
andante	n.	a moderately slow tempo (a walking pace)
andante	n.	a musical composition or musical passage to be performed moderately slow
andante	adj.	(of tempo) moderately slow
andante	adv.	at a moderately slow tempo
andean	adj.	relating to the Andes and their inhabitants
andersen	n.	a Danish author remembered for his fairy stories (1805-1875)
anderson	n.	United States author whose works were frequently autobiographical (1876-1941)
anderson	n.	United States physicist who studied the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems (1923-)
anderson	n.	United States dramatist (1888-1959)
anderson	n.	United States contralto noted for her performance of spirituals (1902-1993)
anderson	n.	United States physicist who discovered antimatter in the form of an antielectron that is called the positron (1905-1991)
andes	n.	a mountain range in South America running 5000 miles along the Pacific coast
andiron	n.	metal supports for logs in a fireplace
andorra	n.	a small republic in the eastern Pyrenees between Spain and France
andorran	n.	a native or inhabitant of Andorra
andorran	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Andorra or its people
andrew	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; brother of Peter; patron saint of Scotland
andrews	n.	United States naturalist who contributed to paleontology and geology (1884-1960)
andrews	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; brother of Peter; patron saint of Scotland
androgen	n.	male sex hormone that is produced in the testes and responsible for typical male sexual characteristics
androgenic	adj.	of or related to the male hormone androgen
androgynous	adj.	relating to or exhibiting both female and male sex organs but with a predominantly female appearance
androgynous	adj.	having both male and female characteristics
androgyny	n.	showing characteristics of both sexes
android	n.	an automaton that resembles a human being
andromeda	n.	broad-leaved evergreen Asiatic shrub with glossy leaves and drooping clusters of white flowers
andromeda	n.	any of several shrubs of the genus Andromeda having leathery leaves and clusters of small flowers
andromeda	n.	(Greek mythology) an Ethiopian princess and daughter of Cassiopeia; she was fastened to a rock and exposed to a sea monster that was sent by Poseidon, but she was rescued by Perseus and became his wife
andromeda	n.	a constellation in the northern hemisphere between Cassiopeia and Pegasus; contains the Andromeda galaxy
anecdotal	adj.	having the character of an anecdote
anecdotal	adj.	characterized by or given to telling anecdotes
anecdote	n.	short account of an incident (especially a biographical one)
anemia	n.	a deficiency of red blood cells
anemia	n.	a lack of vitality
anemia	n.	genus of terrestrial or lithophytic ferns having pinnatifid fronds; chiefly of tropical America
anemic	adj.	lacking vigor or energy
anemic	adj.	relating to anemia or suffering from anemia
anemometer	n.	a gauge for recording the speed and direction of wind
anemone	n.	any woodland plant of the genus Anemone grown for its beautiful flowers and whorls of dissected leaves
anemone	n.	marine polyps that resemble flowers but have oral rings of tentacles; differ from corals in forming no hard skeleton
anesthesia	n.	loss of bodily sensation with or without loss of consciousness
anesthesiologist	n.	a specialist who administers an anesthetic to a patient before he is treated
anesthesiology	n.	the branch of medical science that studies and applies anesthetics
anesthetic	n.	a drug that causes temporary loss of bodily sensations
anesthetic	adj.	relating to or producing insensibility
anesthetic	adj.	characterized by insensibility
anesthetist	n.	a specialist who administers an anesthetic to a patient before he is treated
anesthetize	v.	administer an anesthetic drug to
aneurysm	n.	a cardiovascular disease characterized by a saclike widening of an artery resulting from weakening of the artery wall
anew	adv.	again but in a new or different way
angara	n.	a river in southeastern Siberia that flows northwest from Lake Baikal to become a tributary of the Yenisei River
angel	n.	spiritual being attendant upon God
angel	n.	person of exceptional holiness
angel	n.	invests in a theatrical production
angel	n.	the highest waterfall; has more than one leap; flow varies seasonally
angelfish	n.	a butterfly fish of the genus Pomacanthus
angelfish	n.	deep-bodied disk-shaped food fish of warmer western Atlantic coastal waters
angelfish	n.	sharks with broad flat bodies and winglike pectoral fins but that swim the way sharks do
angelic	adj.	marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint
angelic	adj.	of or relating to angels
angelic	adj.	having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub
angelica	n.	any of various tall and stout herbs of the genus Angelica having pinnately compound leaves and small white or greenish flowers in compound umbels
angelica	n.	candied stalks of the angelica plant
angelica	n.	aromatic stems or leaves or roots of Angelica Archangelica
angelical	adj.	of or relating to angels
angelical	adj.	having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub
angelical	adj.	marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint
angelique	n.	any of various tall and stout herbs of the genus Angelica having pinnately compound leaves and small white or greenish flowers in compound umbels
anger	n.	a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance
anger	n.	the state of being angry
anger	n.	belligerence aroused by a real or supposed wrong (personified as one of the deadly sins)
anger	v.	make angry
anger	v.	become angry
angevin	n.	a resident of Anjou
angina	n.	any disease of the throat or fauces marked by spasmodic attacks of intense suffocative pain
angina	n.	a heart condition marked by paroxysms of chest pain due to reduced oxygen to the heart
angioplasty	n.	an operation to repair a damaged blood vessel or unblock a coronary artery
angiosperm	n.	plants having seeds in a closed ovary
angle	n.	the space between two lines or planes that intersect; the inclination of one line to another; measured in degrees or radians
angle	n.	a biased way of looking at or presenting something
angle	n.	a member of a Germanic people who conquered England and merged with the Saxons and Jutes to become Anglo-Saxons
angle	v.	move or proceed at an angle
angle	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
angle	v.	seek indirectly
angle	v.	fish with a hook
angle	v.	present with a bias
angler	n.	a scheming person; someone who schemes to gain an advantage
angler	n.	a fisherman who uses a hook and line
angler	n.	fishes having large mouths with a wormlike filament attached for luring prey
angleworm	n.	terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet; used as bait by anglers
anglia	n.	the Latin name for England
anglican	n.	a Protestant who is a follower of Anglicanism
anglican	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Anglican church
anglicanism	n.	the faith and doctrine and practice of the Anglican Church
anglicism	n.	an expression that is used in Great Britain (especially as contrasted with American English)
anglicism	n.	a custom that is peculiar to England or its citizens
anglicization	n.	the act of anglicizing; making English in appearance
anglicize	v.	make English in appearance
angling	n.	fishing with a hook and line (and usually a pole)
angling	v.	move or proceed at an angle
angling	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
angling	v.	seek indirectly
angling	v.	fish with a hook
angling	v.	present with a bias
anglophile	n.	an admirer of England and things English
anglophobe	n.	a person who hates England and everything English
angola	n.	a republic in southwestern Africa on the Atlantic Ocean; achieved independence from Portugal in 1975 and was the scene of civil war until 1990
angolan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Angola
angolan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Angola or its people
angora	n.	the capital of Turkey; located in west-central Turkey; it was formerly known as Angora and is the home of Angora goats
angora	n.	a domestic breed of goat raised for its long silky hair which is the true mohair
angora	n.	domestic breed of rabbit with long white silky hair
angora	n.	a long-haired breed of cat similar to the Persian cat
angostura	n.	the bitter bark of a South American tree; used in medicines and liqueurs and bitters
angrily	adv.	with anger
angry	adj.	feeling or showing anger
angry	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
angry	adj.	severely inflamed and painful
angst	n.	an acute but unspecific feeling of anxiety; usually reserved for philosophical anxiety about the world or about personal freedom
angstrom	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation
anguilla	n.	a British colony in the West Indies
anguilla	n.	type genus of the Anguillidae: eels
anguish	n.	extreme mental distress
anguish	n.	extreme distress of body or mind
anguish	v.	suffer great pains or distress
anguish	v.	cause emotional anguish or make miserable
angular	adj.	measured by an angle or by the rate of change of an angle
angular	adj.	having angles or an angular shape
angularity	n.	a shape having one or more sharp angles
angularity	n.	the property possessed by a shape that has angles
angulation	n.	the precise measurement of angles
angulation	n.	the act of making angulate (having corners)
angus	n.	Celtic god of love and beauty; patron deity of young men and women
angus	n.	black hornless breed from Scotland
anhydrous	adj.	without water; especially without water of crystallization
aniline	n.	oily poisonous liquid amine obtained from nitrobenzene and used to make dyes and plastics and medicines
animadversion	n.	harsh criticism or disapproval
animadvert	v.	express one's opinion openly and without fear or hesitation
animadvert	v.	express blame or censure or make a harshly critical remark
animal	n.	a living organism characterized by voluntary movement
animal	adj.	marked by the appetites and passions of the body
animalcule	n.	microscopic organism such as an amoeba or paramecium
animate	v.	heighten or intensify
animate	v.	give lifelike qualities to
animate	v.	make lively
animate	v.	give new life or energy to
animate	adj.	belonging to the class of nouns that denote living beings
animate	adj.	endowed with animal life as distinguished from plant life
animate	adj.	endowed with feeling and unstructured consciousness; - T.E.Lawrence
animated	v.	heighten or intensify
animated	v.	give lifelike qualities to
animated	v.	make lively
animated	v.	give new life or energy to
animated	adj.	having life or vigor or spirit
animated	adj.	made to appear to move as living creatures do
animation	n.	the condition of living or the state of being alive
animation	n.	the property of being able to survive and grow
animation	n.	quality of being active or spirited or alive and vigorous
animation	n.	the activity of giving vitality and vigour to something
animation	n.	the making of animated cartoons
animation	n.	general activity and motion
animations	n.	the condition of living or the state of being alive
animations	n.	the property of being able to survive and grow
animations	n.	quality of being active or spirited or alive and vigorous
animations	n.	the activity of giving vitality and vigour to something
animations	n.	the making of animated cartoons
animations	n.	general activity and motion
animator	n.	someone who imparts energy and vitality and spirit to other people
animator	n.	the technician who produces animated cartoons
anime	n.	a hard copal derived from an African tree
anime	n.	any of various resins or oleoresins
animism	n.	the doctrine that all natural objects and the universe itself have souls
animist	n.	one who accepts the doctrine of animism
animist	adj.	of or pertaining to the doctrine of animism
animistic	adj.	of or pertaining to the doctrine of animism
animosity	n.	a feeling of ill will arousing active hostility
animus	n.	a feeling of ill will arousing active hostility
anion	n.	a negatively charged ion
anionic	n.	a class of synthetic detergents in which the molecules do not ionize in aqueous solutions
anionic	adj.	of or relating to anions
anise	n.	native to Egypt but cultivated widely for its aromatic seeds and the oil from them used medicinally and as a flavoring in cookery
anise	n.	liquorice-flavored seeds, used medicinally and in cooking and liquors
aniseed	n.	liquorice-flavored seeds, used medicinally and in cooking and liquors
anisette	n.	liquorice-flavored usually colorless sweet liqueur made from aniseed
ankara	n.	the capital of Turkey; located in west-central Turkey; it was formerly known as Angora and is the home of Angora goats
ankle	n.	a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proximal end of the talus
anklebone	n.	the bone in the ankle that articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle joint
anklet	n.	a shoe for a child or woman that has a strap around the ankle
anklet	n.	a sock that reaches just above the ankle
anklet	n.	an ornament worn around the ankle
anna	n.	a former copper coin of Pakistan and India
annalist	n.	a historian who writes annals
annals	n.	reports of the work of a society or learned body etc
annals	n.	a chronological account of events in successive years
annam	n.	a communist state in Indochina on the South China Sea; achieved independence from France in 1945
annapolis	n.	state capital of Maryland; site of the United States Naval Academy
annapurna	n.	wife of Siva and a benevolent aspect of Devi: Hindu goddess of plenty
annapurna	n.	a mountain in the Himalayas in Nepal (26,500 feet high)
anne	n.	Queen of England and Scotland and Ireland; daughter if James II and the last of the Stuart monarchs; in 1707 she was the last English ruler to exercise the royal veto over parliament (1665-1714)
anneal	v.	bring to a desired consistency, texture, or hardness by a process of gradually heating and cooling
annelid	n.	worms with cylindrical bodies segmented both internally and externally
annelid	adj.	relating to or belonging to or characteristic of any worms of the phylum Annelida
annex	n.	an addition that extends a main building
annex	v.	take (territory) as if by conquest
annex	v.	attach to
annexation	n.	incorporation by joining or uniting
annexation	n.	the formal act of acquiring something (especially territory) by conquest or occupation
annihilate	v.	kill in large numbers
annihilation	n.	destruction by annihilating something
annihilation	n.	total destruction
annihilator	n.	a total destroyer
anniversary	n.	the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration of it)
annotate	v.	add explanatory notes to or supply with critical comments
annotate	v.	provide interlinear explanations for words or phrases
annotation	n.	a comment or instruction (usually added)
annotation	n.	the act of adding notes
annotator	n.	a commentator who writes notes to a text
announce	v.	make known; make an announcement
announce	v.	announce publicly or officially
announce	v.	give the names of
announce	v.	foreshadow or presage
announced	v.	make known; make an announcement
announced	v.	announce publicly or officially
announced	v.	give the names of
announced	v.	foreshadow or presage
announced	adj.	declared publicly; made widely known
announcement	n.	a formal public statement
announcement	n.	a public statement containing information about an event that has happened or is going to happen
announcer	n.	someone who proclaims a message publicly
announcer	n.	reads news, commercials on radio or television
annoy	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
annoyance	n.	the psychological state of being irritated or annoyed
annoyance	n.	anger produced by some annoying irritation
annoyance	n.	an unpleasant person who is annoying or exasperating
annoyance	n.	something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness
annoyance	n.	the act of troubling or annoying someone
annoying	n.	the act of troubling or annoying someone
annoying	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
annoying	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
annual	n.	(botany) a plant that completes its entire life cycle within the space of a year
annual	n.	a reference book that is published regularly once every year
annual	adj.	completing its life cycle within a year
annual	adj.	occurring or payable every year
annuitant	n.	the recipient of an annuity
annuity	n.	income from capital investment paid in a series of regular payments
annul	v.	declare invalid
annul	v.	cancel officially
annular	adj.	shaped like a ring
annulled	v.	declare invalid
annulled	v.	cancel officially
annulling	v.	declare invalid
annulling	v.	cancel officially
annulment	n.	the state of being cancelled or annulled
annulment	n.	(law) a formal termination (of a relationship or a judicial proceeding etc)
annulment	n.	the act of abrogating; an official or legal cancellation
annulus	n.	a toroidal shape
annulus	n.	(Fungi) a remnant of the partial veil that in mature mushrooms surrounds the stem like a collar
annunciation	n.	a festival commemorating the announcement of the Incarnation by the angel Gabriel to the Virgin Mary; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland
annunciation	n.	(Christianity) the announcement to the Virgin Mary by the angel Gabriel of the incarnation of Christ
annunciation	n.	a formal public statement
anode	n.	a positively charged electrode by which electrons leave an electrical device
anode	n.	the negatively charged terminal of a voltaic cell or storage battery that supplies current
anodize	v.	coat a metal with an oxide coat
anodyne	n.	a medicine used to relieve pain
anodyne	adj.	capable of relieving pain
anoint	v.	choose by or as if by divine intervention
anoint	v.	administer an oil or ointment to ; often in a religious ceremony of blessing
anointment	n.	the act of applying oil or an oily liquid
anomalous	adj.	deviating from the general or common order or type
anomaly	n.	deviation from the normal or common order or form or rule
anomaly	n.	a person who is unusual
anomaly	n.	(astronomy) position of a planet as defined by its angular distance from its perihelion (as observed from the sun)
anon	adv.	at another time
anon	adv.	(old-fashioned or informal) in a little while
anonymity	n.	the state of being anonymous
anonymous	adj.	having no known name or identity or known source
anonymous	adj.	not known or lacking marked individuality
anopheles	n.	malaria mosquitoes; distinguished by the adult's head-downward stance and absence of breathing tubes in the larvae
anorak	n.	a kind of heavy jacket (`windcheater' is a British term)
anorectic	n.	a person suffering from anorexia nervosa
anorectic	adj.	suffering from anorexia nervosa; pathologically thin
anorectic	adj.	causing loss of appetite
anorexia	n.	a prolonged disorder of eating due to loss of appetite
anorexic	n.	a person suffering from anorexia nervosa
anorexic	adj.	suffering from anorexia nervosa; pathologically thin
another	adj.	any of various alternatives; some other
anouilh	n.	French dramatist noted for his reinterpretations of Greek myths (1910-1987)
anselm	n.	an Italian who was a Benedictine monk; was archbishop of Canterbury from 1093 to 1109; one of the founders of scholasticism; best known for his proof of the existence of God
answer	n.	a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation
answer	n.	a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem
answer	n.	the speech act of replying to a question
answer	n.	the principal pleading by the defendant in response to plaintiff's complaint; in criminal law it consists of the defendant's plea of `guilty' or `not guilty' (or nolo contendere); in civil law it must contain denials of all allegations in the plaintiff's complaint that the defendant hopes to controvert and it can contain affirmative defenses or counterclaims
answer	n.	a nonverbal reaction
answer	v.	react verbally
answer	v.	respond to a signal
answer	v.	give the correct answer or solution to
answer	v.	understand the meaning of
answer	v.	give a defence or refutation of (a charge) or in (an argument)
answer	v.	be liable or accountable
answer	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
answer	v.	match or correspond
answer	v.	be satisfactory for; meet the requirements of or serve the purpose of
answer	v.	react to a stimulus or command
answerable	adj.	capable of being answered
answerable	adj.	morally or legally responsible to a higher authority
answered	v.	react verbally
answered	v.	respond to a signal
answered	v.	give the correct answer or solution to
answered	v.	understand the meaning of
answered	v.	give a defence or refutation of (a charge) or in (an argument)
answered	v.	be liable or accountable
answered	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
answered	v.	match or correspond
answered	v.	be satisfactory for; meet the requirements of or serve the purpose of
answered	v.	react to a stimulus or command
ant	n.	social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and fertile queen have wings during breeding season; wingless sterile females are the workers
antacid	n.	an agent that counteracts or neutralizes acidity (especially in the stomach)
antacid	adj.	acting to neutralize acid (especially in the stomach)
antagonism	n.	a state of deep-seated ill-will
antagonism	n.	the relation between opposing principles or forces or factors
antagonism	n.	an actively expressed feeling of dislike and hostility
antagonism	n.	(biochemistry) interference in or inhibition of the physiological action of a chemical substance by another having a similar structure
antagonist	n.	someone who offers opposition
antagonist	n.	a muscle that relaxes while another contracts
antagonist	n.	a drug that neutralizes or counteracts the effects of another drug
antagonistic	adj.	indicating opposition or resistance
antagonistic	adj.	characterized by antagonism or antipathy
antagonistic	adj.	arousing animosity or hostility
antagonistic	adj.	used especially of drugs or muscles that counteract or neutralize each other's effect
antagonistic	adj.	incapable of harmonious association
antagonistically	adv.	in an antagonistic manner
antagonize	v.	provoke the hostility of
antagonize	v.	act in opposition to
antananarivo	n.	the capital and largest city of Madagascar
antarctic	n.	the region around the south pole: Antarctica and surrounding waters
antarctic	adj.	at or near the south pole
antarctica	n.	an extremely cold continent at the south pole almost entirely below the Antarctic Circle; covered by an ice cap up to 13,000 feet deep
antares	n.	the brightest star in Scorpius
ante	n.	(poker) the initial contribution that each player makes to the pot
ante	v.	place one's stake
anteater	n.	toothless mammal of southern Africa and Asia having a body covered with horny scales and a long snout for feeding on ants and termites
anteater	n.	any of several tropical American mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae which lack teeth and feed on ants and termites
anteater	n.	nocturnal burrowing mammal of the grasslands of Africa that feeds on termites; sole extant representative of the order Tubulidentata
anteater	n.	small Australian marsupial having long snout and strong claws for feeding on termites; nearly extinct
anteater	n.	a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to New Guinea
anteater	n.	a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to Australia
antebellum	adj.	belonging to a period before a war especially the American Civil War
antecedence	n.	preceding in time
antecedent	n.	someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent)
antecedent	n.	a preceding occurrence or cause or event
antecedent	n.	anything that precedes something similar in time
antecedent	n.	the referent of an anaphor; a phrase or clause that is referred to by an anaphoric pronoun
antecedent	adj.	preceding in time or order
antechamber	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
antedate	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
antedate	v.	establish something as being earlier relative to something else
antediluvian	n.	any of the early patriarchs who lived prior to the Noachian deluge
antediluvian	n.	a very old person
antediluvian	adj.	of or relating to the period before the biblical flood
antediluvian	adj.	so extremely old as seeming to belong to an earlier period
anteing	v.	place one's stake
antelope	n.	graceful Old World ruminant with long legs and horns directed upward and backward; includes gazelles; springboks; impalas; addax; gerenuks; blackbucks; dik-diks
antenatal	adj.	occurring or existing before birth
antenna	n.	an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals
antenna	n.	sensitivity similar to that of a receptor organ
antenna	n.	one of a pair of mobile appendages on the head of e.g. insects and crustaceans; typically sensitive to touch and taste
antennae	n.	an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals
antennae	n.	sensitivity similar to that of a receptor organ
antennae	n.	one of a pair of mobile appendages on the head of e.g. insects and crustaceans; typically sensitive to touch and taste
anterior	n.	a tooth situated at the front of the mouth
anterior	adj.	of or near the head end or toward the front plane of a body
anterior	adj.	earlier in time
anteroom	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
anthem	n.	a song of devotion or loyalty (as to a nation or school)
anthem	n.	a song of praise (to God or to a saint or to a nation)
anther	n.	the part of the stamen that contains pollen; usually borne on a stalk
anthill	n.	a mound of earth made by ants as they dig their nest
anthologist	n.	an editor who makes selections for an anthology
anthologize	v.	compile an anthology
anthology	n.	a collection of selected literary passages
anthony	n.	Roman general under Julius Caesar in the Gallic wars; repudiated his wife for the Egyptian queen Cleopatra; they were defeated by Octavian at Actium (83-30 BC)
anthony	n.	United States suffragist (1820-1906)
anthracite	n.	a hard natural coal that burns slowly and gives intense heat
anthrax	n.	a highly infectious animal disease (especially cattle and sheep); it can be transmitted to people
anthrax	n.	a disease of humans that is not communicable; caused by infection with Bacillus anthracis followed by septicemia
anthropocentric	adj.	human-centered
anthropoid	n.	person who resembles a nonhuman primate
anthropoid	n.	any member of the suborder Anthropoidea including monkeys and apes and hominids
anthropoid	adj.	resembling apes
anthropoid	adj.	resembling human beings
anthropological	adj.	of or concerned with the science of anthropology
anthropologist	n.	a social scientist who specializes in anthropology
anthropology	n.	the social science that studies the origins and social relationships of human beings
anthropomorphic	adj.	suggesting human characteristics for animals or inanimate things
anthropomorphism	n.	the representation of objects (especially a god) as having human form or traits
anthropomorphize	v.	ascribe human features to something
anthropomorphous	adj.	suggesting human characteristics for animals or inanimate things
anti	n.	a person who is opposed (to an action or policy or practice etc.)
anti	adj.	not in favor of (an action or proposal etc.)
antiaircraft	n.	artillery designed to shoot upward at airplanes
antiaircraft	adj.	designed for defense from a surface position against air attack
antibacterial	n.	any drug that destroys bacteria or inhibits their growth
antibacterial	adj.	destroying bacteria or inhibiting their growth
antibiotic	n.	a chemical substance derivable from a mold or bacterium that can kill microorganisms and cure bacterial infections
antibiotic	adj.	of or relating to antibiotic drugs
antibody	n.	any of a large variety of proteins normally present in the body or produced in response to an antigen which it neutralizes, thus producing an immune response
antic	n.	a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement
antic	v.	act as or like a clown
antic	adj.	ludicrously odd
anticancer	adj.	used in the treatment of cancer
antichrist	n.	(Christianity) the adversary of Christ (or Christianity) mentioned in the New Testament; the Antichrist will rule the world until overthrown by the Second Coming of Christ
anticipate	v.	regard something as probable or likely
anticipate	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
anticipate	v.	realize beforehand
anticipate	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
anticipate	v.	be excited or anxious about
anticipate	v.	be a forerunner of or occur earlier than
anticipated	v.	regard something as probable or likely
anticipated	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
anticipated	v.	realize beforehand
anticipated	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
anticipated	v.	be excited or anxious about
anticipated	v.	be a forerunner of or occur earlier than
anticipated	adj.	expected hopefully
anticipation	n.	an expectation
anticipation	n.	something expected (as on the basis of a norm)
anticipation	n.	the act of predicting (as by reasoning about the future)
anticipation	n.	anticipating with confidence of fulfillment
anticipatory	adj.	in anticipation
anticlimactic	adj.	of or relating to a sudden change from an impressive to a ludicrous style
anticlimactic	adj.	coming after the climax especially of a dramatic or narrative plot
anticlimax	n.	a disappointing decline after a previous rise
anticlimax	n.	a change from a serious subject to a disappointing one
anticlockwise	adj.	in the direction opposite to the rotation of the hands of a clock
anticlockwise	adv.	in a direction opposite to the direction in which the hands of a clock move
anticoagulant	n.	medicine that prevents or retards the clotting of blood
anticyclone	n.	(meteorology) winds spiraling outward from a high pressure center; circling clockwise in the northern hemisphere and counterclockwise in the southern
anticyclonic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the atmosphere around a high pressure center
antidepressant	n.	any of a class of drugs used to treat depression; often have undesirable side effects
antidote	n.	a remedy that stops or controls the effects of a poison
antiferromagnetic	adj.	relating to antiferromagnetism
antifreeze	n.	a liquid added to the water in a cooling system to lower its freezing point
antigen	n.	any substance (as a toxin or enzyme) that stimulates an immune response in the body (especially the production of antibodies)
antigenic	adj.	of or relating to antigens
antigone	n.	(Greek mythology) the daughter of King Oedipus who disobeyed her father and was condemned to death
antigua	n.	the largest of the islands comprising Antigua and Barbuda
antihero	n.	a protagonist who lacks the characteristics that would make him a hero (or her a heroine)
antiheroes	n.	a protagonist who lacks the characteristics that would make him a hero (or her a heroine)
antihistamine	n.	a medicine used to treat allergies and hypersensitive reactions and colds; works by counteracting the effects of histamine on a receptor site
antiknock	n.	any of various compounds that are added to gasoline to reduce engine knocking
antiknock	adj.	suppressing or eliminating engine knock in combustion engines
antilles	n.	a group of islands in the West Indies
antilogarithm	n.	the number of which a given number is the logarithm
antimacassar	n.	a piece of ornamented cloth that protects the back of a chair from hair oils
antimalarial	n.	a medicinal drug used to prevent or treat malaria
antimatter	n.	matter consisting of elementary particles that are the antiparticles of those making up normal substances
antimicrobial	n.	an agent (as heat or radiation or a chemical) that destroys microorganisms that might carry disease
antimicrobial	adj.	capable of destroying or inhibiting the growth of disease-causing microorganisms
antimony	n.	a metallic element having four allotropic forms; used in a wide variety of alloys; found in stibnite
antineutrino	n.	the antiparticle of a neutrino
antineutron	n.	the antiparticle of a neutron
antioch	n.	a town in southern Turkey; ancient commercial center and capital of Syria; an early center of Christianity
antioxidant	n.	substance that inhibits oxidation or inhibits reactions promoted by oxygen or peroxides
antiparticle	n.	a particle that has the same mass as another particle but has opposite values for its other properties; interaction of a particle and its antiparticle results in annihilation and the production of radiant energy
antipasto	n.	a course of appetizers in an Italian meal
antipathetic	adj.	(usually followed by `to') strongly opposed
antipathetic	adj.	characterized by antagonism or antipathy
antipathy	n.	a feeling of intense dislike
antipathy	n.	the object of a feeling of intense aversion; something to be avoided
antipersonnel	adj.	designed to inflict death or personal injury rather than material destruction
antiperspirant	n.	an astringent substance applied to the skin to reduce perspiration
antiphon	n.	a verse or song to be chanted or sung in response
antiphonal	n.	bound collection of antiphons
antiphonal	adj.	containing or using responses; alternating
antiphonal	adj.	relating to or resembling an antiphon or antiphony
antipodal	n.	the relation of opposition along a diameter
antipodal	adj.	relating to the antipodes or situated at opposite sides of the earth
antipodean	adj.	relating to the antipodes or situated at opposite sides of the earth
antipodes	n.	any two places or regions on diametrically opposite sides of the Earth
antipodes	n.	direct opposite
antipollution	adj.	intended to reduce pollution
antiproton	n.	an unstable negatively charged proton; the antiparticle of a proton
antiquarian	n.	an expert or collector of antiquities
antiquarian	adj.	of or relating to persons who study or deal in antiques or antiquities
antiquarian	adj.	of or relating to antiques or antiquities
antiquary	n.	an expert or collector of antiquities
antiquate	v.	make obsolete or old-fashioned
antiquate	v.	give an antique appearance to
antique	n.	an elderly man
antique	n.	any piece of furniture or decorative object or the like produced in a former period and valuable because of its beauty or rarity
antique	v.	shop for antiques
antique	v.	give an antique appearance to
antique	adj.	made in or typical of earlier times and valued for its age
antique	adj.	out of fashion
antique	adj.	belonging to or lasting from times long ago
antiquity	n.	the historic period preceding the Middle Ages in Europe
antiquity	n.	extreme oldness
antiquity	n.	an artifact surviving from the past
antirrhinum	n.	a genus of herbs of the family Scrophulariaceae with brightly colored irregular flowers
antisemitic	adj.	relating to or characterized by anti-Semitism; hating Jews
antisemitism	n.	the intense dislike for and prejudice against Jewish people
antisepsis	n.	(of non-living objects) the state of being free of pathogenic organisms
antisepsis	n.	the process of inhibiting the growth and multiplication of microorganisms
antiseptic	n.	a substance that destroys micro-organisms that carry disease without harming body tissues
antiseptic	adj.	thoroughly clean and free of or destructive to disease-causing organisms
antiseptic	adj.	clean and honest
antiseptic	adj.	freeing from error or corruption
antiseptic	adj.	devoid of objectionable language
antiserum	n.	blood serum containing antibodies against specific antigens; provides immunity to a disease
antisocial	adj.	shunning contact with others
antisocial	adj.	hostile to or disruptive of normal standards of social behavior
antispasmodic	n.	a drug used to relieve or prevent spasms (especially of the smooth muscles)
antisubmarine	adj.	defensive against enemy submarines
antitank	adj.	designed for defense against armored vehicles
antitheses	n.	exact opposite
antitheses	n.	the juxtaposition of contrasting words or ideas to give a feeling of balance
antithesis	n.	exact opposite
antithesis	n.	the juxtaposition of contrasting words or ideas to give a feeling of balance
antithetic	adj.	sharply contrasted in character or purpose
antithetical	adj.	sharply contrasted in character or purpose
antitoxin	n.	an antibody that can neutralize a specific toxin
antitrust	adj.	of laws and regulations; designed to protect trade and commerce from unfair business practices
antivenin	n.	an antitoxin that counteracts the effects of venom from the bite of a snake or insect or other animal
antiviral	n.	any drug that destroys viruses
antiviral	adj.	inhibiting or stopping the growth and reproduction of viruses
antler	n.	deciduous horn of a member of the deer family
antofagasta	n.	a port city on the Pacific in northern Chile
antoninus	n.	Emperor of Rome; nephew and son-in-law and adoptive son of Antonius Pius; Stoic philosopher; the decline of the Roman Empire began under Marcus Aurelius (121-180)
antonius	n.	Roman general under Julius Caesar in the Gallic wars; repudiated his wife for the Egyptian queen Cleopatra; they were defeated by Octavian at Actium (83-30 BC)
antony	n.	Roman general under Julius Caesar in the Gallic wars; repudiated his wife for the Egyptian queen Cleopatra; they were defeated by Octavian at Actium (83-30 BC)
antonym	n.	a word that expresses a meaning opposed to the meaning of another word, in which case the two words are antonyms of each other
antonymous	adj.	of words: having opposite meanings
antrum	n.	a natural cavity or hollow in a bone
antsy	adj.	nervous and unable to relax
antwerp	n.	a busy port and financial center in northern Belgium on the Scheldt river; it has long been a center for the diamond industry and the first stock exchange was opened there in 1460
anubis	n.	Egyptian god of tombs and ruler of the underworld; usually depicted as a man with the head of a jackal
anus	n.	the excretory opening at the end of the alimentary canal
anvil	n.	a heavy block of iron or steel on which hot metals are shaped by hammering
anvil	n.	the ossicle between the malleus and the stapes
anxiety	n.	(psychiatry) a relatively permanent state of worry and nervousness occurring in a variety of mental disorders, usually accompanied by compulsive behavior or attacks of panic
anxiety	n.	a vague unpleasant emotion that is experienced in anticipation of some (usually ill-defined) misfortune
anxious	adj.	eagerly desirous
anxious	adj.	causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
anxiousness	n.	(psychiatry) a relatively permanent state of worry and nervousness occurring in a variety of mental disorders, usually accompanied by compulsive behavior or attacks of panic
anxiousness	n.	a feeling of mild anxiety about possible developments
any	adj.	one or some or every or all without specification
any	adv.	to any degree or extent
anyhow	adv.	used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement
anyhow	adv.	in any way whatsoever
anymore	adv.	at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative
anyplace	adv.	at or in or to any place; ; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere')
anyway	adv.	used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement
anyway	adv.	in any way whatsoever
anywhere	adv.	at or in or to any place; ; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere')
anzac	n.	a soldier in the Australian and New Zealand army corps during World War I
aorta	n.	the large trunk artery that carries blood from the left ventricle of the heart to branch arteries
aortic	adj.	of or relating to the aorta
apace	adv.	with rapid movements
apache	n.	any member of Athapaskan tribes that migrated to the southwestern desert (from Arizona to Texas and south into Mexico); fought a losing battle from 1861 to 1886 with the United States and were resettled in Oklahoma
apache	n.	a Parisian gangster
apache	n.	the language of the Apache
apalachicola	n.	a river in northwestern Florida formed by the confluence of the Chattahoochee River and the Flint River at the Florida border
apart	adj.	remote and separate physically or socially; ; - W.H.Hudson
apart	adj.	having characteristics not shared by others; - Vannever Bush
apart	adv.	separated or at a distance in place or position or time
apart	adv.	not taken into account or excluded from consideration
apart	adv.	away from another or others
apart	adv.	placed or kept separate and distinct as for a purpose
apart	adv.	one from the other
apart	adv.	into parts or pieces
apartheid	n.	a social policy or racial segregation involving political and economic and legal discrimination against people who are not Whites; the former official policy in South Africa
apartment	n.	a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house
apathetic	adj.	showing little or no emotion or animation
apathetic	adj.	marked by a lack of interest
apathetically	adv.	in an apathetic manner
apathy	n.	an absence of emotion or enthusiasm
apathy	n.	the trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally
apatite	n.	a common complex mineral consisting of calcium fluoride phosphate or calcium chloride phosphate; a source of phosphorus
apatosaurus	n.	huge quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur common in North America in the late Jurassic
apc	n.	(military) an armored vehicle (usually equipped with caterpillar treads) that is used to transport infantry
apc	n.	a drug combination found in some over-the-counter headache remedies (aspirin and phenacetin and caffeine)
ape	n.	any of various primates with short tails or no tail at all
ape	n.	someone who copies the words or behavior of another
ape	n.	person who resembles a nonhuman primate
ape	v.	imitate uncritically and in every aspect
ape	v.	represent in or produce a caricature of
apelike	adj.	resembling apes
apelike	adj.	being or given to servile imitation
apennines	n.	a mountain range extending the length of the Italian peninsula
aperitif	n.	alcoholic beverage taken before a meal as an appetizer
aperture	n.	a device that controls amount of light admitted
aperture	n.	a natural opening in something
aperture	n.	an man-made opening; usually small
apex	n.	the highest point (of something)
apex	n.	the point on the celestial sphere toward which the sun and solar system appear to be moving relative to the fixed stars
aphasia	n.	inability to use or understand language (spoken or written) because of a brain lesion
aphasic	n.	someone affected by aphasia or inability to use or understand language
aphasic	adj.	related to or affected by aphasia
aphasic	adj.	unable to speak because of a brain lesion
aphelia	n.	apoapsis in solar orbit; the point in the orbit of a planet or comet that is at the greatest distance from the sun
aphelion	n.	apoapsis in solar orbit; the point in the orbit of a planet or comet that is at the greatest distance from the sun
aphid	n.	any of various small plant-sucking insects
aphorism	n.	a short pithy instructive saying
aphoristic	adj.	containing aphorisms or maxims
aphoristic	adj.	terse and witty and like a maxim
aphrodisiac	n.	a drug or other agent that stimulates sexual desire
aphrodisiac	adj.	exciting sexual desire
aphrodite	n.	goddess of love and beauty and daughter of Zeus in ancient mythology; identified with Roman Venus
apia	n.	the capital of Western Samoa
apiarist	n.	a farmer who keeps bees for their honey
apiary	n.	a shed containing a number of beehives
apical	adj.	situated at an apex
apiece	adv.	to or from every one of two or more (considered individually)
apish	adj.	being or given to servile imitation
aplomb	n.	great coolness and composure under strain
apocalypse	n.	a cosmic cataclysm in which God destroys the ruling powers of evil
apocalypse	n.	the last book of the New Testament; contains visionary descriptions of heaven and of conflicts between good and evil and of the end of the world; attributed to Saint John the Apostle
apocalyptic	adj.	prophetic of devastation or ultimate doom
apocalyptic	adj.	of or relating to an apocalypse
apocrypha	n.	14 books of the Old Testament included in the Vulgate (except for II Esdras) but omitted in Jewish and Protestant versions of the Bible; eastern Christian churches (except the Coptic Church) accept all these books as canonical; the Russian Orthodox Church accepts these texts as divinely inspired but does not grant them the same status
apocryphal	adj.	being of questionable authenticity
apocryphal	adj.	of or belonging to the Apocrypha
apogee	n.	a final climactic stage
apogee	n.	apoapsis in Earth orbit; the point in its orbit where a satellite is at the greatest distance from the Earth
apolitical	adj.	politically neutral
apollinaire	n.	French poet; precursor of surrealism (1880-1918)
apollo	n.	(Greek mythology) Greek god of light; god of prophecy and poetry and music and healing; son of Zeus and Leto; twin brother of Artemis
apologetic	adj.	offering or expressing apology
apologetically	adv.	in an apologetic manner
apologia	n.	a formal written defense of something you believe in strongly
apologist	n.	a person who argues to defend or justify some policy or institution
apologize	v.	acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing
apologize	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
apology	n.	an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone
apology	n.	a formal written defense of something you believe in strongly
apology	n.	a poor example
apoplectic	adj.	pertaining to or characteristic of apoplexy
apoplexy	n.	a sudden loss of consciousness resulting when the rupture or occlusion of a blood vessel leads to oxygen lack in the brain
apoptosis	n.	a type of cell death in which the cell uses specialized cellular machinery to kill itself; a cell suicide mechanism that enables metazoans to control cell number and eliminate cells that threaten the animal's survival
apostasy	n.	the state of having rejected your religious beliefs or your political party or a cause (often in favor of opposing beliefs or causes)
apostasy	n.	the act of abandoning a party for cause
apostate	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
apostate	adj.	not faithful to religion or party or cause
apostatize	v.	abandon one's beliefs or allegiances
apostle	n.	an ardent early supporter of a cause or reform
apostle	n.	any important early teacher of Christianity or a Christian missionary to a people
apostle	n.	(New Testament) one of the original 12 disciples chosen by Christ to preach his gospel
apostleship	n.	the position of apostle
apostolic	adj.	of or relating to or deriving from the Apostles or their teachings
apostolic	adj.	proceeding from or ordered by or subject to a pope or the papacy regarded as the successor of the Apostles
apostrophe	n.	address to an absent or imaginary person
apostrophe	n.	the mark (') used to indicate the omission of one or more letters from a printed word
apothecary	n.	a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs
apothegm	n.	a short pithy instructive saying
apotheoses	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
apotheoses	n.	the elevation of a person (as to the status of a god)
apotheoses	v.	deify or glorify
apotheosis	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
apotheosis	n.	the elevation of a person (as to the status of a god)
appalachia	n.	an impoverished coal mining area in the Appalachian Mountains (from Pennsylvania to North Carolina)
appalachian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Appalachia
appalachian	adj.	in or relating to Appalachia
appalachians	n.	a mountain range in the eastern United States extending from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico; a historic barrier to early westward expansion of the United States
appalachians	n.	a native or inhabitant of Appalachia
appall	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
appall	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
appalling	n.	an experience that appalls
appalling	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
appalling	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
appalling	adj.	causing consternation
appaloosa	n.	a hardy breed of saddle horse developed in western North America and characteristically having a spotted rump
apparatchik	n.	a humorous but derogatory term for an official of a large organization (especially a political organization)
apparatchik	n.	a communist who was a member of the administrative system of a communist party
apparatus	n.	equipment designed to serve a specific function
apparatus	n.	(anatomy) a group of body parts that work together to perform a given function
apparel	n.	clothing in general
apparel	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
apparent	adj.	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
apparent	adj.	appearing as such but not necessarily so
apparition	n.	a ghostly appearing figure
apparition	n.	the appearance of a ghostlike figure
apparition	n.	something existing in perception only
apparition	n.	an act of appearing or becoming visible unexpectedly
appeal	n.	earnest or urgent request
appeal	n.	attractiveness that interests or pleases or stimulates
appeal	n.	(law) a legal proceeding in which the appellant resorts to a higher court for the purpose of obtaining a review of a lower court decision and a reversal of the lower court's judgment or the granting of a new trial
appeal	n.	request for a sum of money
appeal	v.	take a court case to a higher court for review
appeal	v.	request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection
appeal	v.	be attractive to
appeal	v.	challenge (a decision)
appeal	v.	cite as an authority; resort to
appealing	v.	take a court case to a higher court for review
appealing	v.	request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection
appealing	v.	be attractive to
appealing	v.	challenge (a decision)
appealing	v.	cite as an authority; resort to
appealing	adj.	able to attract interest or draw favorable attention; - Vincent Starrett
appealing	adj.	(of characters in literature or drama) evoking empathic or sympathetic feelings
appear	v.	give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
appear	v.	come into sight or view
appear	v.	be issued or published
appear	v.	seem to be true, probable, or apparent
appear	v.	come into being or existence, or appear on the scene
appear	v.	appear as a character on stage or appear in a play, etc.
appear	v.	present oneself formally, as before a (judicial) authority
appearance	n.	outward or visible aspect of a person or thing
appearance	n.	the event of coming into sight
appearance	n.	formal attendance (in court or at a hearing) of a party in an action
appearance	n.	a mental representation
appearance	n.	the act of appearing in public view
appearance	n.	pretending that something is the case in order to make a good impression
appease	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
appease	v.	overcome or allay
appease	v.	make peace with
appeasement	n.	the act of appeasing (as by acceding to the demands of)
appeaser	n.	someone who tries to bring peace by acceding to demands; --Winston Churchill
appellant	n.	the party who appeals a decision of a lower court
appellant	adj.	of or relating to or taking account of appeals (usually legal appeals)
appellate	adj.	of or relating to or taking account of appeals (usually legal appeals)
appellation	n.	identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others
append	v.	add to the very end
append	v.	fix to; attach
append	v.	state or say further
appendage	n.	an external body part that projects from the body
appendage	n.	a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant
appendage	n.	a part that is joined to something larger
appendectomy	n.	surgical removal of the vermiform appendix
appendices	n.	supplementary material that is collected and appended at the back of a book
appendices	n.	a vestigial process that extends from the lower end of the cecum and that resembles a small pouch
appendicitis	n.	inflammation of the vermiform appendix
appendix	n.	supplementary material that is collected and appended at the back of a book
appendix	n.	a vestigial process that extends from the lower end of the cecum and that resembles a small pouch
appertain	v.	be a part or attribute of
appetite	n.	a feeling of craving something; ; - Granville Hicks
appetizer	n.	food or drink to stimulate the appetite (usually served before a meal or as the first course)
appetizing	adj.	appealing to or stimulating the appetite especially in appearance or aroma
applaud	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
applaud	v.	express approval of
applauder	n.	someone who applauds
applause	n.	a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together
apple	n.	fruit with red or yellow or green skin and sweet to tart crisp whitish flesh
apple	n.	native Eurasian tree widely cultivated in many varieties for its firm rounded edible fruits
applejack	n.	distilled from hard cider
applesauce	n.	puree of stewed apples usually sweetened and spiced
applesauce	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
applet	n.	a Java application; an application program that uses the client's web browser to provide a user interface
appleton	n.	English physicist remembered for his studies of the ionosphere (1892-1966)
appleton	n.	a town in eastern Wisconsin
appliance	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
appliance	n.	durable goods for home or office use
applicability	n.	relevance by virtue of being applicable to the matter at hand
applicable	adj.	capable of being applied; having relevance
applicant	n.	a person who requests or seeks something such as assistance or employment or admission
application	n.	the act of bringing something to bear; using it for a particular purpose
application	n.	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school
application	n.	the work of applying something
application	n.	a program that gives a computer instructions that provide the user with tools to accomplish a task
application	n.	liquid preparation having a soothing or antiseptic or medicinal action when applied to the skin
application	n.	a diligent effort
application	n.	the action of putting something into operation
applicator	n.	a device for applying a substance
applier	n.	a person who requests or seeks something such as assistance or employment or admission
applier	n.	a device for applying a substance
applique	n.	a decorative design made of one material sewn over another
applique	v.	sew on as a decoration
appliqueing	v.	sew on as a decoration
apply	v.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
apply	v.	be pertinent or relevant or applicable
apply	v.	ask (for something)
apply	v.	apply to a surface
apply	v.	be applicable to; as to an analysis
apply	v.	give or convey physically
apply	v.	avail oneself to
apply	v.	ensure observance of laws and rules
apply	v.	refer (a word or name) to a person or thing
apply	v.	apply oneself to
appoint	v.	create and charge with a task or function
appoint	v.	assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to
appoint	v.	furnish
appointee	n.	an official who is appointed
appointee	n.	a person who is appointed to a job or position
appointment	n.	the act of putting a person into a non-elective position
appointment	n.	a meeting arranged in advance
appointment	n.	(usually plural) furnishings and equipment (especially for a ship or hotel)
appointment	n.	a person who is appointed to a job or position
appointment	n.	the job to which you are (or hope to be) appointed
appointment	n.	(law) the act of disposing of property by virtue of the power of appointment
apportion	v.	distribute according to a plan or set apart for a special purpose
apportion	v.	give out as one's portion or share
apportionment	n.	the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
appose	v.	place side by side or in close proximity
apposite	adj.	being of striking appropriateness and pertinence
appositeness	n.	appropriateness for the occasion
apposition	n.	a grammatical relation between a word and a noun phrase that follows
apposition	n.	(biology) growth in the thickness of a cell wall by the deposit of successive layers of material
apposition	n.	the act of positioning close together (or side by side)
appositive	adj.	relating to or being in apposition
appraisal	n.	the classification of someone or something with respect to its worth
appraisal	n.	a document appraising the value of something (as for insurance or taxation)
appraisal	n.	an expert estimation of the quality, quantity, and other characteristics of someone or something
appraise	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
appraise	v.	consider in a comprehensive way
appraiser	n.	one who estimates officially the worth or value or quality of things
appraiser	n.	one who determines authenticity (as of works of art) or who guarantees validity
appreciable	adj.	enough to be estimated or measured
appreciably	adv.	to a noticeable degree
appreciate	v.	recognize with gratitude; be grateful for
appreciate	v.	be fully aware of; realize fully
appreciate	v.	hold dear
appreciate	v.	gain in value
appreciate	v.	increase the value of
appreciated	v.	recognize with gratitude; be grateful for
appreciated	v.	be fully aware of; realize fully
appreciated	v.	hold dear
appreciated	v.	gain in value
appreciated	v.	increase the value of
appreciated	adj.	fully understood or grasped
appreciation	n.	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something
appreciation	n.	delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values)
appreciation	n.	an expression of gratitude
appreciation	n.	a favorable judgment
appreciation	n.	an increase in price or value
appreciative	adj.	feeling or expressive of gratitude
appreciative	adj.	having or showing appreciation or a favorable critical judgment or opinion
appreciator	n.	a person who is fully aware of something and understands it
apprehend	v.	get the meaning of something
apprehend	v.	take into custody
apprehend	v.	anticipate with dread or anxiety
apprehension	n.	fearful expectation or anticipation
apprehension	n.	the cognitive condition of someone who understands
apprehension	n.	painful expectation
apprehension	n.	the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal)
apprehensive	adj.	quick to understand; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
apprehensive	adj.	mentally upset over possible misfortune or danger etc
apprehensive	adj.	in fear or dread of possible evil or harm
apprehensiveness	n.	fearful expectation or anticipation
apprentice	n.	works for an expert to learn a trade
apprentice	v.	be or work as an apprentice
apprenticeship	n.	the position of apprentice
apprise	v.	inform (somebody) of something
apprise	v.	make aware of
apprise	v.	gain in value
apprise	v.	increase the value of
apprize	v.	inform (somebody) of something
apprize	v.	make aware of
apprize	v.	gain in value
apprize	v.	increase the value of
approach	n.	ideas or actions intended to deal with a problem or situation
approach	n.	the act of drawing spatially closer to something
approach	n.	a way of entering or leaving
approach	n.	the final path followed by an aircraft as it is landing
approach	n.	the event of one object coming closer to another
approach	n.	a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others
approach	n.	the temporal property of becoming nearer in time
approach	n.	a close approximation
approach	n.	a relatively short golf shot intended to put the ball onto the putting green
approach	v.	move towards
approach	v.	come near or verge on, resemble, come nearer in quality, or character
approach	v.	begin to deal with
approach	v.	come near in time
approach	v.	make advances to someone, usually with a proposal or suggestion
approachable	adj.	capable of being read with comprehension
approachable	adj.	easy to meet or converse or do business with
approachable	adj.	easily approached
approbation	n.	official approval
approbation	n.	official recognition or approval
approbations	n.	official approval
approbations	n.	official recognition or approval
appropriate	v.	give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
appropriate	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
appropriate	adj.	suitable for a particular person or place or condition etc
appropriated	v.	give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
appropriated	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
appropriateness	n.	appropriate conduct; doing the right thing
appropriateness	n.	the quality of being specially suitable
appropriation	n.	money set aside (as by a legislature) for a specific purpose
appropriation	n.	incorporation by joining or uniting
appropriation	n.	a deliberate act of acquisition of something, often without the permission of the owner
appropriator	n.	someone who takes for his or her own use (especially without permission)
approval	n.	the formal act of approving
approval	n.	a feeling of liking something or someone good
approval	n.	acceptance as satisfactory
approval	n.	a message expressing a favorable opinion
approvals	n.	the formal act of approving
approvals	n.	a feeling of liking something or someone good
approvals	n.	acceptance as satisfactory
approvals	n.	a message expressing a favorable opinion
approve	v.	give sanction to
approve	v.	judge to be right or commendable; think well of
approved	v.	give sanction to
approved	v.	judge to be right or commendable; think well of
approved	adj.	established by authority; given authoritative approval
approving	n.	the formal act of approving
approving	v.	give sanction to
approving	v.	judge to be right or commendable; think well of
approving	adj.	expressing or manifesting praise or approval
approximate	v.	be close or similar
approximate	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
approximate	adj.	not quite exact or correct
approximate	adj.	very close in resemblance
approximate	adj.	located close together
approximation	n.	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
approximation	n.	the quality of coming near to identity (especially close in quantity)
approximation	n.	an imprecise or incomplete account
approximation	n.	the act of bringing near or bringing together especially the cut edges of tissue
appurtenance	n.	equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.
appurtenance	n.	a supplementary component that improves capability
appurtenant	adj.	furnishing added support
apr	n.	the month following March and preceding May
apricot	n.	Asian tree having clusters of usually white blossoms and edible fruit resembling the peach
apricot	n.	downy yellow to rosy-colored fruit resembling a small peach
apricot	n.	a shade of pink tinged with yellow
april	n.	the month following March and preceding May
apron	n.	a garment of cloth or leather or plastic that is tied about the waist and worn to protect your clothing
apron	n.	(golf) the part of the fairway leading onto the green
apron	n.	the part of a modern theater stage between the curtain and the orchestra (i.e., in front of the curtain)
apron	n.	a paved surface where aircraft stand while not being used
apropos	adj.	of an appropriate or pertinent nature
apropos	adv.	at an opportune time
apropos	adv.	introducing a different topic; in point of fact
apse	n.	a domed or vaulted recess or projection on a building especially the east end of a church; usually contains the altar
apt	adj.	(usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward
apt	adj.	at risk of or subject to experiencing something usually unpleasant
apt	adj.	mentally quick and resourceful; ; -Bram Stoker
apt	adj.	being of striking appropriateness and pertinence
apter	adj.	(usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward
apter	adj.	at risk of or subject to experiencing something usually unpleasant
apter	adj.	mentally quick and resourceful; ; -Bram Stoker
apter	adj.	being of striking appropriateness and pertinence
aptitude	n.	inherent ability
aptness	n.	a disposition to behave in a certain way
aptness	n.	appropriateness for the occasion
aqua	n.	a shade of blue tinged with green
aquaculture	n.	rearing aquatic animals or cultivating aquatic plants for food
aqualung	n.	a device (trade name Aqua-Lung) that lets divers breathe under water; scuba is an acronym for self-contained underwater breathing apparatus
aquamarine	n.	a transparent variety of beryl that is blue green in color
aquamarine	n.	a shade of blue tinged with green
aquanaut	n.	an underwater swimmer equipped with a face mask and foot fins and either a snorkel or an air cylinder
aquanaut	n.	a skilled worker who can live in underwater installations and participate in scientific research
aquaplane	n.	a board that is pulled by a speedboat as a person stands on it and skims over the top of the water
aquaplane	v.	rise up onto a thin film of water between the tires and road so that there is no more contact with the road
aquaplane	v.	ride on an aquaplane
aquarium	n.	a tank or pool or bowl filled with water for keeping live fish and underwater animals
aquarius	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Aquarius
aquarius	n.	a zodiacal constellation in the southern hemisphere; between Capricornus and Pisces
aquarius	n.	the eleventh sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about January 20 to February 18
aquatic	n.	a plant that lives in or on water
aquatic	adj.	relating to or consisting of or being in water
aquatic	adj.	operating or living or growing in water
aquatics	n.	sports that involve bodies of water
aquatics	n.	a plant that lives in or on water
aquatint	n.	an etching made by a process that makes it resemble a water color
aquatint	n.	a method of etching that imitates the broad washes of a water color
aquatint	v.	etch in aquatint
aquavit	n.	Scandinavian liquor usually flavored with caraway seeds
aqueduct	n.	a conduit that resembles a bridge but carries water over a valley
aqueous	adj.	similar to or containing or dissolved in water
aqueous	adj.	produced by the action of water
aquifer	n.	underground bed or layer yielding ground water for wells and springs etc
aquila	n.	a constellation in the Milky Way near Cygnus; contains the star Altair
aquila	n.	the provincial capital of the Abruzzi region in central Italy
aquila	n.	a genus of Accipitridae
aquiline	adj.	curved down like an eagle's beak
aquinas	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) Italian theologian and Doctor of the Church who is remembered for his attempt to reconcile faith and reason in a comprehensive theology; presented philosophical proofs of the existence of God (1225-1274)
aquitaine	n.	a region of southwestern France between Bordeaux and the Pyrenees
ar	n.	a colorless and odorless inert gas; one of the six inert gases; comprises approximately 1% of the earth's atmosphere
ar	n.	a unit of surface area equal to 100 square meters
ar	n.	a state in south central United States; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
ara	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Telescopium and Norma
ara	n.	macaws
arab	n.	a member of a Semitic people originally from the Arabian peninsula and surrounding territories who speaks Arabic and who inhabits much of the Middle East and northern Africa
arab	n.	a spirited graceful and intelligent riding horse native to Arabia
arabesque	n.	position in which the dancer has one leg raised behind and arms outstretched in a conventional pose
arabesque	n.	an ornament that interlaces simulated foliage in an intricate design
arabia	n.	a peninsula between the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf; strategically important for its oil resources
arabian	n.	a member of a Semitic people originally from the Arabian peninsula and surrounding territories who speaks Arabic and who inhabits much of the Middle East and northern Africa
arabian	n.	a spirited graceful and intelligent riding horse native to Arabia
arabian	adj.	relating to or associated with Arabia or its people
arabian	adj.	of or relating to Arabian horses
arabic	n.	the Semitic language of the Arabs; spoken in a variety of dialects
arabic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Arabs
arability	n.	the quality of land that is appropriate for cultivation
arabist	n.	a scholar who specializes in Arab languages and culture
arachnid	n.	air-breathing arthropods characterized by simple eyes and four pairs of legs
arachnophobia	n.	a morbid fear of spiders
arafat	n.	Palestinian statesman who was chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization (1929-2004)
aragon	n.	French writer who generalized surrealism to literature (1897-1982)
aragon	n.	a region of northeastern Spain; a former kingdom that united with Castile in 1479 to form Spain (after the marriage of Ferdinand V and Isabella I)
araguaya	n.	a river in central Brazil that flows generally northward (with many falls) to join the Tocantins River
aramaic	n.	a Semitic language originally of the ancient Arameans but still spoken by other people in southwestern Asia
aramaic	n.	an alphabetical (or perhaps syllabic) script used since the 9th century BC to write the Aramaic language; many other scripts were subsequently derived from it
aramaic	adj.	of or relating to the ancient Aramaic languages
arapaho	n.	a member of a tribe of Plains Indians formerly inhabiting eastern Colorado and Wyoming (now living in Oklahoma and Wyoming)
arapaho	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Arapaho
arapahoes	n.	a member of a tribe of Plains Indians formerly inhabiting eastern Colorado and Wyoming (now living in Oklahoma and Wyoming)
arapahoes	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Arapaho
ararat	n.	the mountain peak that Noah's ark landed on as the waters of the great flood receded
arawak	n.	a member of a widespread group of Amerindians living in northeastern South America
arawak	n.	a family of South American Indian languages spoken in northeastern South America
arawakan	n.	a member of a widespread group of Amerindians living in northeastern South America
arawakan	n.	a family of South American Indian languages spoken in northeastern South America
arawakan	adj.	of or relating to the peoples who speak the language of the Arawak
arbiter	n.	someone with the power to settle matters at will
arbiter	n.	someone chosen to judge and decide a disputed issue
arbitrage	n.	a kind of hedged investment meant to capture slight differences in price; when there is a difference in the price of something on two different markets the arbitrageur simultaneously buys at the lower price and sells at the higher price
arbitrage	v.	practice arbitrage, as in the stock market
arbitrager	n.	someone who engages in arbitrage (who purchases securities in one market for immediate resale in another in the hope of profiting from the price differential)
arbitrageur	n.	someone who engages in arbitrage (who purchases securities in one market for immediate resale in another in the hope of profiting from the price differential)
arbitrament	n.	the act of deciding as an arbiter; giving authoritative judgment
arbitrarily	adv.	in a random manner
arbitrariness	n.	the trait of acting unpredictably and more from whim or caprice than from reason or judgment
arbitrary	adj.	based on or subject to individual discretion or preference or sometimes impulse or caprice
arbitrate	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
arbitration	n.	(law) the hearing and determination of a dispute by an impartial referee agreed to by both parties (often used to settle disputes between labor and management)
arbitration	n.	the act of deciding as an arbiter; giving authoritative judgment
arbitrator	n.	someone chosen to judge and decide a disputed issue
arbor	n.	tree (as opposed to shrub)
arbor	n.	any of various rotating shafts that serve as axes for larger rotating parts
arbor	n.	a framework that supports climbing plants
arboreal	adj.	of or relating to or formed by trees
arboreal	adj.	inhabiting or frequenting trees
arboreal	adj.	resembling a tree in form and branching structure
arboretum	n.	a facility where trees and shrubs are cultivated for exhibition
arborvitae	n.	any of several Asian and North American conifers of the genera Thuja and Thujopsis
arbutus	n.	any of several evergreen shrubs of the genus Arbutus of temperate Europe and America
arc	n.	electrical conduction through a gas in an applied electric field
arc	n.	a continuous portion of a circle
arc	n.	something curved in shape
arc	v.	form an arch or curve
arcade	n.	a covered passageway with shops and stalls on either side
arcade	n.	a structure composed of a series of arches supported by columns
arcadia	n.	a department of Greece in the central Peloponnese
arcadian	n.	an inhabitant of Arcadia
arcadian	adj.	(used with regard to idealized country life) idyllically rustic
arcane	adj.	requiring secret or mysterious knowledge
arch	n.	a curved shape in the vertical plane that spans an opening
arch	n.	a curved bony structure supporting or enclosing organs (especially the inner sides of the feet)
arch	n.	a passageway under a curved masonry construction
arch	n.	(architecture) a masonry construction (usually curved) for spanning an opening and supporting the weight above it
arch	v.	form an arch or curve
arch	adj.	(used of behavior or attitude) characteristic of those who treat others with condescension
arch	adj.	expert in skulduggery
arch	adj.	naughtily or annoyingly playful
archaeological	adj.	related to or dealing with or devoted to archaeology
archaeologist	n.	an anthropologist who studies prehistoric people and their culture
archaeology	n.	the branch of anthropology that studies prehistoric people and their cultures
archaic	adj.	so extremely old as seeming to belong to an earlier period
archaic	adj.	little evolved from or characteristic of an earlier ancestral type
archaism	n.	the use of an archaic expression
archaist	n.	a person who archaizes
archaist	n.	an expert or collector of antiquities
archangel	n.	an angel ranked above the highest rank in the celestial hierarchy
archangel	n.	a biennial cultivated herb; its stems are candied and eaten and its roots are used medicinally
archbishop	n.	a bishop of highest rank
archbishopric	n.	the territorial jurisdiction of an archbishop
archdeacon	n.	(Anglican Church) an ecclesiastical dignitary usually ranking just below a bishop
archdiocesan	adj.	of or relating to an archdiocese
archdiocese	n.	the diocese of an archbishop
archduchess	n.	a wife or widow of an archduke or a princess of the former ruling house of Austria
archduke	n.	a sovereign prince of the former ruling house of Austria
archean	n.	the time from 3,800 million years to 2,500 million years ago; earth's crust formed; unicellular organisms are earliest forms of life
archean	adj.	of or relating to the earliest known rocks formed during the Precambrian Eon
archer	n.	a person who is expert in the use of a bow and arrow
archer	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Sagittarius
archer	n.	the ninth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about November 22 to December 21
archery	n.	the sport of shooting arrows with a bow
archetypal	adj.	representing or constituting an original type after which other similar things are patterned
archetype	n.	something that serves as a model or a basis for making copies
archiepiscopal	adj.	of or associated with an archbishop
archimedes	n.	Greek mathematician and physicist noted for his work in hydrostatics and mechanics and geometry (287-212 BC)
archipelago	n.	a group of many islands in a large body of water
architect	n.	someone who creates plans to be used in making something (such as buildings)
architectonic	adj.	of or pertaining to construction or architecture
architectonics	n.	the science of architecture
architectural	adj.	of or pertaining to the art and science of architecture
architecture	n.	an architectural product or work
architecture	n.	the discipline dealing with the principles of design and construction and ornamentation of fine buildings
architecture	n.	the profession of designing buildings and environments with consideration for their esthetic effect
architecture	n.	(computer science) the structure and organization of a computer's hardware or system software
architrave	n.	the molding around a door or window
architrave	n.	the lowest part of an entablature; rests immediately on the capitals of the columns
archival	adj.	of or relating to or contained in or serving as an archive
archive	n.	a depository containing historical records and documents
archive	v.	put into an archive
archivist	n.	a person in charge of collecting and cataloguing archives
archness	n.	inappropriate playfulness
archway	n.	a passageway under a curved masonry construction
arctic	n.	the regions to the north of the Arctic Circle centered on the North Pole
arctic	n.	a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow
arctic	adj.	of or relating to the Arctic
arctic	adj.	extremely cold
arcturus	n.	the 4th brightest star and the brightest star in the constellation Bootes; 36 light-years from Earth
ardent	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
ardent	adj.	characterized by strong enthusiasm
ardent	adj.	glowing or shining like fire; - Alexander Pope
ardor	n.	a feeling of strong eagerness (usually in favor of a person or cause)
ardor	n.	intense feeling of love
ardor	n.	feelings of great warmth and intensity
arduous	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
arduous	adj.	taxing to the utmost; testing powers of endurance; ; ; - F.D.Roosevelt
arduous	adj.	difficult to accomplish; demanding considerable mental effort and skill
arduousness	n.	extreme effortfulness
are	n.	a unit of surface area equal to 100 square meters
are	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
are	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
are	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
are	v.	have an existence, be extant
are	v.	happen, occur, take place
are	v.	be identical or equivalent to
are	v.	form or compose
are	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
are	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
are	v.	spend or use time
are	v.	have life, be alive
are	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
are	v.	be priced at
area	n.	a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography)
area	n.	a subject of study
area	n.	a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve
area	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
area	n.	a part of a structure having some specific characteristic or function
area	n.	the extent of a 2-dimensional surface enclosed within a boundary
areal	adj.	of or relating to or involving an area
arena	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
arena	n.	the central area of an ancient Roman amphitheater where contests and spectacles were held; especially an area that was strewn with sand
arena	n.	a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments
arena	n.	a playing field where sports events take place
arequipa	n.	a city in southern Peru founded in 1540 on the site of an ancient Inca city
ares	n.	(Greek mythology) Greek god of war; son of Zeus and Hera; identified with Roman Mars
ares	n.	a unit of surface area equal to 100 square meters
argent	n.	a metal tincture used in heraldry to give a silvery appearance
argent	adj.	of lustrous grey; covered with or tinged with the color of silver
argentina	n.	a republic in southern South America; second largest country in South America
argentina	n.	type genus of the Argentinidae: argentines
argentine	n.	any of various small silver-scaled salmon-like marine fishes
argentine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Argentina or its people
argentinian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Argentina
argentinian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Argentina or its people
arginine	n.	a bitter tasting amino acid found in proteins and necessary for nutrition; its absence from the diet leads to a reduced production of spermatozoa
argo	n.	formerly a large constellation in the southern hemisphere between Canis Major and the Southern Cross; now divided into Carina and Pyxis and Puppis and Vela
argon	n.	a colorless and odorless inert gas; one of the six inert gases; comprises approximately 1% of the earth's atmosphere
argonaut	n.	someone engaged in a dangerous but potentially rewarding adventure
argonaut	n.	(Greek mythology) one of the heroes who sailed with Jason in search of the Golden Fleece
argonaut	n.	cephalopod mollusk of warm seas whose females have delicate papery spiral shells
argonne	n.	an American operation in World War I (1918); American troops under Pershing drove back the German armies which were saved only by the armistice on November 11
argos	n.	an ancient city in southeastern Greece; dominated the Peloponnese in the 7th century BC
argos	n.	formerly a large constellation in the southern hemisphere between Canis Major and the Southern Cross; now divided into Carina and Pyxis and Puppis and Vela
argosy	n.	one or more large merchant ships
argot	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
arguable	adj.	capable of being supported by argument
arguable	adj.	open to argument or debate
arguably	adv.	as can be shown by argument
argue	v.	present reasons and arguments
argue	v.	have an argument about something
argue	v.	give evidence of
arguer	n.	someone who engages in debate
argument	n.	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true
argument	n.	a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement
argument	n.	a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal
argument	n.	a summary of the subject or plot of a literary work or play or movie
argument	n.	(computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program
argument	n.	a variable in a logical or mathematical expression whose value determines the dependent variable; if f(x)=y, x is the independent variable
argument	n.	a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning
argumentation	n.	a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal
argumentation	n.	a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning
argumentative	adj.	given to or characterized by argument
argus	n.	(Greek mythology) a giant with 100 eyes; was guardian of the heifer Io and was slain by Hermes
argus	n.	large brilliantly patterned East Indian pheasant
argyle	n.	a covered gravy holder of silver or other metal containing a detachable central vessel for hot water to keep the gravy warm
argyle	n.	a design consisting of a pattern of varicolored diamonds on a solid background (originally for knitted articles); patterned after the tartan of a clan in western Scotland
argyle	n.	a sock knitted or woven with an argyle design (usually used in the plural)
aria	n.	an elaborate song for solo voice
ariadne	n.	beautiful daughter of Minos and Pasiphae; she fell in love with Theseus and gave him the thread with which he found his way out of the Minotaur's labyrinth
arianism	n.	heretical doctrine taught by Arius that asserted the radical primacy of the Father over the Son
arid	adj.	lacking sufficient water or rainfall
arid	adj.	lacking vitality or spirit; lifeless; ; ; -C.J.Rolo
aridity	n.	the quality of yielding nothing of value
aridity	n.	a deficiency of moisture (especially when resulting from a permanent absence of rainfall)
aries	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Aries
aries	n.	a small zodiacal constellation in the northern hemisphere; between Pisces and Taurus
aries	n.	the first sign of the zodiac which the sun enters at the vernal equinox; the sun is in this sign from about March 21 to April 19
aright	adv.	in an accurate manner
arise	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
arise	v.	originate or come into being
arise	v.	rise to one's feet
arise	v.	result or issue
arise	v.	move upward
arise	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
arise	v.	get up and out of bed
arisen	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
arisen	v.	originate or come into being
arisen	v.	rise to one's feet
arisen	v.	result or issue
arisen	v.	move upward
arisen	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
arisen	v.	get up and out of bed
aristarchus	n.	an ancient Greek grammarian remembered for his commentary on the Iliad and Odyssey (circa 217-145 BC)
aristarchus	n.	a bright crater on the Moon
aristocracy	n.	a privileged class holding hereditary titles
aristocracy	n.	the most powerful members of a society
aristocrat	n.	a member of the aristocracy
aristocratic	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy
aristocratically	adv.	in an aristocratic manner
aristophanes	n.	an ancient Greek dramatist remembered for his comedies (448-380 BC)
aristotelian	n.	a follower of Aristotle or an adherent of Aristotelianism
aristotelian	adj.	of or relating to Aristotle or his philosophy
aristotle	n.	one of the greatest of the ancient Athenian philosophers; pupil of Plato; teacher of Alexander the Great (384-322 BC)
arithmetic	n.	the branch of pure mathematics dealing with the theory of numerical calculations
arithmetic	adj.	relating to or involving arithmetic
arithmetical	adj.	relating to or involving arithmetic
arithmetician	n.	someone who specializes in arithmetic
arius	n.	a Greek who was a Christian theologian active in Alexandria and who was declared a heretic for his doctrines about God (which came to be known as Arianism) (256?-336)
arius	n.	type genus of the Ariidae: sea catfishes
arizona	n.	a state in southwestern United States; site of the Grand Canyon
arizona	n.	glossy snake
arizonan	n.	a native or resident of Arizona
arizonian	n.	a native or resident of Arizona
arjuna	n.	(Hindu mythology) the warrior prince in the Bhagavad-Gita to whom Krishna explains the nature of being and of God and how humans can come to know God
ark	n.	(Judaism) sacred chest where the ancient Hebrews kept the two tablets containing the Ten Commandments
ark	n.	a boat built by Noah to save his family and animals from the flood
arkansan	n.	a native or resident of Arkansas
arkansas	n.	a state in south central United States; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
arkansas	n.	a river that rises in the Rocky Mountains in Colorado and flows southeast through Kansas and Oklahoma and through Arkansas to become a tributary of the Mississippi River
arlington	n.	a city in northern Texas between Dallas and Fort Worth
arm	n.	a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb
arm	n.	any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm
arm	n.	any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting
arm	n.	the part of an armchair or sofa that supports the elbow and forearm of a seated person
arm	n.	a division of some larger or more complex organization
arm	n.	the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a cloth covering for the arm
arm	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
arm	v.	supply with arms
armada	n.	a large fleet
armadillo	n.	burrowing chiefly nocturnal mammal with body covered with strong horny plates
armageddon	n.	(New Testament) the scene of the final battle between the kings of the Earth at the end of the world
armageddon	n.	any catastrophically destructive battle
armagnac	n.	dry brandy distilled in the Armagnac district of France
armament	n.	weaponry used by military or naval force
armament	n.	the act of equiping with weapons in preparation for war
armaments	n.	weaponry used by military or naval force
armaments	n.	the act of equiping with weapons in preparation for war
armature	n.	coil in which voltage is induced by motion through a magnetic field
armband	n.	worn around arm as identification or to indicate mourning
armband	n.	a band worn around the upper arm
armchair	n.	chair with a support on each side for arms
armed	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
armed	v.	supply with arms
armed	adj.	(used of persons or the military) characterized by having or bearing arms
armed	adj.	having arms or arms as specified; used especially in combination
armed	adj.	(used of plants and animals) furnished with bristles and thorns
armenia	n.	a landlocked republic in southwestern Asia; formerly an Asian soviet; modern Armenia is but a fragment of ancient Armenia which was one of the world's oldest civilizations; throughout 2500 years the Armenian people have been invaded and oppressed by their neighbors
armenian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Armenia
armenian	n.	the Indo-European language spoken predominantly in Armenia, but also in Azerbaijan
armenian	n.	a writing system having an alphabet of 38 letters in which the Armenian language is written
armenian	adj.	of or pertaining to Armenia or the people or culture of Armenia
armful	n.	the quantity that can be contained in the arms
armhole	n.	a hole through which you put your arm and where a sleeve can be attached
arminius	n.	Dutch Protestant theologian who founded Arminianism which opposed the absolute predestinarianism of John Calvin (1559-1609)
arminius	n.	German hero; leader at the battle of Teutoburger Wald in AD 9 (circa 18 BC - AD 19)
armistice	n.	a state of peace agreed to between opponents so they can discuss peace terms
armlet	n.	a band worn around the arm for decoration
armor	n.	protective covering made of metal and used in combat
armor	n.	a military unit consisting of armored fighting vehicles
armor	n.	tough more-or-less rigid protective covering of an animal or plant
armor	v.	equip with armor
armored	v.	equip with armor
armored	adj.	protected by armor (used of persons or things military)
armored	adj.	used of animals; provided with protective covering
armored	adj.	equipped with the complete arms and armor of a warrior
armorer	n.	a worker skilled in making armor or arms
armorer	n.	an enlisted man responsible for the upkeep of small arms and machine guns etc.
armorer	n.	a manufacturer of firearms
armorial	adj.	of or relating to heraldry or heraldic arms
armory	n.	a collection of resources
armory	n.	all the weapons and equipment that a country has
armory	n.	a military structure where arms and ammunition and other military equipment are stored and training is given in the use of arms
armory	n.	a place where arms are manufactured
armour	n.	a military unit consisting of armored fighting vehicles
armour	n.	protective covering made of metal and used in combat
armour	n.	tough more-or-less rigid protective covering of an animal or plant
armour	v.	equip with armor
armpit	n.	the hollow under the arm where it is joined to the shoulder
armrest	n.	a support for the arm
armstrong	n.	United States astronaut; the first man to set foot on the Moon (July 20, 1969) (1930-)
armstrong	n.	United States pioneering jazz trumpeter and bandleader (1900-1971)
army	n.	a permanent organization of the military land forces of a nation or state
army	n.	a large number of people united for some specific purpose
army	n.	the army of the United States of America; the agency that organizes and trains soldiers for land warfare
arnhem	n.	a city in the central Netherlands on the lower Rhine River; site of a battle in 1944 during World War II
arno	n.	a river in central Italy rising in the Apennines and flowing through Florence and Pisa to the Ligurian Sea
arnold	n.	English poet and literary critic (1822-1888)
arnold	n.	United States general and traitor in the American Revolution; in 1780 his plan to surrender West Point to the British was foiled (1741-1801)
aroma	n.	any property detected by the olfactory system
aroma	n.	a distinctive odor that is pleasant
aromatherapy	n.	the therapeutic use of aromatic plant extracts and essential oils in baths or massage
aromatic	adj.	(chemistry) of or relating to or containing one or more benzene rings
aromatic	adj.	having a strong pleasant odor; - Jean Stafford
arose	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
arose	v.	originate or come into being
arose	v.	rise to one's feet
arose	v.	result or issue
arose	v.	move upward
arose	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
arose	v.	get up and out of bed
around	adv.	in the area or vicinity
around	adv.	by a circular or circuitous route
around	adv.	used of movement to or among many different places or in no particular direction
around	adv.	in a circle or circular motion
around	adv.	(of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
around	adv.	in or to a reversed position or direction
around	adv.	to a particular destination either specified or understood
around	adv.	all around or on all sides
around	adv.	in circumference
around	adv.	from beginning to end; throughout
arousal	n.	the act of arousing
arousal	n.	a state of heightened physiological activity
arousal	n.	awakening from sleep
arousal	n.	mutual sexual fondling prior to sexual intercourse
arouse	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
arouse	v.	stop sleeping
arouse	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
arouse	v.	cause to be alert and energetic
arouse	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
arouse	v.	to begin moving,
arouse	v.	stimulate sexually
arpeggio	n.	a chord whose notes are played in rapid succession rather than simultaneously
arraign	v.	call before a court to answer an indictment
arraign	v.	accuse of a wrong or an inadequacy
arraignment	n.	a legal document calling someone to court to answer an indictment
arrange	v.	put into a proper or systematic order
arrange	v.	make arrangements for
arrange	v.	plan, organize, and carry out (an event)
arrange	v.	set (printed matter) into a specific format
arrange	v.	arrange attractively
arrange	v.	adapt for performance in a different way
arrange	v.	arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
arrangement	n.	the thing arranged or agreed to
arrangement	n.	an orderly grouping (of things or persons) considered as a unit; the result of arranging
arrangement	n.	an organized structure for arranging or classifying
arrangement	n.	the spatial property of the way in which something is placed
arrangement	n.	a piece of music that has been adapted for performance by a particular set of voices or instruments
arrangement	n.	the act of arranging and adapting a piece of music
arranger	n.	a person who brings order and organization to an enterprise
arranger	n.	a musician who adapts a composition for particular voices or instruments or for another style of performance
arrant	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
arras	n.	a wall hanging of heavy handwoven fabric with pictorial designs
array	n.	an orderly arrangement
array	n.	an impressive display
array	n.	especially fine or decorative clothing
array	n.	an arrangement of aerials spaced to give desired directional characteristics
array	v.	lay out orderly or logically in a line or as if in a line
array	v.	align oneself with a group or a way of thinking
arrears	n.	the state of being behind in payments
arrears	n.	an unpaid overdue debt
arrest	n.	the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal)
arrest	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
arrest	v.	take into custody
arrest	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
arrest	v.	attract and fix
arrest	v.	cause to stop
arrhenius	n.	Swedish chemist and physicist noted for his theory of chemical dissociation (1859-1927)
arrhythmia	n.	an abnormal rate of muscle contractions in the heart
arrhythmic	adj.	lacking a steady rhythm
arrhythmic	adj.	without regard for rhythm
arrhythmical	adj.	without regard for rhythm
arrival	n.	accomplishment of an objective
arrival	n.	the act of arriving at a certain place
arrival	n.	someone who arrives (or has arrived)
arrive	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
arrive	v.	succeed in a big way; get to the top
arrogance	n.	overbearing pride evidenced by a superior manner toward inferiors
arrogant	adj.	having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride
arrogate	v.	demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to
arrogate	v.	make undue claims to having
arrogate	v.	seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession
arrogation	n.	seizure by the government
arrow	n.	a mark to indicate a direction or relation
arrow	n.	a projectile with a straight thin shaft and an arrowhead on one end and stabilizing vanes on the other; intended to be shot from a bow
arrowhead	n.	the pointed head or striking tip of an arrow
arrowroot	n.	a nutritive starch obtained from the root of the arrowroot plant
arrowroot	n.	white-flowered West Indian plant whose root yields arrowroot starch
arrowroot	n.	canna grown especially for its edible rootstock from which arrowroot starch is obtained
arroyo	n.	a stream or brook
arsenal	n.	all the weapons and equipment that a country has
arsenal	n.	a military structure where arms and ammunition and other military equipment are stored and training is given in the use of arms
arsenal	n.	a place where arms are manufactured
arsenic	n.	a white powdered poisonous trioxide of arsenic; used in manufacturing glass and as a pesticide (rat poison) and weed killer
arsenic	n.	a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms; arsenic and arsenic compounds are used as herbicides and insecticides and various alloys; found in arsenopyrite and orpiment and realgar
arson	n.	malicious burning to destroy property
arsonist	n.	a criminal who illegally sets fire to property
art	n.	the products of human creativity; works of art collectively
art	n.	the creation of beautiful or significant things
art	n.	a superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation
art	n.	photographs or other visual representations in a printed publication
artaxerxes	n.	king of Persia who subdued numerous revolutions and made peace with Sparta (?-359 BC)
artaxerxes	n.	king of Persia who sanctioned the practice of Judaism in Jerusalem (?-424 BC)
artemis	n.	(Greek mythology) the virgin goddess of the hunt and the Moon; daughter of Leto and twin sister of Apollo; identified with Roman Diana
arterial	adj.	of or involving or contained in the arteries
arteriole	n.	one of the small thin-walled arteries that end in capillaries
arteriosclerosis	n.	sclerosis of the arterial walls
artery	n.	a blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the body
artery	n.	a major thoroughfare that bears important traffic
artful	adj.	not straightforward or candid; giving a false appearance of frankness; - David Cannadine
artful	adj.	marked by skill in achieving a desired end especially with cunning or craft
artfulness	n.	the quality of being adroit in taking unfair advantage
arthritic	n.	a person afflicted with arthritis
arthritic	adj.	of or pertaining to arthritis
arthritis	n.	inflammation of a joint or joints
arthropod	n.	invertebrate having jointed limbs and a segmented body with an exoskeleton made of chitin
arthroscope	n.	a type of endoscope that is inserted into a joint for visual examination
arthroscopy	n.	a minimally invasive operation to repair a damaged joint; the surgeon examines the joint with an arthroscope while making repairs through a small incision
arthur	n.	elected vice president and became 21st President of the United States when Garfield was assassinated (1830-1886)
arthur	n.	a legendary king of the Britons (possibly based on a historical figure in the 6th century but the story has been retold too many times to be sure); said to have led the Knights of the Round Table at Camelot
arthurian	adj.	of or relating to King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table
artichoke	n.	Mediterranean thistlelike plant widely cultivated for its large edible flower head
artichoke	n.	a thistlelike flower head with edible fleshy leaves and heart
article	n.	nonfictional prose forming an independent part of a publication
article	n.	one of a class of artifacts
article	n.	a separate section of a legal document (as a statute or contract or will)
article	n.	(grammar) a determiner that may indicate the specificity of reference of a noun phrase
article	v.	bind by a contract; especially for a training period
articular	adj.	relating to or affecting the joints of the body
articulate	v.	provide with a joint
articulate	v.	put into words or an expression
articulate	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
articulate	v.	unite by forming a joint or joints
articulate	v.	express or state clearly
articulate	adj.	expressing yourself easily or characterized by clear expressive language
articulate	adj.	consisting of segments held together by joints
articulateness	n.	the quality of being facile in speech and writing
articulation	n.	the aspect of pronunciation that involves bringing articulatory organs together so as to shape the sounds of speech
articulation	n.	the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made
articulation	n.	expressing in coherent verbal form
articulation	n.	(anatomy) the point of connection between two bones or elements of a skeleton (especially if it allows motion)
articulation	n.	the act of joining things in such a way that motion is possible
artifact	n.	a man-made object taken as a whole
artifice	n.	a deceptive maneuver (especially to avoid capture)
artificer	n.	someone who is the first to think of or make something
artificer	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
artificer	n.	an enlisted man responsible for the upkeep of small arms and machine guns etc.
artificial	adj.	contrived by art rather than nature
artificial	adj.	artificially formal
artificial	adj.	not arising from natural growth or characterized by vital processes
artificiality	n.	the quality of being produced by people and not occurring naturally
artillery	n.	large but transportable armament
artillery	n.	an army unit that uses big guns
artillery	n.	a means of persuading or arguing
artilleryman	n.	a serviceman in the artillery
artillerymen	n.	a serviceman in the artillery
artisan	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
artist	n.	a person whose creative work shows sensitivity and imagination
artiste	n.	a public performer (a dancer or singer)
artistic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of art or artists
artistic	adj.	satisfying aesthetic standards and sensibilities
artistic	adj.	aesthetically pleasing
artistically	adv.	in an artistic manner
artistry	n.	a superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation
artless	adj.	characterized by an inability to mask your feelings; not devious
artless	adj.	simple and natural; without cunning or deceit
artless	adj.	showing lack of art
artless	adj.	(of persons) lacking art or knowledge
artlessness	n.	the quality of innocent naivete
artlessness	n.	ingenuousness by virtue of being free from artful deceit
artwork	n.	photographs or other visual representations in a printed publication
arty	adj.	showily imitative of art or artists
aruba	n.	a popular island resort in the Netherlands Antilles
arugula	n.	erect European annual often grown as a salad crop to be harvested when young and tender
arum	n.	starch resembling sago that is obtained from cuckoopint root
arum	n.	any plant of the family Araceae; have small flowers massed on a spadix surrounded by a large spathe
aryan	n.	(according to Nazi doctrine) a Caucasian person of Nordic descent (and not a Jew)
aryan	n.	a member of the prehistoric people who spoke Proto-Indo European
aryan	adj.	of or relating to the former Indo-European people
as	n.	a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms; arsenic and arsenic compounds are used as herbicides and insecticides and various alloys; found in arsenopyrite and orpiment and realgar
as	n.	a United States territory on the eastern part of the island of Samoa
as	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation
as	n.	any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes
as	n.	one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
as	n.	(biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA
as	n.	the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
as	n.	the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet
as	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen
as	adv.	to the same degree (often followed by `as')
asama	n.	a volcano in central Honshu near Nagano; one of the largest volcanoes in Japan (8,340 feet)
asap	adv.	as soon as possible
asbestos	n.	a fibrous amphibole; used for making fireproof articles; inhaling fibers can cause asbestosis or lung cancer
ascend	v.	travel up,
ascend	v.	go back in order of genealogical succession
ascend	v.	become king or queen
ascend	v.	appear to be moving upward, as by means of tendrils
ascend	v.	go along towards (a river's) source
ascend	v.	slope upwards
ascend	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
ascend	v.	move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
ascendance	n.	the state that exists when one person or group has power over another
ascendancy	n.	the state that exists when one person or group has power over another
ascendant	n.	position or state of being dominant or in control
ascendant	n.	someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent)
ascendant	adj.	tending or directed upward; - John Ruskin
ascendant	adj.	most powerful or important or influential
ascension	n.	(Christianity) celebration of the Ascension of Christ into heaven; observed on the 40th day after Easter
ascension	n.	a movement upward
ascension	n.	(New Testament) the rising of the body of Jesus into heaven on the 40th day after his Resurrection
ascension	n.	(astronomy) the rising of a star above the horizon
ascension	n.	the act of changing location in an upward direction
ascent	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
ascent	n.	a movement upward
ascent	n.	the act of changing location in an upward direction
ascertain	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
ascertain	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
ascertain	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
ascertain	v.	learn or discover with certainty
ascetic	n.	someone who practices self denial as a spiritual discipline
ascetic	adj.	pertaining to or characteristic of an ascetic or the practice of rigorous self-discipline
ascetic	adj.	practicing great self-denial; - William James
ascetically	adv.	in an ascetic manner
asceticism	n.	the doctrine that through renunciation of worldly pleasures it is possible to achieve a high spiritual or intellectual state
asceticism	n.	the trait of great self-denial (especially refraining from worldly pleasures)
asceticism	n.	rigorous self-denial and active self-restraint
ascii	n.	(computer science) a code for information exchange between computers made by different companies; a string of 7 binary digits represents each character; used in most microcomputers
ascot	n.	a cravat with wide square ends; secured with an ornamental pin
ascribe	v.	attribute or credit to
ascription	n.	assigning some quality or character to a person or thing
ascription	n.	assigning to a cause or source
aseptic	adj.	free of or using methods to keep free of pathological microorganisms
asexual	adj.	not having or involving sex
asexuality	n.	having no evident sex or sex organs
asgard	n.	(Norse mythology) the heavenly dwelling of the Norse gods (the Aesir) and slain war heroes
ash	n.	the residue that remains when something is burned
ash	n.	any of various deciduous pinnate-leaved ornamental or timber trees of the genus Fraxinus
ash	n.	strong elastic wood of any of various ash trees; used for furniture and tool handles and sporting goods such as baseball bats
ash	v.	convert into ashes
ashamed	adj.	feeling shame or guilt or embarrassment or remorse
ashcan	n.	a bin that holds rubbish until it is collected
ashe	n.	United States tennis player who was the first Black to win United States and English singles championships (1943-1993)
asheville	n.	a town in western North Carolina in the Blue Ridge Mountains to the west of Charlotte
ashkenazim	n.	a Jew of eastern European or German descent
ashkhabad	n.	the capital and largest city of Turkmenistan
ashlar	n.	a rectangular block of hewn stone used for building purposes
ashore	adv.	towards the shore from the water
ashram	n.	a place of religious retreat modeled after the Indian ashram
ashram	n.	(India) a place of religious retreat for Hindus
ashtray	n.	a receptacle for the ash from smokers' cigars or cigarettes
ashurbanipal	n.	king of Assyria who built a magnificent palace and library at Nineveh (668-627 BC)
ashy	adj.	of a light grey
asia	n.	the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to Europe on the west to form Eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations
asia	n.	the nations of the Asian continent collectively
asian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Asia
asian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Asia or the peoples of Asia or their languages or culture
asiatic	n.	a native or inhabitant of Asia
asiatic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Asia or the peoples of Asia or their languages or culture
aside	n.	a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the stage
aside	n.	a message that departs from the main subject
aside	adv.	on or to one side
aside	adv.	out of the way (especially away from one's thoughts)
aside	adv.	not taken into account or excluded from consideration
aside	adv.	in a different direction
aside	adv.	placed or kept separate and distinct as for a purpose
aside	adv.	in reserve; not for immediate use
asimov	n.	United States writer (born in Russia) noted for his science fiction (1920-1992)
asinine	adj.	devoid of intelligence
asininity	n.	the quality of being asinine; stupidity combined with stubbornness
ask	v.	inquire about
ask	v.	make a request or demand for something to somebody
ask	v.	direct or put; seek an answer to
ask	v.	consider obligatory; request and expect
ask	v.	address a question to and expect an answer from
ask	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
ask	v.	require or ask for as a price or condition
askance	adj.	(used especially of glances) directed to one side with or as if with doubt or suspicion or envy; - Elizabeth Bowen
askance	adv.	with suspicion or disapproval
askance	adv.	with a side or oblique glance
asked	v.	inquire about
asked	v.	make a request or demand for something to somebody
asked	v.	direct or put; seek an answer to
asked	v.	consider obligatory; request and expect
asked	v.	address a question to and expect an answer from
asked	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
asked	v.	require or ask for as a price or condition
askew	adj.	turned or twisted toward one side; - G.K.Chesterton
askew	adv.	turned or twisted to one side
asl	n.	the sign language used in the United States
aslant	adj.	having an oblique or slanted direction
aslant	adv.	over or across in a slanting direction
aslant	adv.	at an oblique angle
asleep	adj.	in a state of sleep
asleep	adj.	lacking sensation
asleep	adj.	dead
asleep	adv.	into a sleeping state
asleep	adv.	in the sleep of death
asmara	n.	the capital of Eritrea
asocial	adj.	given to avoiding association with others
asocial	adj.	hostile to or disruptive of normal standards of social behavior
asp	n.	of southern Europe; similar to but smaller than the adder
asp	n.	cobra used by the Pharaohs as a symbol of their power over life and death
asparagus	n.	plant whose succulent young shoots are cooked and eaten as a vegetable
asparagus	n.	edible young shoots of the asparagus plant
aspartame	n.	an artificial sweetener made from aspartic acid; used as a calorie-free sweetener
aspect	n.	a distinct feature or element in a problem
aspect	n.	a characteristic to be considered
aspect	n.	the visual percept of a region
aspect	n.	the beginning or duration or completion or repetition of the action of a verb
aspect	n.	the feelings expressed on a person's face
aspen	n.	any of several trees of the genus Populus having leaves on flattened stalks so that they flutter in the lightest wind
asperity	n.	something hard to endure
asperity	n.	harshness of manner
aspersion	n.	a disparaging remark
aspersion	n.	an abusive attack on a person's character or good name
aspersion	n.	the act of sprinkling water in baptism (rare)
asphalt	n.	mixed asphalt and crushed gravel or sand; used especially for paving but also for roofing
asphalt	n.	a dark bituminous substance found in natural beds and as residue from petroleum distillation; consists mainly of hydrocarbons
asphalt	v.	cover with tar or asphalt
asphodel	n.	any of various chiefly Mediterranean plants of the genera Asphodeline and Asphodelus having linear leaves and racemes of white or pink or yellow flowers
asphyxia	n.	a condition in which insufficient or no oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged on a ventilatory basis; caused by choking or drowning or electric shock or poison gas
asphyxiate	v.	deprive of oxygen and prevent from breathing
asphyxiate	v.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of
asphyxiate	v.	be asphyxiated; die from lack of oxygen
asphyxiation	n.	the condition of being deprived of oxygen (as by having breathing stopped)
asphyxiation	n.	killing by depriving of oxygen
aspic	n.	savory jelly based on fish or meat stock used as a mold for meats or vegetables
aspidistra	n.	evergreen perennial with large handsome basal leaves; grown primarily as a foliage houseplant
aspirant	n.	an ambitious and aspiring young person
aspirant	adj.	desiring or striving for recognition or advancement
aspirate	n.	a consonant pronounced with aspiration
aspirate	v.	remove as if by suction
aspirate	v.	pronounce with aspiration; of stop sounds
aspirate	v.	suck in (air)
aspiration	n.	a will to succeed
aspiration	n.	a cherished desire
aspiration	n.	a manner of articulation involving an audible release of breath
aspiration	n.	the act of inhaling; the drawing in of air (or other gases) as in breathing
aspirator	n.	a pump that draws air or another gas through a liquid
aspire	v.	have an ambitious plan or a lofty goal
aspirin	n.	the acetylated derivative of salicylic acid; used as an analgesic anti-inflammatory drug (trade names Bayer, Empirin, and St. Joseph) usually taken in tablet form; used as an antipyretic; slows clotting of the blood by poisoning platelets
ass	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
ass	n.	a pompous fool
ass	n.	hardy and sure-footed animal smaller and with longer ears than the horse
ass	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
ass	n.	a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms; arsenic and arsenic compounds are used as herbicides and insecticides and various alloys; found in arsenopyrite and orpiment and realgar
ass	n.	a United States territory on the eastern part of the island of Samoa
assail	v.	attack someone physically or emotionally
assail	v.	launch an attack or assault on; begin hostilities or start warfare with
assail	v.	attack in speech or writing
assailable	adj.	not defended or capable of being defended
assailant	n.	someone who attacks
assam	n.	state in northeastern India
assamese	n.	native or inhabitant of the state of Assam in northeastern India
assamese	n.	the Magadhan language spoken by the Assamese people; closely related to Bengali
assamese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Assam or its people or culture or language
assassin	n.	a murderer (especially one who kills a prominent political figure) who kills by a surprise attack and often is hired to do the deed
assassin	n.	a member of a secret order of Muslims (founded in the 12th century) who terrorized and killed Christian Crusaders
assassinate	v.	murder; especially of socially prominent persons
assassinate	v.	destroy or damage seriously, as of someone's reputation
assassination	n.	an attack intended to ruin someone's reputation
assassination	n.	murder of a public figure by surprise attack
assault	n.	close fighting during the culmination of a military attack
assault	n.	a threatened or attempted physical attack by someone who appears to be able to cause bodily harm if not stopped
assault	n.	thoroughbred that won the triple crown in 1946
assault	n.	the crime of forcing a woman to submit to sexual intercourse against her will
assault	v.	attack someone physically or emotionally
assault	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
assault	v.	attack in speech or writing
assay	n.	an appraisal of the state of affairs
assay	n.	a substance that is undergoing an analysis of its components
assay	n.	a written report of the results of an analysis of the composition of some substance
assay	n.	a quantitative or qualitative test of a substance (especially an ore or a drug) to determine its components; frequently used to test for the presence or concentration of infectious agents or antibodies etc.
assay	v.	analyze (chemical substances)
assay	v.	make an effort or attempt
assayer	n.	an analyst who assays (performs chemical tests on) metals
assemblage	n.	a group of persons together in one place
assemblage	n.	a system of components assembled together for a particular purpose
assemblage	n.	the social act of assembling
assemblage	n.	several things grouped together or considered as a whole
assemble	v.	create by putting components or members together
assemble	v.	collect in one place
assemble	v.	get people together
assembler	n.	a program to convert assembly language into machine language
assemblies	n.	a group of machine parts that fit together to form a self-contained unit
assemblies	n.	the act of constructing something (as a piece of machinery)
assemblies	n.	a public facility to meet for open discussion
assemblies	n.	a group of persons who are gathered together for a common purpose
assemblies	n.	a unit consisting of components that have been fitted together
assemblies	n.	the social act of assembling
assembly	n.	a group of machine parts that fit together to form a self-contained unit
assembly	n.	the act of constructing something (as a piece of machinery)
assembly	n.	a public facility to meet for open discussion
assembly	n.	a group of persons who are gathered together for a common purpose
assembly	n.	a unit consisting of components that have been fitted together
assembly	n.	the social act of assembling
assemblyman	n.	someone who is a member of a legislative assembly
assemblymen	n.	someone who is a member of a legislative assembly
assemblywoman	n.	a woman assemblyman
assemblywomen	n.	a woman assemblyman
assent	n.	agreement with a statement or proposal to do something
assent	v.	to agree or express agreement
assert	v.	state categorically
assert	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
assert	v.	insist on having one's opinions and rights recognized
assert	v.	assert to be true
assertion	n.	a declaration that is made emphatically (as if no supporting evidence were necessary)
assertion	n.	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something
assertions	n.	a declaration that is made emphatically (as if no supporting evidence were necessary)
assertions	n.	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something
assertive	adj.	aggressively self-assured
assertiveness	n.	aggressive self-assurance; given to making bold assertions
assess	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
assess	v.	charge (a person or a property) with a payment, such as a tax or a fine
assess	v.	set or determine the amount of (a payment such as a fine)
assess	v.	estimate the value of (property) for taxation
assessment	n.	the classification of someone or something with respect to its worth
assessment	n.	an amount determined as payable
assessment	n.	the market value set on assets
assessment	n.	the act of judging or assessing a person or situation or event
assessor	n.	an official who evaluates property for the purpose of taxing it
asset	n.	a useful or valuable quality
asseverate	v.	state categorically
asseveration	n.	a declaration that is made emphatically (as if no supporting evidence were necessary)
asshole	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
asshole	n.	vulgar slang for anus
assiduity	n.	great and constant diligence and attention
assiduous	adj.	marked by care and persistent effort
assiduousness	n.	great and constant diligence and attention
assign	v.	give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person)
assign	v.	give out
assign	v.	attribute or credit to
assign	v.	select something or someone for a specific purpose
assign	v.	attribute or give
assign	v.	make undue claims to having
assign	v.	transfer one's right to
assign	v.	decide as to where something belongs in a scheme
assignable	adj.	legally transferable to the ownership of another
assignation	n.	a secret rendezvous (especially between lovers)
assignation	n.	the act of distributing by allotting or apportioning; distribution according to a plan
assigned	v.	give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person)
assigned	v.	give out
assigned	v.	attribute or credit to
assigned	v.	select something or someone for a specific purpose
assigned	v.	attribute or give
assigned	v.	make undue claims to having
assigned	v.	transfer one's right to
assigned	v.	decide as to where something belongs in a scheme
assigned	adj.	appointed to a post or duty
assignee	n.	(law) the party to whom something is assigned (e.g., someone to whom a right or property is legally transferred)
assignment	n.	a duty that you are assigned to perform (especially in the armed forces)
assignment	n.	the instrument by which a claim or right or interest or property is transferred from one person to another
assignment	n.	the act of distributing something to designated places or persons
assignment	n.	(law) a transfer of property by deed of conveyance
assignment	n.	an undertaking that you have been assigned to do (as by an instructor)
assignment	n.	the act of putting a person into a non-elective position
assignor	n.	(law) the party who makes an assignment
assimilate	v.	take up mentally
assimilate	v.	become similar to one's environment
assimilate	v.	make similar
assimilate	v.	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution
assimilate	v.	become similar in sound
assimilated	v.	take up mentally
assimilated	v.	become similar to one's environment
assimilated	v.	make similar
assimilated	v.	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution
assimilated	v.	become similar in sound
assimilation	n.	the state of being assimilated; people of different backgrounds come to see themselves as part of a larger national family
assimilation	n.	the social process of absorbing one cultural group into harmony with another
assimilation	n.	the process of absorbing nutrients into the body after digestion
assimilation	n.	a linguistic process by which a sound becomes similar to an adjacent sound
assimilation	n.	the process of assimilating new ideas into an existing cognitive structure
assimilation	n.	in the theories of Jean Piaget: the application of a general schema to a particular instance
assist	n.	the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
assist	n.	(sports) the act of enabling another player to make a good play
assist	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
assist	v.	act as an assistant in a subordinate or supportive function
assist	v.	work for or be a servant to
assistance	n.	the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
assistance	n.	a resource
assistant	n.	a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
assistant	adj.	of or relating to a person who is subordinate to another
assisted	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
assisted	v.	act as an assistant in a subordinate or supportive function
assisted	v.	work for or be a servant to
assisted	adj.	having help; often used as a combining form
assize	n.	the regulation of weights and measures of articles offered for sale
assize	n.	an ancient writ issued by a court of assize to the sheriff for the recovery of property
associate	n.	a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor
associate	n.	a friend who is frequently in the company of another
associate	n.	a person with subordinate membership in a society, institution, or commercial enterprise
associate	n.	any event that usually accompanies or is closely connected with another
associate	n.	a degree granted by a two-year college on successful completion of the undergraduates course of studies
associate	v.	make a logical or causal connection
associate	v.	keep company with; hang out with
associate	v.	bring or come into association or action
associate	adj.	having partial rights and privileges or subordinate status
association	n.	a formal organization of people or groups of people
association	n.	the act of consorting with or joining with others
association	n.	the state of being connected together as in memory or imagination
association	n.	the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination
association	n.	a social or business relationship
association	n.	a relation resulting from interaction or dependence
association	n.	(chemistry) any process of combination (especially in solution) that depends on relatively weak chemical bonding
association	n.	(ecology) a group of organisms (plants and animals) that live together in a certain geographical region and constitute a community with a few dominant species
associations	n.	a formal organization of people or groups of people
associations	n.	the act of consorting with or joining with others
associations	n.	the state of being connected together as in memory or imagination
associations	n.	the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination
associations	n.	a social or business relationship
associations	n.	a relation resulting from interaction or dependence
associations	n.	(chemistry) any process of combination (especially in solution) that depends on relatively weak chemical bonding
associations	n.	(ecology) a group of organisms (plants and animals) that live together in a certain geographical region and constitute a community with a few dominant species
assonance	n.	the repetition of similar vowels in the stressed syllables of successive words
assonant	adj.	having the same sound (especially the same vowel sound) occurring in successive stressed syllables
assonant	adj.	having the same vowel sound occurring with different consonants in successive words or stressed syllables
assort	v.	keep company with; hang out with
assort	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
assortment	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
assortment	n.	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type
assuage	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
assuage	v.	satisfy (thirst)
assuage	v.	provide physical relief, as from pain
assume	v.	take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof
assume	v.	take on titles, offices, duties, responsibilities
assume	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
assume	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
assume	v.	occupy or take on
assume	v.	seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession
assume	v.	make a pretence of
assume	v.	take up someone's soul into heaven
assume	v.	put clothing on one's body
assumption	n.	a statement that is assumed to be true and from which a conclusion can be drawn
assumption	n.	a hypothesis that is taken for granted
assumption	n.	the act of taking possession of or power over something
assumption	n.	celebration in the Roman Catholic Church of the Virgin Mary's being taken up into heaven when her earthly life ended; corresponds to the Dormition in the Eastern Orthodox Church
assumption	n.	(Christianity) the taking up of the body and soul of the Virgin Mary when her earthly life had ended
assumption	n.	audacious (even arrogant) behavior that you have no right to
assumption	n.	the act of assuming or taking for granted
assumptive	adj.	excessively forward
assumptive	adj.	accepted as real or true without proof
assurance	n.	freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities
assurance	n.	a binding commitment to do or give or refrain from something
assurance	n.	a statement intended to inspire confidence
assurance	n.	a British term for some kinds of insurance
assure	v.	make certain of
assure	v.	inform positively and with certainty and confidence
assure	v.	assure somebody of the truth of something with the intention of giving the listener confidence
assure	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
assure	v.	cause to feel sure; give reassurance to
assure	v.	make a promise or commitment
assured	v.	make certain of
assured	v.	inform positively and with certainty and confidence
assured	v.	assure somebody of the truth of something with the intention of giving the listener confidence
assured	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
assured	v.	cause to feel sure; give reassurance to
assured	v.	make a promise or commitment
assured	adj.	marked by assurance; exhibiting confidence
assured	adj.	characterized by certainty or security
assyria	n.	an ancient kingdom in northern Mesopotamia which is in present-day Iraq
assyrian	n.	an inhabitant of ancient Assyria
assyrian	n.	the language of modern Iraq
assyrian	n.	an extinct language of the Assyrians in ancient Mesopotamia
astaire	n.	United States dancer and cinema actor noted for his original and graceful tap dancing (1899-1987)
astana	n.	remote city of Kazakhstan that (ostensibly for security reasons) was made the capital in 1998
astarte	n.	an ancient Phoenician goddess of love and fertility; the Phoenician counterpart to Ishtar
astatine	n.	a highly unstable radioactive element (the heaviest of the halogen series); a decay product of uranium and thorium
aster	n.	any of various chiefly fall-blooming herbs of the genus Aster with showy daisylike flowers
aster	n.	star-shaped structure formed in the cytoplasm of a cell having fibers like rays that surround the centrosome during mitosis
asterisk	n.	a star-shaped character * used in printing
asterisk	v.	mark with an asterisk
astern	adv.	stern foremost or backward
astern	adv.	at or near or toward the stern of a ship or tail of an airplane
astern	adv.	(of a ship or an airplane) behind
asteroid	n.	any of numerous small celestial bodies composed of rock and metal that move around the sun (mainly between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter)
asteroid	adj.	shaped like a star
asthma	n.	respiratory disorder characterized by wheezing; usually of allergic origin
asthmatic	n.	a person suffering from asthma
asthmatic	adj.	relating to breathing with a whistling sound
astigmatic	adj.	of or relating to a defect in the eye or in a lens caused by a deviation from spherical curvature which prevents light rays from meeting at a common focus and so results in distorted images
astigmatism	n.	(ophthalmology) impaired eyesight resulting usually from irregular conformation of the cornea; common in nearsighted people
astigmatism	n.	(optics) defect in an optical system in which light rays from a single point fail to converge in a single focal point
astir	adj.	out of bed
astir	adj.	on the move
astonish	v.	affect with wonder
astonishing	v.	affect with wonder
astonishing	adj.	surprising greatly
astonishing	adj.	so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm
astonishment	n.	the feeling that accompanies something extremely surprising
astor	n.	British politician (born in the United States) who was the first woman to sit in the British House of Commons (1879-1964)
astor	n.	United States capitalist (born in Germany) who made a fortune in fur trading (1763-1848)
astound	v.	affect with wonder
astounding	v.	affect with wonder
astounding	adj.	bewildering or striking dumb with wonder
astounding	adj.	so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm
astraddle	adv.	with one leg on each side
astrakhan	n.	the fur of young lambs
astrakhan	n.	a city in southwestern Russia on the delta of the Volga River
astral	adj.	being or relating to or resembling or emanating from stars
astray	adv.	away from the right path or direction
astray	adv.	far from the intended target
astride	adv.	with one leg on each side
astride	adv.	with the legs stretched far apart
astringency	n.	a sharp astringent taste; the taste experience when a substance causes the mouth to pucker
astringency	n.	the ability to contract or draw together soft body tissues to check blood flow or restrict secretion of fluids
astringent	n.	a drug that causes contraction of body tissues and canals
astringent	adj.	sour or bitter in taste
astringent	adj.	tending to draw together or constrict soft organic tissue
astrolabe	n.	an early form of sextant
astrologer	n.	someone who predicts the future by the positions of the planets and sun and Moon
astrological	adj.	relating to or concerned with astrology
astrologist	n.	someone who predicts the future by the positions of the planets and sun and Moon
astrology	n.	a pseudoscience claiming divination by the positions of the planets and sun and moon
astronaut	n.	a person trained to travel in a spacecraft
astronautic	adj.	of or belonging to astronauts or the science of astronautics
astronautical	adj.	of or belonging to astronauts or the science of astronautics
astronautics	n.	the theory and practice of navigation through air or space
astronomer	n.	a physicist who studies astronomy
astronomic	adj.	relating or belonging to the science of astronomy
astronomic	adj.	inconceivably large
astronomical	adj.	relating or belonging to the science of astronomy
astronomical	adj.	inconceivably large
astronomy	n.	the branch of physics that studies celestial bodies and the universe as a whole
astrophysical	adj.	of or concerned with astrophysics
astrophysicist	n.	an astronomer who studies the physical properties of celestial bodies
astrophysics	n.	the branch of astronomy concerned with the physical and chemical properties of celestial bodies
astute	adj.	marked by practical hardheaded intelligence
astuteness	n.	intelligence manifested by being astute (as in business dealings)
astuteness	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
asuncion	n.	the capital and chief port of Paraguay
asunder	adj.	widely separated especially in space
asunder	adv.	into parts or pieces
aswan	n.	an ancient city on the Nile in Egypt; two dams across the Nile have been built nearby
asylum	n.	a shelter from danger or hardship
asylum	n.	a hospital for mentally incompetent or unbalanced person
asymmetric	adj.	characterized by asymmetry in the spatial arrangement or placement of parts or components
asymmetrical	adj.	characterized by asymmetry in the spatial arrangement or placement of parts or components
asymmetrical	adj.	irregular in shape or outline
asymmetry	n.	(mathematics) a lack of symmetry
asymptomatic	adj.	having no symptoms of illness or disease
asymptotic	adj.	relating to or of the nature of an asymptote
asymptotically	adv.	toward an asymptote
asynchronous	adj.	(digital communication) pertaining to a transmission technique that does not require a common clock between the communicating devices; timing signals are derived from special characters in the data stream itself
asynchronous	adj.	not synchronous; not occurring or existing at the same time or having the same period or phase
at	n.	a highly unstable radioactive element (the heaviest of the halogen series); a decay product of uranium and thorium
at	n.	100 at equal 1 kip in Laos
ataturk	n.	Turkish statesman who abolished the caliphate and founded Turkey as a modern secular state (1881-1938)
atavism	n.	a reappearance of an earlier characteristic
atavist	n.	an organism that has the characteristics of a more primitive type of that organism
atavistic	adj.	characteristic of an atavist
ataxia	n.	inability to coordinate voluntary muscle movements; unsteady movements and staggering gait
ataxic	adj.	lacking motor coordination; marked or caused by ataxia
ate	n.	goddess of criminal rashness and its punishment
ate	v.	take in solid food
ate	v.	eat a meal; take a meal
ate	v.	take in food; used of animals only
ate	v.	worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way
ate	v.	use up (resources or materials)
ate	v.	cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid
atelier	n.	a studio especially for an artist or designer
athabaskan	n.	a member of any of the North American Indian groups speaking an Athapaskan language and living in the subarctic regions of western Canada and central Alaska
athabaskan	n.	a group of Amerindian languages (the name coined by an American anthropologist, Edward Sapir)
athanasius	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) Greek patriarch of Alexandria who championed Christian orthodoxy against Arianism; a church father, saint, and Doctor of the Church (293-373)
atheism	n.	the doctrine or belief that there is no God
atheism	n.	a lack of belief in the existence of God or gods
atheist	n.	someone who denies the existence of god
atheist	adj.	related to or characterized by or given to atheism
atheistic	adj.	rejecting any belief in gods
atheistic	adj.	related to or characterized by or given to atheism
athena	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of wisdom and useful arts and prudent warfare; guardian of Athens; identified with Roman Minerva
athene	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of wisdom and useful arts and prudent warfare; guardian of Athens; identified with Roman Minerva
athene	n.	a genus of Strigidae
athenian	n.	a resident of Athens
athenian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Athens or its inhabitants
athens	n.	the capital and largest city of Greece; named after Athena (its patron goddess)
athens	n.	a town in southeast Ohio
athens	n.	a university town in northeast Georgia
atherosclerosis	n.	a stage of arteriosclerosis involving fatty deposits (atheromas) inside the arterial walls, thus narrowing the arteries
atherosclerotic	adj.	of or relating to atherosclerosis
athirst	adj.	(usually followed by `for') extremely desirous
athlete	n.	a person trained to compete in sports
athletic	adj.	relating to or befitting athletics or athletes
athletic	adj.	vigorously active
athletic	adj.	having a sturdy and well proportioned body
athleticism	n.	intense energy
athletics	n.	an active diversion requiring physical exertion and competition
athletics	n.	a contest between athletes
athletics	n.	participation in sports events as an extracurricular activity
athwart	adv.	at right angles to the center line of a ship
athwart	adv.	at an oblique angle
atilt	adj.	departing or being caused to depart from the true vertical or horizontal
atlanta	n.	state capital and largest city of Georgia; chief commercial center of the southeastern United States; was plundered and burned by Sherman's army during the American Civil War
atlanta	n.	a siege in which Federal troops under Sherman cut off the railroads supplying the city and then burned it; 1864
atlantic	n.	the 2nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Europe and Africa on the east
atlantic	adj.	relating to or bordering the Atlantic Ocean
atlantis	n.	according to legend, an island in the Atlantic Ocean that Plato said was swallowed by an earthquake
atlas	n.	(Greek mythology) a Titan who was forced by Zeus to bear the sky on his shoulders
atlas	n.	a collection of maps in book form
atlas	n.	the 1st cervical vertebra
atlas	n.	a figure of a man used as a supporting column
atm	n.	a unit of pressure: the pressure that will support a column of mercury 760 mm high at sea level and 0 degrees centigrade
atm	n.	a means of digital communications that is capable of very high speeds; suitable for transmission of images or voice or video as well as data
atm	n.	an unattended machine (outside some banks) that dispenses money when a personal coded card is used
atmosphere	n.	a particular environment or surrounding influence
atmosphere	n.	a unit of pressure: the pressure that will support a column of mercury 760 mm high at sea level and 0 degrees centigrade
atmosphere	n.	the mass of air surrounding the Earth
atmosphere	n.	the weather or climate at some place
atmosphere	n.	the envelope of gases surrounding any celestial body
atmosphere	n.	a distinctive but intangible quality surrounding a person or thing
atmospheric	adj.	relating to or located in the atmosphere
atmospherics	n.	a crackling or hissing noise caused by electrical interference
atoll	n.	an island consisting of a circular coral reef surrounding a lagoon
atom	n.	(physics and chemistry) the smallest component of an element having the chemical properties of the element
atom	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
atomic	adj.	of or relating to or comprising atoms
atomic	adj.	(weapons) deriving destructive energy from the release of atomic energy
atomic	adj.	immeasurably small
atomize	v.	spray very finely
atomize	v.	strike at with firepower or bombs
atomize	v.	break up into small particles
atomizer	n.	a dispenser that turns a liquid (such as perfume) into a fine mist
atonal	adj.	characterized by avoidance of traditional western tonality
atonality	n.	the absence of a key; alternative to the diatonic system
atone	v.	make amends for
atone	v.	turn away from sin or do penitence
atonement	n.	compensation for a wrong
atonement	n.	the act of atoning for sin or wrongdoing (especially appeasing a deity)
atop	adv.	on, to, or at the top
atp	n.	a nucleotide derived from adenosine that occurs in muscle tissue; the major source of energy for cellular reactions
atreus	n.	(Greek mythology) the king of Mycenae and father of Agamemnon and of Menelaus
atria	n.	any chamber that is connected to other chambers or passageways (especially one of the two upper chambers of the heart)
atria	n.	the central area in a building; open to the sky
atrial	adj.	of or relating to a cavity or chamber in the body (especially one of the upper chambers of the heart)
atrioventricular	adj.	relating to or affecting the atria and ventricles of the heart
atrium	n.	any chamber that is connected to other chambers or passageways (especially one of the two upper chambers of the heart)
atrium	n.	the central area in a building; open to the sky
atrocious	adj.	shockingly brutal or cruel
atrocious	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
atrocious	adj.	provoking horror; ; ; ; - Winston Churchill
atrociousness	n.	the quality of being shockingly cruel and inhumane
atrocity	n.	the quality of being shockingly cruel and inhumane
atrocity	n.	an act of atrocious cruelty
atrophy	n.	a decrease in size of an organ caused by disease or disuse
atrophy	n.	any weakening or degeneration (especially through lack of use)
atrophy	v.	undergo atrophy
atropine	n.	a poisonous crystalline alkaloid extracted from the nightshade family; used as an antispasmodic and to dilate the eye pupil; also administered in large amounts as an antidote for organophosphate nerve agents or organophosphate insecticides
atropos	n.	the Greek goddess of fate who cuts the thread of life
attach	v.	cause to be attached
attach	v.	be attached; be in contact with
attach	v.	become attached
attach	v.	create social or emotional ties
attach	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
attache	n.	a specialist assigned to the staff of a diplomatic mission
attache	n.	a shallow and rectangular briefcase
attached	v.	cause to be attached
attached	v.	be attached; be in contact with
attached	v.	become attached
attached	v.	create social or emotional ties
attached	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
attached	adj.	being joined in close association
attached	adj.	used of buildings joined by common sidewalls
attached	adj.	associated in an exclusive sexual relationship
attached	adj.	fond and affectionate
attachment	n.	a feeling of affection for a person or an institution
attachment	n.	a supplementary part or accessory
attachment	n.	a writ authorizing the seizure of property that may be needed for the payment of a judgment in a judicial proceeding
attachment	n.	a connection that fastens things together
attachment	n.	faithful support for a cause or political party or religion
attachment	n.	the act of attaching or affixing something
attachment	n.	the act of fastening things together
attachments	n.	a feeling of affection for a person or an institution
attachments	n.	a supplementary part or accessory
attachments	n.	a writ authorizing the seizure of property that may be needed for the payment of a judgment in a judicial proceeding
attachments	n.	a connection that fastens things together
attachments	n.	faithful support for a cause or political party or religion
attachments	n.	the act of attaching or affixing something
attachments	n.	the act of fastening things together
attack	n.	(military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons)
attack	n.	an offensive move in a sport or game
attack	n.	intense adverse criticism
attack	n.	ideas or actions intended to deal with a problem or situation
attack	n.	the act of attacking
attack	n.	a decisive manner of beginning a musical tone or phrase
attack	n.	a sudden occurrence of an uncontrollable condition
attack	n.	the onset of a corrosive or destructive process (as by a chemical agent)
attack	n.	strong criticism
attack	v.	launch an attack or assault on; begin hostilities or start warfare with
attack	v.	attack in speech or writing
attack	v.	take the initiative and go on the offensive
attack	v.	attack someone physically or emotionally
attack	v.	set to work upon; turn one's energies vigorously to a task
attack	v.	begin to injure
attacker	n.	someone who attacks
attain	v.	to gain with effort
attain	v.	reach a point in time, or a certain state or level
attain	v.	find unexpectedly
attain	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
attainability	n.	the state of being achievable
attainable	adj.	capable of being attained or accomplished
attainder	n.	cancellation of civil rights
attainment	n.	the act of achieving an aim
attainment	n.	arrival at a new stage
attainment	n.	an ability that has been acquired by training
attar	n.	essential oil or perfume obtained from flowers
attempt	n.	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something
attempt	n.	the act of attacking
attempt	v.	make an effort or attempt
attempt	v.	enter upon an activity or enterprise
attend	v.	be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.
attend	v.	take charge of or deal with
attend	v.	to accompany as a circumstance or follow as a result
attend	v.	work for or be a servant to
attend	v.	give heed (to)
attendance	n.	the act of being present (at a meeting or event etc.)
attendance	n.	the frequency with which a person is present
attendance	n.	the number of people that are present
attendant	n.	someone who waits on or tends to or attends to the needs of another
attendant	n.	a person who is present and participates in a meeting
attendant	n.	an event or situation that happens at the same time as or in connection with another
attendant	adj.	being present (at meeting or event etc.)
attendant	adj.	following or accompanying as a consequence
attended	v.	be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc.
attended	v.	take charge of or deal with
attended	v.	to accompany as a circumstance or follow as a result
attended	v.	work for or be a servant to
attended	v.	give heed (to)
attended	adj.	playing or singing with instrumental or vocal accompaniment
attended	adj.	having a caretaker or other watcher
attendee	n.	a person who is present and participates in a meeting
attention	n.	the process whereby a person concentrates on some features of the environment to the (relative) exclusion of others
attention	n.	the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something
attention	n.	a general interest that leads people to want to know more
attention	n.	a courteous act indicating affection
attention	n.	the faculty or power of mental concentration
attention	n.	a motionless erect stance with arms at the sides and feet together; assumed by military personnel during drill or review
attentions	n.	the process whereby a person concentrates on some features of the environment to the (relative) exclusion of others
attentions	n.	the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something
attentions	n.	a general interest that leads people to want to know more
attentions	n.	a courteous act indicating affection
attentions	n.	the faculty or power of mental concentration
attentions	n.	a motionless erect stance with arms at the sides and feet together; assumed by military personnel during drill or review
attentive	adj.	(often followed by `to') giving care or attention
attentive	adj.	taking heed; giving close and thoughtful attention
attentiveness	n.	paying particular notice (as to children or helpless people)
attentiveness	n.	the trait of being considerate and thoughtful of others
attentiveness	n.	the trait of being observant and paying attention
attenuate	v.	weaken the consistency of (a chemical substance)
attenuate	v.	become weaker, in strength, value, or magnitude
attenuate	adj.	reduced in strength
attenuation	n.	weakening in force or intensity
attenuation	n.	the property of something that has been weakened or reduced in thickness or density
attest	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
attest	v.	authenticate, affirm to be true, genuine, or correct, as in an official capacity
attest	v.	give testimony in a court of law
attest	v.	establish or verify the usage of
attestation	n.	the action of bearing witness
attestation	n.	the evidence by which something is attested
attested	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
attested	v.	authenticate, affirm to be true, genuine, or correct, as in an official capacity
attested	v.	give testimony in a court of law
attested	v.	establish or verify the usage of
attested	adj.	established as genuine
attic	n.	floor consisting of open space at the top of a house just below roof; often used for storage
attic	n.	the dialect of Ancient Greek spoken and written in Attica and Athens and Ionia
attic	n.	informal terms for a human head
attic	n.	(architecture) a low wall at the top of the entablature; hides the roof
attic	adj.	of or relating to Attica or its inhabitants or to the dialect spoken in Athens in classical times
attica	n.	the territory of Athens in ancient Greece where the Ionic dialect was spoken
attila	n.	king of the Huns; the most successful barbarian invader of the Roman Empire (406-453)
attire	n.	clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion
attire	v.	put on special clothes to appear particularly appealing and attractive
attitude	n.	a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and values and dispositions to act in certain ways
attitude	n.	the arrangement of the body and its limbs
attitude	n.	a theatrical pose created for effect
attitude	n.	position of aircraft or spacecraft relative to a frame of reference (the horizon or direction of motion)
attitudinal	adj.	of or relating to attitudes
attitudinize	v.	assume certain affected attitudes
attlee	n.	British statesman and leader of the Labour Party who instituted the welfare state in Britain (1883-1967)
attorney	n.	a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives legal advice
attract	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
attract	v.	be attractive to
attract	v.	exert a force on (a body) causing it to approach or prevent it from moving away
attraction	n.	the force by which one object attracts another
attraction	n.	an entertainment that is offered to the public
attraction	n.	the quality of arousing interest; being attractive or something that attracts
attraction	n.	a characteristic that provides pleasure and attracts
attraction	n.	an entertainer who attracts large audiences
attractive	adj.	pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm
attractive	adj.	having power to arouse interest
attractive	adj.	having the properties of a magnet; the ability to draw or pull
attractiveness	n.	the quality of arousing interest; being attractive or something that attracts
attractiveness	n.	sexual allure
attribute	n.	a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished
attribute	n.	an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of an entity
attribute	v.	attribute or credit to
attribute	v.	decide as to where something belongs in a scheme
attributed	v.	attribute or credit to
attributed	v.	decide as to where something belongs in a scheme
attribution	n.	assigning some quality or character to a person or thing
attribution	n.	assigning to a cause or source
attributive	adj.	of adjectives; placed before the nouns they modify
attrition	n.	erosion by friction
attrition	n.	the wearing down of rock particles by friction due to water or wind or ice
attrition	n.	sorrow for sin arising from fear of damnation
attrition	n.	a wearing down to weaken or destroy
attrition	n.	the act of rubbing together; wearing something down by friction
attune	v.	adjust or accustom to; bring into harmony with
atypical	adj.	not representative of a group, class, or type
atypical	adj.	deviating from normal expectations; somewhat odd, strange, or abnormal
au	n.	a soft yellow malleable ductile (trivalent and univalent) metallic element; occurs mainly as nuggets in rocks and alluvial deposits; does not react with most chemicals but is attacked by chlorine and aqua regia
au	n.	a unit of length used for distances within the solar system; equal to the mean distance between the Earth and the Sun (approximately 93 million miles or 150 million kilometers)
aubergine	n.	hairy upright herb native to southeastern Asia but widely cultivated for its large glossy edible fruit commonly used as a vegetable
aubergine	n.	egg-shaped vegetable having a shiny skin typically dark purple but occasionally white or yellow
auburn	adj.	(of hair) colored a moderate reddish-brown
auckland	n.	the largest city and principal port of New Zealand
auction	n.	a variety of bridge in which tricks made in excess of the contract are scored toward game; now generally superseded by contract bridge
auction	n.	the public sale of something to the highest bidder
auction	v.	sell at an auction
auctioneer	n.	an agent who conducts an auction
auctioneer	v.	sell at an auction
audacious	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
audacious	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
audacious	adj.	disposed to venture or take risks
audaciousness	n.	fearless daring
audaciousness	n.	aggressive boldness or unmitigated effrontery
audacity	n.	fearless daring
audacity	n.	aggressive boldness or unmitigated effrontery
auden	n.	United States poet (born in England) (1907-1973)
audibility	n.	quality or fact or degree of being audible or perceptible by the ear
audible	n.	a football play is changed orally after both teams have assumed their positions at the line of scrimmage
audible	adj.	heard or perceptible by the ear
audibly	adv.	in an audible manner
audience	n.	a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance
audience	n.	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment
audience	n.	an opportunity to state your case and be heard
audience	n.	a conference (usually with someone important)
audio	n.	the audible part of a transmitted signal
audio	n.	an audible acoustic wave frequency
audio	n.	a recording of acoustic signals
audio	n.	the sound elements of television
audiology	n.	the measurement of hearing
audiometer	n.	an instrument used to measure the sensitivity of hearing
audiotape	n.	a tape recording of sound
audiotape	n.	magnetic tape for use in recording sound
audiovisual	n.	materials using sight or sound to present information
audiovisual	adj.	involving both hearing and seeing (usually relating to teaching aids)
audiovisuals	n.	materials using sight or sound to present information
audit	n.	an inspection of the accounting procedures and records by a trained accountant or CPA
audit	n.	a methodical examination or review of a condition or situation
audit	v.	examine carefully for accuracy with the intent of verification
audit	v.	attend academic courses without getting credit
audition	n.	the ability to hear; the auditory faculty
audition	n.	a test of the suitability of a performer
audition	v.	perform in order to get a role
auditor	n.	someone who listens attentively
auditor	n.	a student who attends a course but does not take it for credit
auditor	n.	a qualified accountant who inspects the accounting records and practices of a business or other organization
auditorium	n.	the area of a theater or concert hall where the audience sits
auditory	adj.	of or relating to the process of hearing
audubon	n.	United States ornithologist and artist (born in Haiti) noted for his paintings of birds of America (1785-1851)
aug	n.	the month following July and preceding September
augean	adj.	extremely filthy from long neglect
auger	n.	a long flexible steel coil for dislodging stoppages in curved pipes
auger	n.	hand tool for boring holes
aught	n.	a quantity of no importance
augment	v.	enlarge or increase
augment	v.	grow or intensify
augmentation	n.	the amount by which something increases
augmentation	n.	the statement of a theme in notes of greater duration (usually twice the length of the original)
augmentation	n.	the act of augmenting
augmentative	adj.	increasing or having the power to increase especially in size or amount or degree
augmentative	adj.	intensifying by augmentation and enhancement
augur	n.	(ancient Rome) a religious official who interpreted omens to guide public policy
augur	v.	indicate by signs
augur	v.	predict from an omen
augury	n.	an event that is experienced as indicating important things to come
august	n.	the month following July and preceding September
august	adj.	of or befitting a lord
august	adj.	profoundly honored
augusta	n.	the capital of the state of Maine
augusta	n.	a city in eastern Georgia north-northwest of Savannah; noted for golf tournaments
augustan	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the times of the Roman Emperor Augustus
augustine	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) one of the great Fathers of the early Christian church; after a dramatic conversion to Christianity he became bishop of Hippo Regius in North Africa; St. Augustine emphasized man's need for grace (354-430)
augustinian	n.	a Roman Catholic friar or monk belonging to one of the Augustinian monastic orders
augustus	n.	Roman statesman who established the Roman Empire and became emperor in 27 BC; defeated Mark Antony and Cleopatra in 31 BC at Actium (63 BC - AD 14)
auk	n.	black-and-white short-necked web-footed diving bird of northern seas
aunt	n.	the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle
auntie	n.	the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle
aura	n.	a sensation (as of a cold breeze or bright light) that precedes the onset of certain disorders such as a migraine attack or epileptic seizure
aura	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
aura	n.	a distinctive but intangible quality surrounding a person or thing
aural	adj.	of or pertaining to hearing or the ear
aural	adj.	relating to or characterized by an aura
aurelius	n.	Emperor of Rome; nephew and son-in-law and adoptive son of Antonius Pius; Stoic philosopher; the decline of the Roman Empire began under Marcus Aurelius (121-180)
aureole	n.	the outermost region of the sun's atmosphere; visible as a white halo during a solar eclipse
aureole	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
aureomycin	n.	a yellow crystalline antibiotic (trade name Aureomycin) used to treat certain bacterial and rickettsial diseases
auricle	n.	a small conical pouch projecting from the upper anterior part of each atrium of the heart
auricle	n.	the externally visible cartilaginous structure of the external ear
auricular	adj.	of or relating to near the ear
auricular	adj.	relating to or perceived by or shaped like the organ of hearing; - George Santayana
auricular	adj.	pertaining to an auricle of the heart
auriga	n.	a conspicuous constellation in the northern hemisphere; between Great Bear and Orion at edge of Milky Way
aurora	n.	the first light of day
aurora	n.	an atmospheric phenomenon consisting of bands of light caused by charged solar particles following the earth's magnetic lines of force
aurora	n.	(Roman mythology) goddess of the dawn; counterpart of Greek Eos
auschwitz	n.	a Nazi concentration camp for Jews in southwestern Poland during World War II
auscultate	v.	examine by auscultation
auscultation	n.	listening to sounds within the body (usually with a stethoscope)
auspice	n.	a favorable omen
auspicious	adj.	auguring favorable circumstances and good luck
auspiciousness	n.	the favorable quality of strongly indicating a successful result
aussie	n.	a native or inhabitant of Australia
austen	n.	English novelist noted for her insightful portrayals of middle-class families (1775-1817)
austere	adj.	severely simple
austere	adj.	of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect
austere	adj.	practicing great self-denial; - William James
austerity	n.	the trait of great self-denial (especially refraining from worldly pleasures)
austerlitz	n.	a town in Czech Republic; site of the battle of Austerlitz in 1805
austerlitz	n.	a decisive battle during the Napoleonic campaigns (1805); the French under Napoleon defeated the Russian armies of Czar Alexander I and the Austrian armies of Emperor Francis II
austin	n.	state capital of Texas on the Colorado River; site of the University of Texas
austral	n.	the basic unit of money in Argentina; equal to 100 centavos
austral	adj.	of the south or coming from the south
australasia	n.	Australia, New Zealand, and neighboring islands in the South Pacific
australasian	adj.	relating to or found in Australasia
australia	n.	a nation occupying the whole of the Australian continent; Aboriginal tribes are thought to have migrated from southeastern Asia 20,000 years ago; first Europeans were British convicts sent there as a penal colony
australia	n.	the smallest continent; between the South Pacific and the Indian Ocean
australian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Australia
australian	n.	the Austronesian languages spoken by Australian aborigines
australian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Australia or its inhabitants or its languages
australopithecus	n.	extinct genus of African hominid
austria	n.	a mountainous republic in central Europe; under the Habsburgs (1278-1918) Austria maintained control of the Holy Roman Empire and was a leader in European politics until the 19th century
austrian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Austria
austrian	adj.	of or relating to Austria or its people or culture
austronesian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Austronesia
austronesian	n.	the family of languages spoken in Australia and Formosa and Malaysia and Polynesia
austronesian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Austronesia or its people or culture
authentic	adj.	conforming to fact and therefore worthy of belief
authentic	adj.	not counterfeit or copied
authentically	adv.	genuinely; with authority
authenticate	v.	establish the authenticity of something
authenticated	v.	establish the authenticity of something
authenticated	adj.	established as genuine
authentication	n.	a mark on an article of trade to indicate its origin and authenticity
authentication	n.	validating the authenticity of something or someone
authenticity	n.	undisputed credibility
author	n.	writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay)
author	n.	someone who originates or causes or initiates something
author	v.	be the author of
authoress	n.	a woman author
authorial	adj.	of or by or typical of an author
authoritarian	n.	a person who behaves in a tyrannical manner
authoritarian	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
authoritarian	adj.	expecting unquestioning obedience
authoritarianism	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
authoritative	adj.	having authority or ascendancy or influence
authoritative	adj.	of recognized authority or excellence
authoritative	adj.	sanctioned by established authority
authority	n.	the power or right to give orders or make decisions
authority	n.	(usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative) control over others
authority	n.	an expert whose views are taken as definitive
authority	n.	freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities
authority	n.	an administrative unit of government
authority	n.	official permission or approval
authority	n.	an authoritative written work
authorization	n.	a document giving an official instruction or command
authorization	n.	the power or right to give orders or make decisions
authorization	n.	official permission or approval
authorization	n.	the act of conferring legality or sanction or formal warrant
authorize	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
authorize	v.	give or delegate power or authority to
authorized	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
authorized	v.	give or delegate power or authority to
authorized	adj.	endowed with authority
authorized	adj.	sanctioned by established authority
authorship	n.	the act of creating written works
authorship	n.	the act of initiating a new idea or theory or writing
autism	n.	(psychiatry) an abnormal absorption with the self; marked by communication disorders and short attention span and inability to treat others as people
autistic	adj.	characteristic of or affected with autism
auto	n.	a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine
autobahn	n.	an expressway in a German-speaking country
autobiographer	n.	someone who writes their own biography
autobiographic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of an autobiographer
autobiographic	adj.	relating to or in the style of an autobiography
autobiographical	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of an autobiographer
autobiographical	adj.	relating to or in the style of an autobiography
autobiography	n.	a biography of yourself
autoclave	n.	a device for heating substances above their boiling point; used to manufacture chemicals or to sterilize surgical instruments
autoclave	v.	subject to the action of an autoclave
autocracy	n.	a political system governed by a single individual
autocracy	n.	a political theory favoring unlimited authority by a single individual
autocrat	n.	a cruel and oppressive dictator
autocratic	adj.	offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power
autocratic	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
autocratically	adv.	in an overbearingly domineering manner; as a dictator
autocratically	adv.	in an autocratic manner
autodidact	n.	a person who has taught himself
autograph	n.	something written by one's own hand
autograph	n.	a person's own signature
autograph	v.	mark with one's signature
autographs	n.	something written by one's own hand
autographs	n.	a person's own signature
autographs	v.	mark with one's signature
autoimmune	adj.	of or relating to the immune response of the body against substance normally present in the body
autoimmunity	n.	production of antibodies against the tissues of your own body; produces autoimmune disease or hypersensitivity reactions
automaker	n.	a business engaged in the manufacture of automobiles
automate	v.	make automatic or control or operate automatically
automatic	n.	light machine gun
automatic	n.	a pistol that will keep firing until the ammunition is gone or the trigger is released
automatic	adj.	operating with minimal human intervention; independent of external control
automatic	adj.	resembling the unthinking functioning of a machine
automatic	adj.	without volition or conscious control
automatically	adv.	in a reflex manner
automatically	adv.	in a mechanical manner; by a mechanism
automation	n.	the act of implementing the control of equipment with advanced technology; usually involving electronic hardware
automation	n.	the condition of being automatically operated or controlled
automation	n.	equipment used to achieve automatic control or operation
automatism	n.	any reaction that occurs automatically without conscious thought or reflection (especially the undirected behavior seen in psychomotor epilepsy)
automatize	v.	turn into an automaton
automatize	v.	make automatic or control or operate automatically
automaton	n.	someone who acts or responds in a mechanical or apathetic way
automaton	n.	a mechanism that can move automatically
automobile	n.	a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine
automobile	v.	travel in an automobile
automotive	adj.	of or relating to motor vehicles
automotive	adj.	containing within itself the means of propulsion or movement
autonomic	adj.	relating to or controlled by the autonomic nervous system
autonomous	adj.	(of political bodies) not controlled by outside forces
autonomous	adj.	existing as an independent entity
autonomous	adj.	(of persons) free from external control and constraint in e.g. action and judgment
autonomy	n.	immunity from arbitrary exercise of authority: political independence
autonomy	n.	personal independence
autopilot	n.	a cognitive state in which you act without self-awareness
autopilot	n.	a navigational device that automatically keeps ships or planes or spacecraft on a steady course
autopsy	n.	an examination and dissection of a dead body to determine cause of death or the changes produced by disease
autopsy	v.	perform an autopsy on a dead body; do a post-mortem
autosuggestion	n.	a system for self-improvement developed by Emile Coue which was popular in the 1920s and 1930s
autumn	n.	the season when the leaves fall from the trees
autumnal	adj.	of or characteristic of or occurring in autumn
autumnal	adj.	characteristic of late maturity verging on decline
auxiliary	n.	someone who acts as assistant
auxiliary	adj.	functioning in a supporting capacity
auxiliary	adj.	furnishing added support
auxin	n.	a plant hormone that promotes root formation and bud growth
av	n.	the eleventh month of the civil year; the fifth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in July and August)
avail	n.	a means of serving
avail	v.	use to one's advantage
avail	v.	be of use to, be useful to
avail	v.	take or use
availability	n.	the quality of being at hand when needed
available	adj.	obtainable or accessible and ready for use or service
available	adj.	not busy; not otherwise committed
available	adj.	convenient for use or disposal
avalanche	n.	a slide of large masses of snow and ice and mud down a mountain
avalanche	n.	a sudden appearance of an overwhelming number of things
avalanche	v.	gather into a huge mass and roll down a mountain, of snow
avarice	n.	reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins)
avarice	n.	extreme greed for material wealth
avaricious	adj.	immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
avatar	n.	a new personification of a familiar idea
avatar	n.	the manifestation of a Hindu deity (especially Vishnu) in human or superhuman or animal form
avenge	v.	take revenge for a perceived wrong
avenger	n.	someone who takes vengeance
avenue	n.	a line of approach
avenue	n.	a wide street or thoroughfare
average	n.	a statistic describing the location of a distribution
average	n.	(sports) the ratio of successful performances to opportunities
average	n.	an intermediate scale value regarded as normal or usual
average	v.	amount to or come to an average, without loss or gain
average	v.	achieve or reach on average
average	v.	compute the average of
average	adj.	approximating the statistical norm or average or expected value
average	adj.	lacking special distinction, rank, or status; commonly encountered
average	adj.	lacking exceptional quality or ability
average	adj.	around the middle of a scale of evaluation
average	adj.	relating to or constituting the most frequent value in a distribution
average	adj.	relating to or constituting the middle value of an ordered set of values (or the average of the middle two in a set with an even number of values)
averred	v.	report or maintain
averred	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
averring	v.	report or maintain
averring	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
averroes	n.	Arabian philosopher born in Spain; wrote detailed commentaries on Aristotle that were admired by the Schoolmen (1126-1198)
averse	adj.	(usually followed by `to') strongly opposed
aversion	n.	a feeling of intense dislike
aversion	n.	the act of turning yourself (or your gaze) away
avert	v.	prevent the occurrence of; prevent from happening
avert	v.	turn away or aside
avesta	n.	a collection of Zoroastrian texts gathered during the 4th or 6th centuries
avian	adj.	pertaining to or characteristic of birds
aviary	n.	a building where birds are kept
aviation	n.	the aggregation of a country's military aircraft
aviation	n.	the operation of aircraft to provide transportation
aviation	n.	the art of operating aircraft
aviation	n.	travel via aircraft
aviator	n.	someone who operates an aircraft
aviatrix	n.	a woman aviator
avicenna	n.	Arabian physician and influential Islamic philosopher; his interpretation of Aristotle influenced St. Thomas Aquinas; writings on medicine were important for almost 500 years (980-1037)
avid	adj.	(often followed by `for') ardently or excessively desirous
avid	adj.	marked by active interest and enthusiasm
avidity	n.	a positive feeling of wanting to push ahead with something
avignon	n.	a town in southeastern France on the Rhone River; the seat of the papacy from 1309 to 1378 and the residence of antipopes during the Great Schism
avionic	adj.	of or relating to avionics
avionics	n.	science and technology of electronic systems and devices for aeronautics and astronautics
avitaminosis	n.	any of several diseases caused by deficiency of one or more vitamins
avocado	n.	a pear-shaped tropical fruit with green or blackish skin and rich yellowish pulp enclosing a single large seed
avocado	n.	tropical American tree bearing large pulpy green fruits
avocado	adj.	of the dull yellowish green of the meat of an avocado
avocation	n.	an auxiliary activity
avocational	adj.	of or involved in an avocation
avogadro	n.	Italian physicist noted for his work on gases; proposed what has come to be called Avogadro's law (1776-1856)
avoid	v.	stay clear from; keep away from; keep out of the way of someone or something
avoid	v.	prevent the occurrence of; prevent from happening
avoid	v.	refrain from doing something
avoid	v.	refrain from certain foods or beverages
avoid	v.	declare invalid
avoidable	adj.	capable of being avoided or warded off
avoidance	n.	deliberately avoiding; keeping away from or preventing from happening
avoirdupois	n.	a system of weights based on the 16-ounce pound (or 7,000 grains)
avoirdupois	n.	excess bodily weight
avon	n.	a river in southwestern England rising in Gloucestershire and flowing through Bristol to empty into the estuary of the Severn
avon	n.	a river in central England that flows through Stratford-on-Avon and empties into the Severn
avon	n.	a county in southwestern England
avouch	v.	admit openly and bluntly; make no bones about
avow	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
avow	v.	admit openly and bluntly; make no bones about
avowal	n.	a statement asserting the existence or the truth of something
avowed	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
avowed	v.	admit openly and bluntly; make no bones about
avowed	adj.	openly declared as such
avuncular	adj.	resembling a uncle in kindness or indulgence
avuncular	adj.	being or relating to an uncle
await	v.	look forward to the probable occurrence of
awake	v.	stop sleeping
awake	adj.	not in a state of sleep; completely conscious
awake	adj.	mentally perceptive and responsive
awaken	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
awaken	v.	stop sleeping
awaken	v.	make aware
awakening	n.	the act of waking
awakening	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
awakening	v.	stop sleeping
awakening	v.	make aware
award	n.	a grant made by a law court
award	n.	a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction
award	n.	something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for winning a lottery
award	v.	give, especially as an honor or reward
award	v.	give as judged due or on the basis of merit
aware	adj.	(sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or realization or perception
aware	adj.	bearing in mind; attentive to
awareness	n.	having knowledge of
awareness	n.	state of elementary or undifferentiated consciousness
awash	adj.	covered with water
away	adj.	not present; having left
away	adj.	used of an opponent's ground
away	adj.	(of a baseball pitch) on the far side of home plate from the batter
away	adv.	from a particular thing or place or position (`forth' is obsolete)
away	adv.	from one's possession
away	adv.	out of the way (especially away from one's thoughts)
away	adv.	out of existence; ; - H.E.Scudder
away	adv.	at a distance in space or time
away	adv.	indicating continuing action; continuously or steadily
away	adv.	so as to be removed or gotten rid of
away	adv.	freely or at will
away	adv.	in or into a proper place (especially for storage or safekeeping)
away	adv.	in a different direction
away	adv.	in reserve; not for immediate use
awe	n.	an overwhelming feeling of wonder or admiration
awe	n.	a feeling of profound respect for someone or something
awe	v.	inspire awe in
aweigh	adj.	(used of an anchor) hanging clear of the bottom
aweigh	adj.	(of an anchor) just clear of the bottom
awesome	adj.	inspiring awe or admiration or wonder; ; ; ; - Melville
awestruck	adj.	having or showing a feeling of mixed reverence and respect and wonder and dread
awful	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
awful	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
awful	adj.	offensive or even (of persons) malicious; ; ; ; ; ; - Ezra Pound
awful	adj.	inspired by a feeling of fearful wonderment or reverence
awful	adj.	extreme in degree or extent or amount or impact
awful	adj.	inspiring awe or admiration or wonder; ; ; ; - Melville
awful	adv.	used as intensifiers
awfulness	n.	a quality of extreme unpleasantness
awhile	adv.	for a short time
awkward	adj.	causing inconvenience
awkward	adj.	lacking grace or skill in manner or movement or performance
awkward	adj.	difficult to handle or manage especially because of shape
awkward	adj.	not elegant or graceful in expression
awkward	adj.	hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment
awkward	adj.	socially uncomfortable; unsure and constrained in manner
awkwardness	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
awkwardness	n.	the quality of an embarrassing situation
awkwardness	n.	the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are ungainly or inelegant
awkwardness	n.	the inelegance of someone stiff and unrelaxed (as by embarrassment)
awkwardness	n.	trouble in carrying or managing caused by bulk or shape
awl	n.	a pointed tool for marking surfaces or for punching small holes
awn	n.	slender bristlelike appendage found on the bracts of grasses
awning	n.	a canopy made of canvas to shelter people or things from rain or sun
awoke	v.	stop sleeping
awoken	v.	stop sleeping
awol	n.	one who is away or absent without leave
awol	adj.	absent without permission
awry	adj.	turned or twisted toward one side; - G.K.Chesterton
awry	adj.	not functioning properly
awry	adv.	away from the correct or expected course
awry	adv.	turned or twisted to one side
ax	n.	an edge tool with a heavy bladed head mounted across a handle
ax	v.	chop or split with an ax
ax	v.	terminate
axial	adj.	of or relating to or resembling an axis of rotation
axial	adj.	relating to or attached to the axis
axial	adj.	situated on or along or in the direction of an axis
axiom	n.	a saying that is widely accepted on its own merits
axiom	n.	(logic) a proposition that is not susceptible of proof or disproof; its truth is assumed to be self-evident
axiomatic	adj.	evident without proof or argument
axiomatic	adj.	containing aphorisms or maxims
axiomatic	adj.	of or relating to or derived from axioms; ; - S.S.Stevens
axiomatically	adv.	on the basis of axioms
axis	n.	a straight line through a body or figure that satisfies certain conditions
axis	n.	the main stem or central part about which plant organs or plant parts such as branches are arranged
axis	n.	in World War II the alliance of Germany and Italy in 1936 which later included Japan and other nations
axis	n.	a group of countries in special alliance
axis	n.	the 2nd cervical vertebra; serves as a pivot for turning the head
axis	n.	the center around which something rotates
axle	n.	a shaft on which a wheel rotates
axletree	n.	a dead axle on a carriage or wagon that has terminal spindles on which the wheels revolve
axolotl	n.	larval salamander of mountain lakes of Mexico that usually lives without metamorphosing
axon	n.	long nerve fiber that conducts away from the cell body of the neuron
ayah	n.	(in India) a native nursemaid who looks after children
ayahs	n.	(in India) a native nursemaid who looks after children
ayatollah	n.	a high-ranking Shiite religious leader who is regarded as an authority on religious law and its interpretation and who has political power as well
ayatollahs	n.	a high-ranking Shiite religious leader who is regarded as an authority on religious law and its interpretation and who has political power as well
ayrshire	n.	hardy breed of dairy cattle from Ayr, Scotland
ayurveda	n.	(Sanskrit) an ancient medical treatise summarizing the Hindu art of healing and prolonging life; sometimes regarded as a 5th Veda
az	n.	the azimuth of a celestial body is the angle between the vertical plane containing it and the plane of the meridian
az	n.	a state in southwestern United States; site of the Grand Canyon
azalea	n.	any of numerous ornamental shrubs grown for their showy flowers of various colors
azerbaijan	n.	a landlocked republic in southwestern Asia; formerly an Asian soviet
azerbaijani	n.	a native or inhabitant of Azerbaijan
azerbaijani	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Azerbaijani
azerbaijani	adj.	of or pertaining to Azerbaijan or the people or culture of Azerbaijan
azimuth	n.	the azimuth of a celestial body is the angle between the vertical plane containing it and the plane of the meridian
azimuths	n.	the azimuth of a celestial body is the angle between the vertical plane containing it and the plane of the meridian
azores	n.	islands in the Atlantic Ocean belonging to Portugal
azt	n.	an antiviral drug (trade name Retrovir) used in the treatment of AIDS; adverse side effects include liver damage and suppression of the bone marrow
aztec	n.	a member of the Nahuatl people who established an empire in Mexico that was overthrown by Cortes in 1519
aztecan	n.	the Uto-Aztecan language spoken by the Aztec
azure	n.	a light shade of blue
azure	v.	color azure
azure	adj.	of a deep somewhat purplish blue color similar to that of a clear October sky
b	n.	aerobic rod-shaped spore-producing bacterium; often occurring in chainlike formations; found primarily in soil
b	n.	originally thought to be a single vitamin but now separated into several B vitamins
b	n.	a trivalent metalloid element; occurs both in a hard black crystal and in the form of a yellow or brown powder
b	n.	a logarithmic unit of sound intensity equal to 10 decibels
b	n.	(physics) a unit of nuclear cross section; the effective circular area that one particle presents to another as a target for an encounter
b	n.	the 2nd letter of the Roman alphabet
b	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry the B antigen
ba	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the alkali earth group; found in barite
ba	n.	a bachelor's degree in arts and sciences
baa	n.	the cry made by sheep
baa	v.	cry plaintively
baal	n.	any of numerous local fertility and nature deities worshipped by ancient Semitic peoples; the Hebrews considered Baal a false god
babbitt	n.	an alloy of tin with some copper and antimony; a lining for bearings that reduces friction
babbitt	v.	line with a Babbitt metal
babble	n.	gibberish resembling the sounds of a baby
babble	v.	utter meaningless sounds, like a baby, or utter in an incoherent way
babble	v.	to talk foolishly
babble	v.	flow in an irregular current with a bubbling noise
babble	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
babbler	n.	an obnoxious and foolish and loquacious talker
babbler	n.	any of various insectivorous Old World birds with a loud incessant song; in some classifications considered members of the family Muscicapidae
babe	n.	a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk
babe	n.	(slang) sometimes used as a term of address for attractive young women
babel	n.	(Genesis 11:1-11) a tower built by Noah's descendants (probably in Babylon) who intended it to reach up to heaven; God foiled them by confusing their language so they could no longer understand one another
babel	n.	a confusion of voices and other sounds
baboon	n.	large terrestrial monkeys having doglike muzzles
babushka	n.	a woman's headscarf folded into a triangle and tied under the chin; worn by Russian peasant women
baby	n.	a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk
baby	n.	the youngest member of a group (not necessarily young)
baby	n.	an immature childish person
baby	n.	an unborn child; a human fetus
baby	n.	(slang) sometimes used as a term of address for attractive young women
baby	n.	a very young mammal
baby	n.	a project of personal concern to someone
baby	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
babyhood	n.	the early stage of growth or development
babyhood	n.	the earliest state of immaturity
babyish	adj.	characteristic of a baby
babylon	n.	the chief city of ancient Mesopotamia and capital of the ancient kingdom of Babylonia
babylonia	n.	an ancient kingdom in southern Mesopotamia; Babylonia conquered Israel in the 6th century BC and exiled the Jews to Babylon (where Daniel became a counselor to the king)
babylonian	n.	an inhabitant of ancient Babylon
babylonian	n.	the ideographic and syllabic writing system in which the ancient Babylonian language was written
babylonian	adj.	of or relating to the city of Babylon or its people or culture
babysitter	n.	a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home
babysitting	n.	the work of a baby sitter; caring for children when their parents are not home
baccalaureate	n.	a farewell sermon to a graduating class at their commencement ceremonies
baccalaureate	n.	an academic degree conferred on someone who has successfully completed undergraduate studies
baccarat	n.	a card game played in casinos in which two or more punters gamble against the banker; the player wins who holds 2 or 3 cards that total closest to nine
bacchanal	n.	someone who engages in drinking bouts
bacchanal	n.	a drunken reveller; a devotee of Bacchus
bacchanal	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
bacchanal	adj.	used of riotously drunken merrymaking
bacchanalia	n.	an orgiastic festival in ancient Greece in honor of Dionysus (= Bacchus)
bacchanalia	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
bacchanalian	adj.	used of riotously drunken merrymaking
bacchic	adj.	used of riotously drunken merrymaking
bacchus	n.	(classical mythology) god of wine; equivalent of Dionysus
baccy	n.	leaves of the tobacco plant dried and prepared for smoking or ingestion
bach	n.	German baroque organist and contrapuntist; composed mostly keyboard music; one of the greatest creators of western music (1685-1750)
bach	n.	the music of Bach
bach	v.	lead a bachelor's existence
bachelor	n.	a man who has never been married
bachelor	n.	a knight of the lowest order; could display only a pennon
bachelor	v.	lead a bachelor's existence
bachelorhood	n.	the time of a man's life prior to marriage
bachelorhood	n.	the state of being an unmarried man
bacillary	adj.	relating to or produced by or containing bacilli
bacillary	adj.	formed like a bacillus
bacilli	n.	aerobic rod-shaped spore-producing bacterium; often occurring in chainlike formations; found primarily in soil
bacillus	n.	aerobic rod-shaped spore-producing bacterium; often occurring in chainlike formations; found primarily in soil
back	n.	the posterior part of a human (or animal) body from the neck to the end of the spine
back	n.	the side that goes last or is not normally seen
back	n.	the part of something that is furthest from the normal viewer
back	n.	(football) a person who plays in the backfield
back	n.	the series of vertebrae forming the axis of the skeleton and protecting the spinal cord
back	n.	the protective covering on the front, back, and spine of a book
back	n.	the part of a garment that covers the back of your body
back	n.	a support that you can lean against while sitting
back	n.	(American football) the position of a player on a football team who is stationed behind the line of scrimmage
back	v.	be behind; approve of
back	v.	travel backward
back	v.	give support or one's approval to
back	v.	cause to travel backward
back	v.	support financial backing for
back	v.	be in back of
back	v.	place a bet on
back	v.	shift to a counterclockwise direction
back	v.	establish as valid or genuine
back	v.	strengthen by providing with a back or backing
back	adj.	related to or located at the back
back	adj.	located at or near the back of an animal
back	adj.	of an earlier date
back	adv.	in or to or toward a former location
back	adv.	at or to or toward the back or rear
back	adv.	in or to or toward an original condition
back	adv.	in or to or toward a past time
back	adv.	in reply
back	adv.	in repayment or retaliation
backache	n.	an ache localized in the back
backbench	n.	any of the seats occupied by backbenchers in the House of Commons
backbit	v.	say mean things
backbite	v.	say mean things
backbiter	n.	one who attacks the reputation of another by slander or libel
backbitten	v.	say mean things
backboard	n.	a raised vertical board with basket attached; used to play basketball
backboard	n.	a board used to support the back of someone or something
backbone	n.	a central cohesive source of support and stability
backbone	n.	fortitude and determination
backbone	n.	the series of vertebrae forming the axis of the skeleton and protecting the spinal cord
backbone	n.	the part of a book's cover that encloses the inner side of the book's pages and that faces outward when the book is shelved
backbone	n.	the part of a network that connects other networks together
backbreaking	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
backchat	n.	light teasing repartee
backcloth	n.	scenery hung at back of stage
backcloths	n.	scenery hung at back of stage
backdate	v.	make effective from an earlier date
backdoor	n.	an undocumented way to get access to a computer system or the data it contains
backdoor	n.	an entrance at the rear of a building
backdoor	n.	a secret or underhand means of access (to a place or a position)
backdrop	n.	scenery hung at back of stage
backer	n.	invests in a theatrical production
backfield	n.	the offensive football players who line up behind the linemen
backfire	n.	the backward escape of gases and unburned gunpowder after a gun is fired
backfire	n.	a loud noise made by the explosion of fuel in the manifold or exhaust of an internal combustion engine
backfire	n.	a fire that is set intentionally in order to slow an approaching forest fire or grassfire by clearing a burned area in its path
backfire	n.	a miscalculation that recoils on its maker
backfire	v.	come back to the originator of an action with an undesired effect
backfire	v.	emit a loud noise as a result of undergoing a backfire
backfire	v.	set a controlled fire to halt an advancing forest to prairie fire
backgammon	n.	a board game for two players; pieces move according to throws of the dice
background	n.	a person's social heritage: previous experience or training
background	n.	the part of a scene (or picture) that lies behind objects in the foreground
background	n.	information that is essential to understanding a situation or problem
background	n.	extraneous signals that can be confused with the phenomenon to be observed or measured
background	n.	relatively unimportant or inconspicuous accompanying situation
background	n.	the state of the environment in which a situation exists
background	n.	(computer science) the area of the screen in graphical user interfaces against which icons and windows appear
background	n.	scenery hung at back of stage
background	v.	understate the importance or quality of
backgrounder	n.	a press conference or interview in which a government official explains to reporters the background of an action or policy
backhand	n.	a return made with the back of the hand facing the direction of the stroke
backhand	v.	hit a tennis ball backhand
backhand	adj.	(of racket strokes) made across the body with back of hand facing direction of stroke
backhand	adj.	(of handwriting) having the letters slanting backward
backhanded	v.	hit a tennis ball backhand
backhanded	adj.	(of racket strokes) made across the body with back of hand facing direction of stroke
backhanded	adj.	roundabout or ambiguous
backhander	n.	a backhanded blow
backhander	adj.	(of racket strokes) made across the body with back of hand facing direction of stroke
backhander	adj.	(of handwriting) having the letters slanting backward
backhoe	n.	an excavator whose shovel bucket is attached to a hinged boom and is drawn backward to move earth
backing	n.	the act of providing approval and support
backing	n.	something forming a back that is added for strengthening
backing	n.	financial resources provided to make some project possible
backing	v.	be behind; approve of
backing	v.	travel backward
backing	v.	give support or one's approval to
backing	v.	cause to travel backward
backing	v.	support financial backing for
backing	v.	be in back of
backing	v.	place a bet on
backing	v.	shift to a counterclockwise direction
backing	v.	establish as valid or genuine
backing	v.	strengthen by providing with a back or backing
backlash	n.	a movement back from an impact
backlash	n.	an adverse reaction to some political or social occurrence
backlash	v.	come back to the originator of an action with an undesired effect
backless	adj.	lacking a back
backlog	n.	an accumulation of jobs not done or materials not processed that are yet to be dealt with (especially unfilled customer orders for products or services)
backlog	n.	the large log at the back of a hearth fire
backlog	n.	something kept back or saved for future use or a special purpose
backlog	v.	accumulate and create a backlog
backpack	n.	a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder
backpack	v.	hike with a backpack
backpacker	n.	a hiker who wears a backpack
backpacking	n.	carrying something in a pack on the back
backpacking	v.	hike with a backpack
backpedal	v.	pedal backwards on a bicycle
backpedal	v.	step backwards, in boxing
backpedal	v.	modify one's opinion, make it less strong
backrest	n.	a support that you can lean against while sitting
backroom	n.	the meeting place of a group of leaders who make their decisions via private negotiations
backseat	n.	a secondary or inferior position or status
backseat	n.	a seat at the back of a vehicle (especially the seat at the back of an automobile)
backside	n.	the side of an object that is opposite its front
backside	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
backslapper	n.	someone who demonstrates enthusiastic or excessive cordiality
backslid	v.	drop to a lower level, as in one's morals or standards
backslide	v.	drop to a lower level, as in one's morals or standards
backslider	n.	someone who lapses into previous undesirable patterns of behavior
backspace	n.	the typewriter key used for back spacing
backspace	v.	hit the backspace key on a computer or typewriter keyboard
backspin	n.	spin (usually of a moving ball) that retards or reverses the forward motion
backstage	n.	a stage area out of sight of the audience
backstage	adj.	concealed from public view or attention
backstage	adv.	out of view of the public; behind the scenes
backstage	adv.	in or to a backstage area of a theater
backstair	adj.	secret and sly or sordid; ; - A.L.Guerard
backstop	n.	(baseball) the person who plays the position of catcher
backstop	n.	(baseball) a fence or screen (as behind home plate) to prevent the ball from traveling out of the playing field
backstop	n.	a precaution in case of an emergency
backstop	v.	act as a backstop
backstroke	n.	a swimming stroke that resembles the crawl except the swimmer lies on his or her back
backstroke	v.	swim on one's back
backtalk	n.	an impudent or insolent rejoinder
backtrack	v.	retrace one's course
backup	n.	an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage
backup	n.	someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)
backup	n.	a musical part (vocal or instrumental) that supports or provides background for other musical parts
backup	n.	(computer science) a copy of a file or directory on a separate storage device
backup	n.	the act of providing approval and support
backward	adj.	directed or facing toward the back or rear
backward	adj.	(used of temperament or behavior) marked by a retiring nature
backward	adj.	retarded in intellectual development
backward	adj.	having made less than normal progress
backward	adv.	at or to or toward the back or rear
backward	adv.	in a manner or order or direction the reverse of normal
backward	adv.	in or to or toward a past time
backwardness	n.	lack of normal development of intellectual capacities
backwash	n.	the flow of air that is driven backwards by an aircraft propeller
backwash	n.	the consequences of an event (especially a catastrophic event)
backwash	n.	the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward
backwater	n.	a body of water that was created by a flood or tide or by being held or forced back by a dam
backwater	n.	a place or condition in which no development or progress is occurring
backwoods	n.	a remote and undeveloped area
backwoodsman	n.	a man who lives on the frontier
backwoodsmen	n.	a man who lives on the frontier
backyard	n.	the grounds in back of a house
bacon	n.	back and sides of a hog salted and dried or smoked; usually sliced thin and fried
bacon	n.	English scientist and Franciscan monk who stressed the importance of experimentation; first showed that air is required for combustion and first used lenses to correct vision (1220-1292)
bacon	n.	English statesman and philosopher; precursor of British empiricism; advocated inductive reasoning (1561-1626)
bacteria	n.	(microbiology) single-celled or noncellular spherical or spiral or rod-shaped organisms lacking chlorophyll that reproduce by fission; important as pathogens and for biochemical properties; taxonomy is difficult; often considered to be plants
bacterial	adj.	relating to or caused by bacteria
bactericidal	adj.	preventing infection by inhibiting the growth or action of microorganisms
bactericide	n.	any chemical agent that destroys bacteria
bactericide	n.	any drug that destroys bacteria or inhibits their growth
bacteriologic	adj.	of or relating to bacteriology
bacteriological	adj.	of or relating to bacteriology
bacteriologist	n.	a biologist who studies bacteria
bacteriology	n.	the branch of medical science that studies bacteria in relation to disease
bacterium	n.	(microbiology) single-celled or noncellular spherical or spiral or rod-shaped organisms lacking chlorophyll that reproduce by fission; important as pathogens and for biochemical properties; taxonomy is difficult; often considered to be plants
bad	n.	that which is below standard or expectations as of ethics or decency
bad	adj.	having undesirable or negative qualities
bad	adj.	very intense
bad	adj.	feeling physical discomfort or pain (`tough' is occasionally used colloquially for `bad')
bad	adj.	(of foodstuffs) not in an edible or usable condition
bad	adj.	feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
bad	adj.	not capable of being collected
bad	adj.	below average in quality or performance
bad	adj.	nonstandard
bad	adj.	not financially safe or secure
bad	adj.	physically unsound or diseased
bad	adj.	capable of harming
bad	adj.	characterized by wickedness or immorality
bad	adj.	reproduced fraudulently
bad	adj.	not working properly
bad	adv.	with great intensity (`bad' is a nonstandard variant for `badly')
bad	adv.	very much; strongly
baddie	n.	the principal bad character in a film or work of fiction
bade	n.	a Chadic language spoken in northern Nigeria
bade	v.	propose a payment
bade	v.	invoke upon
bade	v.	ask for or request earnestly
bade	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
bade	v.	make a serious effort to attain something
bade	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
badge	n.	an emblem (a small piece of plastic or cloth or metal) that signifies your status (rank or membership or affiliation etc.)
badge	n.	any feature that is regarded as a sign of status (a particular power or quality or rank)
badge	v.	put a badge on
badger	n.	a native or resident of Wisconsin
badger	n.	sturdy carnivorous burrowing mammal with strong claws; widely distributed in the northern hemisphere
badger	v.	annoy persistently
badger	v.	persuade through constant efforts
badinage	n.	frivolous banter
badlands	n.	deeply eroded barren land
badlands	n.	an eroded and barren region in southwestern South Dakota and northwestern Nebraska
badminton	n.	a game played on a court with light long-handled rackets used to volley a shuttlecock over a net
badmouth	v.	speak unfavorably about
badmouths	v.	speak unfavorably about
badness	n.	that which is below standard or expectations as of ethics or decency
badness	n.	used of the degree of something undesirable e.g. pain or weather
badness	n.	an attribute of mischievous children
baedeker	n.	German publisher of a series of travel guidebooks (1801-1859)
baedeker	n.	any of a series of travel guidebooks published by the German firm founded by Karl Baedeker
baffle	n.	a flat plate that controls or directs the flow of fluid or energy
baffle	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
baffle	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
baffle	v.	check the emission of (sound)
bafflement	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
bag	n.	a flexible container with a single opening
bag	n.	the quantity of game taken in a particular period (usually by one person)
bag	n.	a place that the runner must touch before scoring
bag	n.	a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women)
bag	n.	the quantity that a bag will hold
bag	n.	a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes
bag	n.	an ugly or ill-tempered woman
bag	n.	mammary gland of bovids (cows and sheep and goats)
bag	n.	an activity that you like or at which you are superior
bag	v.	capture or kill, as in hunting
bag	v.	hang loosely, like an empty bag
bag	v.	bulge out; form a bulge outward, or be so full as to appear to bulge
bag	v.	take unlawfully
bag	v.	put into a bag
bagatelle	n.	a light piece of music for piano
bagatelle	n.	something of little value or significance
bagatelle	n.	a table game in which short cues are used to knock balls into holes that are guarded by wooden pegs; penalties are incurred if the pegs are knocked over
bagel	n.	(Yiddish) glazed yeast-raised doughnut-shaped roll with hard crust
bagful	n.	the quantity that a bag will hold
baggage	n.	cases used to carry belongings when traveling
baggage	n.	a worthless or immoral woman
baggage	n.	the portable equipment and supplies of an army
bagged	v.	capture or kill, as in hunting
bagged	v.	hang loosely, like an empty bag
bagged	v.	bulge out; form a bulge outward, or be so full as to appear to bulge
bagged	v.	take unlawfully
bagged	v.	put into a bag
bagging	n.	coarse fabric used for bags or sacks
bagging	v.	capture or kill, as in hunting
bagging	v.	hang loosely, like an empty bag
bagging	v.	bulge out; form a bulge outward, or be so full as to appear to bulge
bagging	v.	take unlawfully
bagging	v.	put into a bag
baggy	adj.	not fitting closely; hanging loosely
baghdad	n.	capital and largest city of Iraq; located on the Tigris River
bagpipe	n.	a tubular wind instrument; the player blows air into a bag and squeezes it out through the drone
bagpiper	n.	someone who plays the bagpipe
baguette	n.	narrow French stick loaf
bahamas	n.	island country in the Atlantic to the east of Florida and Cuba; a popular winter resort
bahamian	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Bahamas
bahamian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Bahama Islands or their inhabitants
bahrain	n.	an island in the Persian Gulf
bahrain	n.	an island country in the Persian Gulf off the coast of Saudi Arabia; oil revenues funded progressive programs until reserves were exhausted in 1970s
baht	n.	the basic unit of money in Thailand
baikal	n.	the largest freshwater lake in Asia or Europe and the deepest lake in the world
bail	n.	(criminal law) money that must be forfeited by the bondsman if an accused person fails to appear in court for trial
bail	n.	the legal system that allows an accused person to be temporarily released from custody (usually on condition that a sum of money guarantees their appearance at trial)
bail	v.	release after a security has been paid
bail	v.	deliver something in trust to somebody for a special purpose and for a limited period
bail	v.	secure the release of (someone) by providing security
bail	v.	empty (a vessel) by bailing
bail	v.	remove (water) from a vessel with a container
bailey	n.	United States singer (1918-1990)
bailey	n.	English lexicographer who was the first to treat etymology consistently; his work was used as a reference by Samuel Johnson (died in 1742)
bailey	n.	the outer courtyard of a castle
bailey	n.	the outer defensive wall that surrounds the outer courtyard of a castle
bailiff	n.	an officer of the court who is employed to execute writs and processes and make arrests etc.
bailiwick	n.	the area over which a bailiff has jurisdiction
bailiwick	n.	a branch of knowledge
bairn	n.	a child: son or daughter
bait	n.	anything that serves as an enticement
bait	n.	something used to lure fish or other animals into danger so they can be trapped or killed
bait	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
bait	v.	lure, entice, or entrap with bait
bait	v.	attack with dogs or set dogs upon
baize	n.	a bright green fabric napped to resemble felt; used to cover gaming tables
bake	v.	cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven
bake	v.	prepare with dry heat in an oven
bake	v.	heat by a natural force
bake	v.	be very hot, due to hot weather or exposure to the sun
baked	v.	cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven
baked	v.	prepare with dry heat in an oven
baked	v.	heat by a natural force
baked	v.	be very hot, due to hot weather or exposure to the sun
baked	adj.	dried out by heat or excessive exposure to sunlight
baked	adj.	(bread and pastries) cooked by dry heat (as in an oven)
bakelite	n.	a thermosetting plastic used as electric insulators and for making plastic ware and telephone receivers etc.
baker	n.	someone who bakes commercially
baker	n.	someone who bakes bread or cake
bakersfield	n.	a city in south central California at the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley
bakery	n.	a workplace where baked goods (breads and cakes and pastries) are produced or sold
bakeshop	n.	a workplace where baked goods (breads and cakes and pastries) are produced or sold
baklava	n.	rich Middle Eastern cake made of thin layers of flaky pastry filled with nuts and honey
baksheesh	n.	a relatively small amount of money given for services rendered (as by a waiter)
baku	n.	a port city on the Caspian Sea that is the capital of Azerbaijan and an important center for oil production
bakunin	n.	Russian anarchist; ally and later opponent of Karl Marx (1814-1876)
balaclava	n.	a cap that is close-fitting and woolen and covers all of the head but the face
balalaika	n.	a stringed instrument that has a triangular body and three strings
balance	n.	a state of equilibrium
balance	n.	equality between the totals of the credit and debit sides of an account
balance	n.	harmonious arrangement or relation of parts or elements within a whole (as in a design); - John Ruskin
balance	n.	equality of distribution
balance	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
balance	n.	the difference between the totals of the credit and debit sides of an account
balance	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Libra
balance	n.	the seventh sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about September 23 to October 22
balance	n.	(mathematics) an attribute of a shape or relation; exact reflection of form on opposite sides of a dividing line or plane
balance	n.	a weight that balances another weight
balance	n.	a wheel that regulates the rate of movement in a machine; especially a wheel oscillating against the hairspring of a timepiece to regulate its beat
balance	n.	a scale for weighing; depends on pull of gravity
balance	v.	bring into balance or equilibrium
balance	v.	compute credits and debits of an account
balance	v.	hold or carry in equilibrium
balance	v.	be in equilibrium
balanchine	n.	United States dancer and choreographer (born in Russia) noted for his abstract and formal works (1904-1983)
balaton	n.	a large shallow lake in western Hungary
balboa	n.	the basic unit of money in Panama; equal to 100 centesimos
balboa	n.	Spanish explorer who in 1513 crossed the Isthmus of Darien and became the first European to see the eastern shores of the Pacific Ocean (1475-1519)
balcony	n.	an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium
balcony	n.	a platform projecting from the wall of a building and surrounded by a balustrade or railing or parapet
bald	v.	grow bald; lose hair on one's head
bald	adj.	with no effort to conceal
bald	adj.	lacking hair on all or most of the scalp
bald	adj.	without the natural or usual covering
balder	n.	(Norse mythology) god of light and peace and noted for his beauty and sweet nature; son of Odin and Frigg and husband of Nanna; killed by Hoth
balder	adj.	with no effort to conceal
balder	adj.	lacking hair on all or most of the scalp
balder	adj.	without the natural or usual covering
balderdash	n.	trivial nonsense
baldness	n.	the condition of having no hair on the top of the head
baldric	n.	a wide (ornamented) belt worn over the right shoulder to support a sword or bugle by the left hip
baldwin	n.	United States author who was an outspoken critic of racism (1924-1987)
baldwin	n.	English statesman; member of the Conservative Party (1867-1947)
baldwin	n.	an American eating apple with red or yellow and red skin
baldy	n.	a person whose head is bald
bale	n.	a large bundle bound for storage or transport
bale	n.	a city in northwestern Switzerland
bale	v.	make into a bale
baleen	n.	a horny material from the upper jaws of certain whales; used as the ribs of fans or as stays in corsets
baleful	adj.	deadly or sinister
baleful	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
balefulness	n.	the quality or nature of being harmful or evil
balfour	n.	English statesman; member of the Conservative Party (1848-1930)
bali	n.	an island in Indonesia to the east of Java; striking volcanic scenery; culture is known for elaborate dances and rituals and for handicrafts
balinese	n.	the Indonesian language of the people of Bali
balk	n.	the area on a billiard table behind the balkline
balk	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
balk	n.	one of several parallel sloping beams that support a roof
balk	n.	an illegal pitching motion while runners are on base
balk	v.	refuse to comply
balkan	n.	an inhabitant of the Balkan Peninsula
balkans	n.	the major mountain range of Bulgaria and the Balkan Peninsula
balkans	n.	a large peninsula in southeastern Europe containing the Balkan Mountain Range
balkans	n.	the Balkan countries collectively
balkans	n.	an inhabitant of the Balkan Peninsula
balky	adj.	stopping short and refusing to go on
ball	n.	round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games
ball	n.	a solid projectile that is shot by a musket
ball	n.	an object with a spherical shape
ball	n.	the people assembled at a lavish formal dance
ball	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
ball	n.	a spherical object used as a plaything
ball	n.	United States comedienne best known as the star of a popular television program (1911-1989)
ball	n.	a compact mass
ball	n.	a lavish dance requiring formal attire
ball	n.	a more or less rounded anatomical body or mass
ball	n.	the game of baseball
ball	n.	a pitch that is not in the strike zone
ball	v.	form into a ball by winding or rolling
ballad	n.	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain
ballad	n.	a narrative poem of popular origin
balladeer	n.	a singer of popular ballads
ballast	n.	any heavy material used to stabilize a ship or airship
ballast	n.	coarse gravel laid to form a bed for streets and railroads
ballast	n.	an attribute that tends to give stability in character and morals; something that steadies the mind or feelings
ballast	n.	a resistor inserted into a circuit to compensate for changes (as those arising from temperature fluctuations)
ballast	n.	an electrical device for starting and regulating fluorescent and discharge lamps
ballast	v.	make steady with a ballast
ballcock	n.	floating ball that controls level in a water tank
ballerina	n.	a female ballet dancer
ballet	n.	a theatrical representation of a story that is performed to music by trained dancers
ballet	n.	music written for a ballet
balletic	adj.	characteristic of or resembling or suitable for ballet
ballgame	n.	a particular situation that is radically different from the preceding situation
ballgame	n.	a field game played with a ball (especially baseball)
ballistic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the motion of objects moving under their own momentum and the force of gravity
ballistics	n.	the trajectory of an object in free flight
ballistics	n.	the science of flight dynamics
balloon	n.	large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air
balloon	n.	small thin inflatable rubber bag with narrow neck
balloon	v.	ride in a hot-air balloon
balloon	v.	become inflated
balloonist	n.	someone who flies a balloon
ballot	n.	a document listing the alternatives that is used in voting
ballot	n.	a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of each alternative
ballot	v.	vote by ballot
ballpark	n.	a facility in which ball games are played (especially baseball games)
ballpark	n.	near to the scope or range of something
ballplayer	n.	an athlete who plays baseball
ballpoint	n.	a pen that has a small metal ball as the point of transfer of ink to paper
ballroom	n.	large room used mainly for dancing
balls	n.	round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games
balls	n.	a solid projectile that is shot by a musket
balls	n.	an object with a spherical shape
balls	n.	the people assembled at a lavish formal dance
balls	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
balls	n.	a spherical object used as a plaything
balls	n.	United States comedienne best known as the star of a popular television program (1911-1989)
balls	n.	a compact mass
balls	n.	a lavish dance requiring formal attire
balls	n.	a more or less rounded anatomical body or mass
balls	n.	the game of baseball
balls	n.	a pitch that is not in the strike zone
balls	v.	form into a ball by winding or rolling
bally	adj.	informal intensifiers
ballyhoo	n.	blatant or sensational promotion
ballyhoo	v.	advertize noisily or blatantly
balm	n.	any of various aromatic resinous substances used for healing and soothing
balm	n.	semisolid preparation (usually containing a medicine) applied externally as a remedy or for soothing an irritation
balminess	n.	the quality of weather that is deliciously mild and soothing
balmy	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
balmy	adj.	mild and pleasant
baloney	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
balsa	n.	strong lightweight wood of the balsa tree used especially for floats
balsa	n.	forest tree of lowland Central America having a strong very light wood; used for making floats and rafts and in crafts
balsam	n.	any seed plant yielding balsam
balsam	n.	any of various fragrant oleoresins used in medicines and perfumes
balsam	n.	an ointment containing a fragrant resin
balsamic	adj.	of or relating to or containing balsam
balthazar	n.	(New Testament) one of the three sages from the east who came bearing gifts for the infant Jesus
baltic	n.	a sea in northern Europe; stronghold of the Russian navy
baltic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European family of languages related to the Slavonic languages; Baltic languages have preserved many archaic features that are believed to have existed in Proto-Indo European
baltic	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Baltic States or their peoples or languages
baltic	adj.	of or near or on the Baltic Sea
baltimore	n.	the largest city in Maryland; a major seaport and industrial center
baluster	n.	one of a number of closely spaced supports for a railing
balustrade	n.	a railing at the side of a staircase or balcony to prevent people from falling
balzac	n.	French novelist; he portrays the complexity of 19th century French society (1799-1850)
bamako	n.	the capital of Mali; located in the south on the Niger
bamboo	n.	the hard woody stems of bamboo plants; used in construction and crafts and fishing poles
bamboo	n.	woody tropical grass having hollow woody stems; mature canes used for construction and furniture
bamboozle	v.	conceal one's true motives from especially by elaborately feigning good intentions so as to gain an end
ban	n.	a decree that prohibits something
ban	n.	100 bani equal 1 leu in Moldova
ban	n.	100 bani equal 1 leu in Romania
ban	n.	an official prohibition or edict against something
ban	n.	a bachelor's degree in nursing
ban	v.	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper)
ban	v.	prohibit especially by legal means or social pressure
ban	v.	ban from a place of residence, as for punishment
ban	v.	expel from a community or group
banal	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
banality	n.	a trite or obvious remark
banana	n.	any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa having a terminal crown of large entire leaves and usually bearing hanging clusters of elongated fruits
banana	n.	elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit with soft sweet flesh
band	n.	an unofficial association of people or groups
band	n.	instrumentalists not including string players
band	n.	a stripe or stripes of contrasting color
band	n.	an adornment consisting of a strip of a contrasting color or material
band	n.	a group of musicians playing popular music for dancing
band	n.	a range of frequencies between two limits
band	n.	a thin flat strip of flexible material that is worn around the body or one of the limbs (especially to decorate the body)
band	n.	a cord-like tissue connecting two larger parts of an anatomical structure
band	n.	jewelry consisting of a circlet of precious metal (often set with jewels) worn on the finger
band	n.	a driving belt in machinery
band	n.	a thin flat strip or loop of flexible material that goes around or over something else, typically to hold it together or as a decoration
band	n.	a strip of material attached to the leg of a bird to identify it (as in studies of bird migration)
band	n.	a restraint put around something to hold it together
band	v.	bind or tie together, as with a band
band	v.	attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify
bandage	n.	a piece of soft material that covers and protects an injured part of the body
bandage	v.	wrap around with something so as to cover or enclose
bandage	v.	dress by covering or binding
bandanna	n.	large and brightly colored handkerchief; often used as a neckerchief
bandbox	n.	a light cylindrical box for holding light articles of attire (especially hats)
bandeau	n.	an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts
bandeaux	n.	an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts
bandit	n.	an armed thief who is (usually) a member of a band
banditry	n.	the practice of plundering in gangs
bandleader	n.	the leader of a dance band
bandmaster	n.	the conductor of a band
bandoleer	n.	a broad cartridge belt worn over the shoulder by soldiers
bandsman	n.	a player in a band (especially a military band)
bandsmen	n.	a player in a band (especially a military band)
bandstand	n.	a platform where a (brass) band can play in the open air
bandung	n.	a city in Indonesia; located on western Java (southeast of Jakarta); a resort known for its climate
bandwagon	n.	a popular trend that attracts growing support
bandwagon	n.	a large ornate wagon for carrying a musical band
bandwidth	n.	a data transmission rate; the maximum amount of information (bits/second) that can be transmitted along a channel
bandwidths	n.	a data transmission rate; the maximum amount of information (bits/second) that can be transmitted along a channel
bandy	v.	toss or strike a ball back and forth
bandy	v.	exchange blows
bandy	v.	discuss lightly
bandy	adj.	have legs that curve outward at the knees
bane	n.	something causing misery or death
baneful	adj.	exceedingly harmful
baneful	adj.	deadly or sinister
bang	n.	a vigorous blow
bang	n.	a sudden very loud noise
bang	n.	a border of hair that is cut short and hangs across the forehead
bang	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
bang	n.	a conspicuous success
bang	v.	strike violently
bang	v.	to produce a sharp often metallic explosive or percussive sound
bang	v.	close violently
bang	v.	move noisily
bang	v.	have sexual intercourse with
bang	v.	leap, jerk, bang
bang	adv.	directly
bangalore	n.	an industrial city in south central India (west of Chennai)
bangkok	n.	the capital and largest city and chief port of Thailand; a leading city in southeastern Asia; noted for Buddhist architecture
bangladesh	n.	a Muslim republic in southern Asia bordered by India to the north and west and east and the Bay of Bengal to the south; formerly part of India and then part of Pakistan; it achieved independence in 1971
bangladeshi	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bangladesh
bangladeshi	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bangladesh or its people or language
bangle	n.	jewelry worn around the wrist for decoration
bangle	n.	cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing
bangor	n.	a town in east central Maine on the Penobscot River
bangor	n.	a university town in northwestern Wales on the Menai Strait
bangor	n.	a town in southeastern Northern Ireland
bangui	n.	the capital and largest city of the Central African Republic
bani	n.	a decree that prohibits something
bani	n.	100 bani equal 1 leu in Moldova
bani	n.	100 bani equal 1 leu in Romania
bani	n.	an official prohibition or edict against something
bani	n.	a bachelor's degree in nursing
banish	v.	expel from a community or group
banish	v.	ban from a place of residence, as for punishment
banish	v.	expel, as if by official decree
banish	v.	drive away
banishment	n.	the state of being banished or ostracized (excluded from society by general consent)
banishment	n.	rejection by means of an act of banishing or proscribing someone
banister	n.	a railing at the side of a staircase or balcony to prevent people from falling
banjo	n.	a stringed instrument of the guitar family that has long neck and circular body
banjul	n.	a port city and capital of Gambia
bank	n.	sloping land (especially the slope beside a body of water)
bank	n.	a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money into lending activities
bank	n.	a long ridge or pile
bank	n.	an arrangement of similar objects in a row or in tiers
bank	n.	a supply or stock held in reserve for future use (especially in emergencies)
bank	n.	the funds held by a gambling house or the dealer in some gambling games
bank	n.	a slope in the turn of a road or track; the outside is higher than the inside in order to reduce the effects of centrifugal force
bank	n.	a container (usually with a slot in the top) for keeping money at home
bank	n.	a building in which the business of banking transacted
bank	n.	a flight maneuver; aircraft tips laterally about its longitudinal axis (especially in turning)
bank	v.	tip laterally
bank	v.	enclose with a bank
bank	v.	do business with a bank or keep an account at a bank
bank	v.	act as the banker in a game or in gambling
bank	v.	be in the banking business
bank	v.	put into a bank account
bank	v.	cover with ashes so to control the rate of burning
bank	v.	have confidence or faith in
bankbook	n.	a record of deposits and withdrawals and interest held by depositors at certain banks
banker	n.	a financier who owns or is an executive in a bank
banker	n.	the person in charge of the bank in a gambling game
banking	n.	engaging in the business of keeping money for savings and checking accounts or for exchange or for issuing loans and credit etc.
banking	n.	transacting business with a bank; depositing or withdrawing funds or requesting a loan etc.
banking	v.	tip laterally
banking	v.	enclose with a bank
banking	v.	do business with a bank or keep an account at a bank
banking	v.	act as the banker in a game or in gambling
banking	v.	be in the banking business
banking	v.	put into a bank account
banking	v.	cover with ashes so to control the rate of burning
banking	v.	have confidence or faith in
banknote	n.	a piece of paper money (especially one issued by a central bank)
bankroll	n.	a roll of currency notes (often taken as the resources of a person or business etc.)
bankroll	v.	provide with sufficient funds; finance
bankrupt	n.	someone who has insufficient assets to cover their debts
bankrupt	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
bankrupt	adj.	financially ruined
bankruptcy	n.	a state of complete lack of some abstract property
bankruptcy	n.	inability to discharge all your debts as they come due
bankruptcy	n.	a legal process intended to insure equality among the creditors of a corporation declared to be insolvent
banks	n.	English botanist who accompanied Captain Cook on his first voyage to the Pacific Ocean (1743-1820)
banks	n.	sloping land (especially the slope beside a body of water)
banks	n.	a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money into lending activities
banks	n.	a long ridge or pile
banks	n.	an arrangement of similar objects in a row or in tiers
banks	n.	a supply or stock held in reserve for future use (especially in emergencies)
banks	n.	the funds held by a gambling house or the dealer in some gambling games
banks	n.	a slope in the turn of a road or track; the outside is higher than the inside in order to reduce the effects of centrifugal force
banks	n.	a container (usually with a slot in the top) for keeping money at home
banks	n.	a building in which the business of banking transacted
banks	n.	a flight maneuver; aircraft tips laterally about its longitudinal axis (especially in turning)
banks	v.	tip laterally
banks	v.	enclose with a bank
banks	v.	do business with a bank or keep an account at a bank
banks	v.	act as the banker in a game or in gambling
banks	v.	be in the banking business
banks	v.	put into a bank account
banks	v.	cover with ashes so to control the rate of burning
banks	v.	have confidence or faith in
banned	v.	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper)
banned	v.	prohibit especially by legal means or social pressure
banned	v.	ban from a place of residence, as for punishment
banned	v.	expel from a community or group
banned	adj.	forbidden by law
banner	n.	long strip of cloth or paper used for decoration or advertising
banner	n.	a newspaper headline that runs across the full page
banner	n.	any distinctive flag
banner	adj.	unusually good; outstanding
banning	n.	an official prohibition or edict against something
banning	v.	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper)
banning	v.	prohibit especially by legal means or social pressure
banning	v.	ban from a place of residence, as for punishment
banning	v.	expel from a community or group
bannister	n.	English runner who in 1954 became the first person to run a mile in less than four minutes (born in 1929)
bannister	n.	a railing at the side of a staircase or balcony to prevent people from falling
bannock	n.	a flat bread made of oat or barley flour; common in New England and Scotland
banns	n.	a public announcement of a proposed marriage
banquet	n.	a ceremonial dinner party for many people
banquet	n.	a meal that is well prepared and greatly enjoyed
banquet	v.	provide a feast or banquet for
banquet	v.	partake in a feast or banquet
banquette	n.	an upholstered bench
banshee	n.	(Irish folklore) a female spirit who wails to warn of impending death
bantam	n.	any of various small breeds of fowl
bantam	adj.	very small
bantamweight	n.	weighs 115-126 pounds
bantamweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 119 pounds
banter	n.	light teasing repartee
banter	v.	be silly or tease one another
bantering	v.	be silly or tease one another
bantering	adj.	cleverly amusing in tone
banting	n.	Canadian physiologist who discovered insulin with C. H. Best and who used it to treat diabetes(1891-1941)
banting	n.	wild ox of the Malay Archipelago
bantu	n.	a member of any of a large number of linguistically related peoples of Central and South Africa
bantu	n.	a family of languages widely spoken in the southern half of the African continent
bantu	adj.	of or relating to the African people who speak one of the Bantoid languages or to their culture
banyan	n.	East Indian tree that puts out aerial shoots that grow down into the soil forming additional trunks
banyan	n.	a loose fitting jacket; originally worn in India
banzai	n.	a Japanese cheer of enthusiasm or triumph
baobab	n.	African tree having an exceedingly thick trunk and fruit that resembles a gourd and has an edible pulp called monkey bread
bap	n.	a small loaf or roll of soft bread
baptism	n.	a Christian sacrament signifying spiritual cleansing and rebirth
baptismal	adj.	of or relating to baptism
baptist	n.	follower of Baptistic doctrines
baptistery	n.	bowl for baptismal water
baptize	v.	administer baptism to
baptized	v.	administer baptism to
baptized	adj.	having undergone the Christian ritual of baptism
bar	n.	a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over a counter
bar	n.	a counter where you can obtain food or drink
bar	n.	a rigid piece of metal or wood; usually used as a fastening or obstruction or weapon
bar	n.	musical notation for a repeating pattern of musical beats
bar	n.	an obstruction (usually metal) placed at the top of a goal
bar	n.	the act of preventing
bar	n.	(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter
bar	n.	a submerged (or partly submerged) ridge in a river or along a shore
bar	n.	the body of individuals qualified to practice law in a particular jurisdiction
bar	n.	a narrow marking of a different color or texture from the background
bar	n.	a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax)
bar	n.	a portable .30 caliber automatic rifle operated by gas pressure and fed by cartridges from a magazine; used by United States troops in World War I and in World War II and in the Korean War
bar	n.	a horizontal rod that serves as a support for gymnasts as they perform exercises
bar	n.	a heating element in an electric fire
bar	n.	(law) a railing that encloses the part of the courtroom where the judges and lawyers sit and the case is tried
bar	v.	prevent from entering; keep out
bar	v.	render unsuitable for passage
bar	v.	expel, as if by official decree
bar	v.	secure with, or as if with, bars
barb	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
barb	n.	the pointed part of barbed wire
barb	n.	a subsidiary point facing opposite from the main point that makes an arrowhead or spear hard to remove
barb	n.	one of the parallel filaments projecting from the main shaft of a feather
barb	v.	provide with barbs
barbadian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Barbados
barbadian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Barbados or its inhabitants
barbados	n.	a parliamentary democracy on the island of Barbados; former British colony; a popular resort area
barbados	n.	easternmost of the West Indies about 300 miles to the north of Venezuela
barbarian	n.	a member of an uncivilized people
barbarian	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
barbarian	adj.	without civilizing influences; ; ; ; -Margaret Meade
barbaric	adj.	without civilizing influences; ; ; ; -Margaret Meade
barbaric	adj.	unrestrained and crudely rich
barbarism	n.	a brutal barbarous savage act
barbarity	n.	the quality of being shockingly cruel and inhumane
barbarity	n.	a brutal barbarous savage act
barbarize	v.	become crude or savage or barbaric in behavior or language
barbarize	v.	make crude or savage in behavior or speech
barbarossa	n.	Holy Roman Emperor from 1152 to 1190; conceded supremacy to the pope; drowned leading the Third Crusade (1123-1190)
barbarossa	n.	Barbary pirate (died in 1546)
barbarous	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
barbarous	adj.	primitive in customs and culture
barbary	n.	a region of northern Africa on the Mediterranean coast between Egypt and Gibraltar; was used as a base for pirates from the 16th to 19th centuries
barbecue	n.	meat that has been barbecued or grilled in a highly seasoned sauce
barbecue	n.	a cookout in which food is cooked over an open fire; especially a whole animal carcass roasted on a spit
barbecue	n.	a rack to hold meat for cooking over hot charcoal usually out of doors
barbecue	v.	cook outdoors on a barbecue grill
barbel	n.	slender tactile process on the jaws of a fish
barbell	n.	a bar to which heavy discs are attached at each end; used in weightlifting
barber	n.	United States composer (1910-1981)
barber	n.	a hairdresser who cuts hair and shaves beards as a trade
barber	v.	perform the services of a barber: cut the hair and/or beard of
barberry	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Berberis having prickly stems and yellow flowers followed by small red berries
barbershop	n.	a shop where men can get their hair cut
barbiturate	n.	organic compound having powerful soporific effect; overdose can be fatal
barbuda	n.	an island in Antigua and Barbuda
barbwire	n.	strong wire with barbs at regular intervals used to prevent passage
barcarole	n.	a boating song sung by Venetian gondoliers
barcelona	n.	a city in northeastern Spain on the Mediterranean; 2nd largest Spanish city and the largest port and commercial center; has been a center for radical political beliefs
bard	n.	a lyric poet
bard	n.	an ornamental caparison for a horse
bard	v.	put a caparison on
bardeen	n.	United States physicist who won the Nobel prize for physics twice (1908-1991)
bardic	adj.	being a bard or relating to a bard's poetry
bare	v.	lay bare
bare	v.	make public
bare	adj.	completely unclothed
bare	adj.	lacking in amplitude or quantity
bare	adj.	not having a protective covering
bare	adj.	lacking its natural or customary covering
bare	adj.	just barely adequate or within a lower limit
bare	adj.	apart from anything else; without additions or modifications
bare	adj.	lacking a surface finish such as paint
bare	adj.	providing no shelter or sustenance
bare	adj.	having everything extraneous removed including contents
bare	adj.	lacking embellishment or ornamentation
bareback	adj.	riding without a saddle
bareback	adv.	without a saddle
barefaced	adj.	with no effort to conceal
barefaced	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
barefoot	adj.	without shoes
barefoot	adv.	without shoes on
barehanded	adj.	with bare hands
bareheaded	adj.	having the head uncovered
barelegged	adj.	having the legs uncovered by clothing
bareness	n.	a bleak and desolate atmosphere
bareness	n.	the state of being unclothed and exposed (especially of a part of the body)
bareness	n.	an extreme lack of furnishings or ornamentation
barf	n.	the matter ejected in vomiting
barf	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
bargain	n.	an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion) fixing obligations of each
bargain	n.	an advantageous purchase
bargain	v.	negotiate the terms of an exchange
bargain	v.	come to terms; arrive at an agreement
bargainer	n.	someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold
bargainer	n.	negotiator of the terms of a transaction
barge	n.	a flatbottom boat for carrying heavy loads (especially on canals)
barge	v.	push one's way
barge	v.	transport by barge on a body of water
bargeman	n.	someone who operates a barge
bargemen	n.	someone who operates a barge
baritone	n.	a male singer
baritone	n.	the second lowest adult male singing voice
baritone	n.	the second lowest brass wind instrument
baritone	adj.	lower in range than tenor and higher than bass
barium	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the alkali earth group; found in barite
bark	n.	tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woody plants
bark	n.	a noise resembling the bark of a dog
bark	n.	a sailing ship with 3 (or more) masts
bark	n.	the sound made by a dog
bark	v.	speak in an unfriendly tone
bark	v.	cover with bark
bark	v.	remove the bark of a tree
bark	v.	make barking sounds
bark	v.	tan (a skin) with bark tannins
barkeep	n.	an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar
barkeeper	n.	an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar
barker	n.	someone who stands in front of a show (as at a carnival) and gives a loud colorful sales talk to potential customers
barker	n.	informal terms for dogs
barkley	n.	United States politician and lawyer; vice president of the United States (1877-1956)
barley	n.	a grain of barley
barley	n.	cultivated since prehistoric times; grown for forage and grain
barmaid	n.	a female bartender
barman	n.	an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar
barmen	n.	an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar
barmy	adj.	marked by spirited enjoyment
barmy	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
barn	n.	an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm animals
barn	n.	(physics) a unit of nuclear cross section; the effective circular area that one particle presents to another as a target for an encounter
barnacle	n.	marine crustaceans with feathery food-catching appendages; free-swimming as larvae; as adults form a hard shell and live attached to submerged surfaces
barnacle	n.	European goose smaller than the brant; breeds in the far north
barnstorm	v.	appear at county fairs and carnivals as a stunt flier and parachute jumper
barnstorm	v.	tour the country making political speeches, giving lectures, or presenting plays
barnstormer	n.	an actor who travels around the country presenting plays
barnstormer	n.	a pilot who travels around the country giving exhibits of stunt flying and parachuting
barnum	n.	United States showman who popularized the circus (1810-1891)
barnyard	n.	a yard adjoining a barn
barometer	n.	an instrument that measures atmospheric pressure
barometric	adj.	relating to atmospheric pressure or indicated by a barometer
baron	n.	a nobleman (in various countries) of varying rank
baron	n.	a British peer of the lowest rank
baron	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
baronage	n.	the peers of a kingdom considered as a group
baroness	n.	a noblewoman who holds the rank of baron or who is the wife or widow of a baron
baronet	n.	a member of the British order of honor; ranks below a baron but above a knight
baronetcy	n.	the rank or dignity or position of a baronet or baroness
baronetcy	n.	the title of a baron
baronial	adj.	impressive in appearance
barony	n.	the estate of a baron
barony	n.	the rank or dignity or position of a baronet or baroness
barony	n.	the domain of a baron
baroque	n.	the historic period from about 1600 until 1750 when the baroque style of art, architecture, and music flourished in Europe
baroque	n.	elaborate and extensive ornamentation in decorative art and architecture that flourished in Europe in the 17th century
baroque	adj.	having elaborate symmetrical ornamentation; -William Dean Howells
baroque	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the elaborately ornamented style of architecture, art, and music popular in Europe between 1600 and 1750
barrack	n.	a building or group of buildings used to house military personnel
barrack	v.	lodge in barracks
barrack	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
barrack	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
barracuda	n.	any voracious marine fish of the genus Sphyraena having an elongated cylindrical body and large mouth with projecting lower jaw and long strong teeth
barrage	n.	the rapid and continuous delivery of linguistic communication (spoken or written)
barrage	n.	the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target
barrage	v.	address with continuously or persistently, as if with a barrage
barranquilla	n.	a port city of northern Colombia near the Caribbean on the Magdalena River
barred	v.	prevent from entering; keep out
barred	v.	render unsuitable for passage
barred	v.	expel, as if by official decree
barred	v.	secure with, or as if with, bars
barred	adj.	preventing entry or exit or a course of action
barred	adj.	marked with stripes or bands
barrel	n.	a tube through which a bullet travels when a gun is fired
barrel	n.	a cylindrical container that holds liquids
barrel	n.	a bulging cylindrical shape; hollow with flat ends
barrel	n.	the quantity that a barrel (of any size) will hold
barrel	n.	any of various units of capacity
barrel	v.	put in barrels
barren	n.	an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation
barren	adj.	providing no shelter or sustenance
barren	adj.	not bearing offspring
barren	adj.	completely wanting or lacking
barrenness	n.	the state (usually of a woman) of having no children or being unable to have children
barrenness	n.	the quality of yielding nothing of value
barrette	n.	a pin for holding women's hair in place
barricade	n.	a barrier set up by police to stop traffic on a street or road in order to catch a fugitive or inspect traffic etc.
barricade	n.	a barrier (usually thrown up hastily) to impede the advance of an enemy
barricade	v.	render unsuitable for passage
barricade	v.	prevent access to by barricading
barricade	v.	block off with barricades
barrie	n.	Scottish dramatist and novelist; created Peter Pan (1860-1937)
barrier	n.	a structure or object that impedes free movement
barrier	n.	any condition that makes it difficult to make progress or to achieve an objective
barrier	n.	anything serving to maintain separation by obstructing vision or access
barring	n.	the act of excluding someone by a negative vote or veto
barring	v.	prevent from entering; keep out
barring	v.	render unsuitable for passage
barring	v.	expel, as if by official decree
barring	v.	secure with, or as if with, bars
barrio	n.	a Spanish-speaking quarter in a town or city (especially in the United States)
barrio	n.	an urban area in a Spanish-speaking country
barrister	n.	a British or Canadian lawyer who speaks in the higher courts of law on behalf of either the defense or prosecution
barroom	n.	a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over a counter
barrow	n.	the quantity that a barrow will hold
barrow	n.	(archeology) a heap of earth placed over prehistoric tombs
barrow	n.	a cart for carrying small loads; has handles and one or more wheels
barrymore	n.	United States actor; son of Maurice Barrymore and Georgiana Barrymore (1882-1942)
barrymore	n.	United States actress; daughter of Maurice Barrymore and Georgiana Barrymore (1879-1959)
barrymore	n.	United States actor; son of Maurice Barrymore and Georgiana Barrymore (1878-1954)
barrymore	n.	United States actress; daughter of John Drew and wife of Maurice Barrymore; mother of Ethel Barrymore and John Barrymore and Lionel Barrymore (1854-1893)
barrymore	n.	United States actor; husband of Georgiana Emma Barrymore and father of Ethel Barrymore and John Barrymore and Lionel Barrymore (1847-1905)
bart	n.	a member of the British order of honor; ranks below a baron but above a knight
bartender	n.	an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar
barter	n.	an equal exchange
barter	v.	exchange goods without involving money
barterer	n.	a trader who exchanges goods and not money
barth	n.	Swiss Protestant theologian (1886-1968)
barth	n.	United States novelist (born in 1930)
bartholdi	n.	French sculptor best known for creating the Statue of Liberty now in New York harbor
bartlett	n.	United States explorer who accompanied Peary's expedition to the North Pole and who led many other Arctic trips (1875-1946)
bartlett	n.	United States publisher and editor who compiled a book of familiar quotations (1820-1905)
bartlett	n.	juicy yellow pear
bartok	n.	Hungarian composer and pianist who collected Hungarian folk music; in 1940 he moved to the United States (1881-1945)
baruch	n.	economic advisor to United States Presidents (1870-1965)
baruch	n.	a disciple of and secretary for the prophet Jeremiah
baruch	n.	an Apocryphal book ascribed to Baruch
baryon	n.	any of the elementary particles having a mass equal to or greater than that of a proton and that participate in strong interactions; a hadron with a baryon number of +1
baryshnikov	n.	Russian dancer and choreographer who migrated to the United States (born in 1948)
basal	adj.	especially of leaves; located at the base of a plant or stem; especially arising directly from the root or rootstock or a root-like stem
basal	adj.	serving as or forming a base
basal	adj.	of primary importance
basalt	n.	the commonest type of solidified lava; a dense dark grey fine-grained igneous rock that is composed chiefly of plagioclase feldspar and pyroxene
basaltic	adj.	of or relating to or containing basalt
base	n.	installation from which a military force initiates operations
base	n.	lowest support of a structure
base	n.	a place that the runner must touch before scoring
base	n.	the bottom or lowest part
base	n.	(anatomy) the part of an organ nearest its point of attachment
base	n.	a lower limit
base	n.	the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained
base	n.	a support or foundation
base	n.	a phosphoric ester of a nucleoside; the basic structural unit of nucleic acids (DNA or RNA)
base	n.	any of various water-soluble compounds capable of turning litmus blue and reacting with an acid to form a salt and water
base	n.	the bottom side of a geometric figure from which the altitude can be constructed
base	n.	the most important or necessary part of something
base	n.	(numeration system) the positive integer that is equivalent to one in the next higher counting place
base	n.	the place where you are stationed and from which missions start and end
base	n.	a terrorist network intensely opposed to the United States that dispenses money and logistical support and training to a wide variety of radical Islamic terrorist groups; has cells in more than 50 countries
base	n.	(linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed
base	n.	the stock of basic facilities and capital equipment needed for the functioning of a country or area
base	n.	the principal ingredient of a mixture
base	n.	a flat bottom on which something is intended to sit
base	n.	(electronics) the part of a transistor that separates the emitter from the collector
base	v.	use as a basis for; found on
base	v.	situate as a center of operations
base	v.	use (purified cocaine) by burning it and inhaling the fumes
base	adj.	serving as or forming a base
base	adj.	of low birth or station (`base' is archaic in this sense)
base	adj.	(used of metals) consisting of or alloyed with inferior metal
base	adj.	not adhering to ethical or moral principles
base	adj.	having or showing an ignoble lack of honor or morality; - Edmund Burke; ; - Shakespeare
base	adj.	illegitimate
base	adj.	debased; not genuine
baseball	n.	a ball game played with a bat and ball between two teams of nine players; teams take turns at bat trying to score runs
baseball	n.	a ball used in playing baseball
baseboard	n.	a molding covering the joint formed by a wall and the floor
basel	n.	a city in northwestern Switzerland
baseless	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
baseline	n.	an imaginary line or standard by which things are measured or compared
baseline	n.	the back line bounding each end of a tennis or handball court; when serving the server must not step over this line
baseline	n.	the lines a baseball player must follow while running the bases
basely	adv.	in a despicable, ignoble manner
basement	n.	the lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly below ground level; often used for storage
basement	n.	the ground floor facade or interior in Renaissance architecture
baseness	n.	unworthiness by virtue of lacking higher values
baser	adj.	serving as or forming a base
baser	adj.	of low birth or station (`base' is archaic in this sense)
baser	adj.	(used of metals) consisting of or alloyed with inferior metal
baser	adj.	not adhering to ethical or moral principles
baser	adj.	having or showing an ignoble lack of honor or morality; - Edmund Burke; ; - Shakespeare
baser	adj.	illegitimate
baser	adj.	debased; not genuine
bash	n.	a vigorous blow
bash	n.	an uproarious party
bash	v.	hit hard
bashful	adj.	self-consciously timid; - Ezra Pound
bashful	adj.	disposed to avoid notice; ; (`blate' is a Scottish term for bashful)
bashfulness	n.	feeling embarrassed due to modesty
bashing	v.	hit hard
basic	n.	a popular programming language that is relatively easy to learn; an acronym for beginner's all-purpose symbolic instruction code; no longer in general use
basic	n.	(usually plural) a necessary commodity for which demand is constant
basic	adj.	pertaining to or constituting a base or basis
basic	adj.	reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality
basic	adj.	serving as a base or starting point
basic	adj.	of or denoting or of the nature of or containing a base
basically	adv.	in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature
basil	n.	any of several Old World tropical aromatic annual or perennial herbs of the genus Ocimum
basil	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the bishop of Caesarea who defended the Roman Catholic Church against the heresies of the 4th century; a saint and Doctor of the Church (329-379)
basil	n.	leaves of the common basil; used fresh or dried
basilica	n.	an early Christian church designed like a Roman basilica; or a Roman Catholic church or cathedral accorded certain privileges
basilica	n.	a Roman building used for public administration
basilisk	n.	(classical mythology) a serpent (or lizard or dragon) able to kill with its breath or glance
basilisk	n.	ancient brass cannon
basilisk	n.	small crested arboreal lizard able to run on its hind legs; of tropical America
basin	n.	a bowl-shaped vessel; usually used for holding food or liquids
basin	n.	the quantity that a basin will hold
basin	n.	a natural depression in the surface of the land often with a lake at the bottom of it
basin	n.	the entire geographical area drained by a river and its tributaries; an area characterized by all runoff being conveyed to the same outlet
basin	n.	a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face
basinful	n.	the quantity that a basin will hold
basis	n.	a relation that provides the foundation for something
basis	n.	the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained
basis	n.	the most important or necessary part of something
bask	v.	derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in
bask	v.	be exposed
basket	n.	a container that is usually woven and has handles
basket	n.	the quantity contained in a basket
basket	n.	horizontal circular metal hoop supporting a net through which players try to throw the basketball
basket	n.	a score in basketball made by throwing the ball through the hoop
basketball	n.	a game played on a court by two opposing teams of 5 players; points are scored by throwing the ball through an elevated horizontal hoop
basketball	n.	an inflated ball used in playing basketball
basketry	n.	the craft of basket making
basque	n.	a member of a people of unknown origin living in the western Pyrenees in France and Spain
basque	n.	the language of the Basque people; of no known relation to any other language
basra	n.	the second largest city in Iraq; an oil port in southern Iraq
bass	n.	the lowest part of the musical range
bass	n.	the lowest part in polyphonic music
bass	n.	an adult male singer with the lowest voice
bass	n.	the lean flesh of a saltwater fish of the family Serranidae
bass	n.	any of various North American freshwater fish with lean flesh (especially of the genus Micropterus)
bass	n.	the lowest adult male singing voice
bass	n.	the member with the lowest range of a family of musical instruments
bass	n.	nontechnical name for any of numerous edible marine and freshwater spiny-finned fishes
bass	adj.	having or denoting a low vocal or instrumental range
basset	n.	smooth-haired breed of hound with short legs and long ears
basset	v.	appear at the surface
basseterre	n.	the capital of Saint Kitts and Nevis on the island of Saint Christopher
bassinet	n.	a basket (usually hooded) used as a baby's bed
bassinet	n.	a perambulator that resembles a bassinet
bassist	n.	a musician who play the bass viol
basso	n.	an adult male singer with the lowest voice
basso	n.	the lowest adult male singing voice
bassoon	n.	a double-reed instrument; the tenor of the oboe family
bassoonist	n.	a musician who plays the bassoon
basswood	n.	soft light-colored wood of any of various linden trees; used in making crates and boxes and in carving and millwork
basswood	n.	any of various deciduous trees of the genus Tilia with heart-shaped leaves and drooping cymose clusters of yellowish often fragrant flowers; several yield valuable timber
bast	n.	strong woody fibers obtained especially from the phloem of from various plants
bast	n.	(botany) tissue that conducts synthesized food substances (e.g., from leaves) to parts where needed; consists primarily of sieve tubes
bast	n.	cat- or lion-headed Egyptian goddess; represents life-giving power of the sun
bastard	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
bastard	n.	the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents
bastard	n.	derogatory term for a variation that is not genuine; something irregular or inferior or of dubious origin
bastard	adj.	fraudulent; having a misleading appearance
bastardization	n.	declaring or rendering bastard
bastardization	n.	an act that debases or corrupts
bastardize	v.	change something so that its value declines; for example, art forms
bastardize	v.	declare a child to be illegitimate
bastardy	n.	the status of being born to parents who were not married
baste	n.	a loose temporary sewing stitch to hold layers of fabric together
baste	v.	cover with liquid before cooking
baste	v.	strike violently and repeatedly
baste	v.	sew together loosely, with large stitches
baster	n.	a cook who bastes roasting meat with melted fat or gravy
baster	n.	a sewer who fastens a garment with long loose stitches
baster	n.	a tube with a rubber bulb used to take up and release melted fat or gravy in order to moisten roasting meat
bastille	n.	a fortress built in Paris in the 14th century and used as a prison in the 17th and 18th centuries; it was destroyed July 14, 1789 at the start of the French Revolution
bastille	n.	a jail or prison (especially one that is run in a tyrannical manner)
bastion	n.	a group that defends a principle
bastion	n.	a stronghold into which people could go for shelter during a battle
bastion	n.	projecting part of a rampart or other fortification
basutoland	n.	a landlocked constitutional monarchy in southern Africa; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1966
bat	n.	nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings and anatomical adaptations for echolocation by which they navigate
bat	n.	(baseball) a turn trying to get a hit
bat	n.	a small racket with a long handle used for playing squash
bat	n.	the club used in playing cricket
bat	n.	a club used for hitting a ball in various games
bat	v.	strike with, or as if with a baseball bat
bat	v.	wink briefly
bat	v.	have a turn at bat
bat	v.	use a bat
bat	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
bataan	n.	the peninsula and island in the Philippines where Japanese forces besieged American forces in World War II; United States forces surrendered in 1942 and recaptured the area in 1945
batch	n.	all the loaves of bread baked at the same time
batch	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
batch	n.	a collection of things or persons to be handled together
batch	v.	batch together; assemble or process as a batch
bate	v.	moderate or restrain; lessen the force of
bate	v.	flap the wings wildly or frantically; used of falcons
bate	v.	soak in a special solution to soften and remove chemicals used in previous treatments
bates	v.	moderate or restrain; lessen the force of
bates	v.	flap the wings wildly or frantically; used of falcons
bates	v.	soak in a special solution to soften and remove chemicals used in previous treatments
bates	v.	strike with, or as if with a baseball bat
bates	v.	wink briefly
bates	v.	have a turn at bat
bates	v.	use a bat
bates	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
bath	n.	a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it or to maintain it at a constant temperature or to lubricate it)
bath	n.	you soak and wash your body in a bathtub
bath	n.	a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash the body
bath	n.	an ancient Hebrew liquid measure equal to about 10 gallons
bath	n.	a town in southwestern England on the River Avon; famous for its hot springs and Roman remains
bath	n.	a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washbasin and toilet
bath	v.	clean one's body by immersion into water
bathe	n.	the act of swimming
bathe	v.	cleanse the entire body
bathe	v.	suffuse with or as if with light
bathe	v.	clean one's body by immersion into water
bather	n.	a person who travels through the water by swimming
bather	n.	a person who takes a bath
bathetic	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
bathhouse	n.	a building containing dressing rooms for bathers
bathhouse	n.	a building containing public baths
bathing	n.	immersing the body in water or sunshine
bathing	n.	the act of washing yourself (or another person)
bathing	v.	cleanse the entire body
bathing	v.	suffuse with or as if with light
bathing	v.	clean one's body by immersion into water
bathos	n.	triteness or triviality of style
bathos	n.	insincere pathos
bathos	n.	a change from a serious subject to a disappointing one
bathrobe	n.	a loose-fitting robe of towelling; worn after a bath or swim
bathroom	n.	a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washbasin and toilet
bathroom	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
baths	n.	a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it or to maintain it at a constant temperature or to lubricate it)
baths	n.	you soak and wash your body in a bathtub
baths	n.	a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash the body
baths	n.	an ancient Hebrew liquid measure equal to about 10 gallons
baths	n.	a town in southwestern England on the River Avon; famous for its hot springs and Roman remains
baths	n.	a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washbasin and toilet
baths	v.	clean one's body by immersion into water
bathsheba	n.	(Old Testament) the wife of Uriah and later the wife of king David; Solomon was her son by David (circa 10th century BC)
bathtub	n.	a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash the body
bathyscaphe	n.	navigable deep diving vessel for underwater exploration
bathysphere	n.	spherical deep diving apparatus (lowered by a cable) for underwater exploration
batik	n.	a dyed fabric; a removable wax is used where the dye is not wanted
batik	v.	dye with wax
batiste	n.	a thin plain-weave cotton or linen fabric; used for shirts or dresses
batman	n.	an orderly assigned to serve a British military officer
batmen	n.	an orderly assigned to serve a British military officer
baton	n.	a thin tapered rod used by a conductor to lead an orchestra or choir
baton	n.	a short stout club used primarily by policemen
baton	n.	a short staff carried by some officials to symbolize an office or an authority
baton	n.	a hollow metal rod that is wielded or twirled by a drum major or drum majorette
baton	n.	a hollow cylinder passed from runner to runner in a relay race
batsman	n.	(baseball) a ballplayer who is batting
batsmen	n.	(baseball) a ballplayer who is batting
battalion	n.	an army unit usually consisting of a headquarters and three or more companies
battalion	n.	a large indefinite number
batted	v.	strike with, or as if with a baseball bat
batted	v.	wink briefly
batted	v.	have a turn at bat
batted	v.	use a bat
batted	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
batten	n.	stuffing made of rolls or sheets of cotton wool or synthetic fiber
batten	n.	a strip fixed to something to hold it firm
batten	v.	furnish with battens
batten	v.	secure with battens
batter	n.	(baseball) a ballplayer who is batting
batter	n.	a liquid or semiliquid mixture, as of flour, eggs, and milk, used in cooking
batter	v.	strike against forcefully
batter	v.	strike violently and repeatedly
batter	v.	make a dent or impression in
battery	n.	group of guns or missile launchers operated together at one place
battery	n.	a device that produces electricity; may have several primary or secondary cells arranged in parallel or series
battery	n.	a collection of related things intended for use together
battery	n.	a unit composed of the pitcher and catcher
battery	n.	a series of stamps operated in one mortar for crushing ores
battery	n.	the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target
battery	n.	an assault in which the assailant makes physical contact
batting	n.	(baseball) the batter's attempt to get on base
batting	n.	stuffing made of rolls or sheets of cotton wool or synthetic fiber
batting	v.	strike with, or as if with a baseball bat
batting	v.	wink briefly
batting	v.	have a turn at bat
batting	v.	use a bat
batting	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
battle	n.	a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war
battle	n.	an energetic attempt to achieve something
battle	n.	an open clash between two opposing groups (or individuals); --Thomas Paine
battle	v.	battle or contend against in or as if in a battle
battledore	n.	a light long-handled racket used by badminton players
battledore	n.	an ancient racket game
battlefield	n.	a region where a battle is being (or has been) fought
battlefront	n.	the line along which opposing armies face each other
battleground	n.	a region where a battle is being (or has been) fought
battlement	n.	a rampart built around the top of a castle with regular gaps for firing arrows or guns
battler	n.	someone who fights (or is fighting)
battleship	n.	large and heavily armoured warship
batty	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
bauble	n.	a mock scepter carried by a court jester
bauble	n.	cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing
baud	n.	(computer science) a data transmission rate (bits/second) for modems
baudelaire	n.	a French poet noted for macabre imagery and evocative language (1821-1867)
bauhaus	n.	a German style of architecture begun by Walter Gropius in 1918
baum	n.	United States writer of children's books (1856-1919)
bauxite	n.	a clay-like mineral; the chief ore of aluminum; composed of aluminum oxides and aluminum hydroxides; used as an abrasive and catalyst
bavaria	n.	a state in southern Germany famous for its beer; site of an automobile factory
bavarian	n.	a native or an inhabitant of Bavaria
bavarian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bavaria or its people
bawd	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
bawdily	adv.	in a bawdy manner
bawdiness	n.	the trait of behaving in an obscene manner
bawdy	n.	lewd or obscene talk or writing
bawdy	adj.	humorously vulgar
bawl	v.	shout loudly and without restraint
bawl	v.	make a raucous noise
bawl	v.	cry loudly
bay	n.	an indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove but smaller than a gulf
bay	n.	the sound of a hound on the scent
bay	n.	small Mediterranean evergreen tree with small blackish berries and glossy aromatic leaves used for flavoring in cooking; also used by ancient Greeks to crown victors
bay	n.	a compartment on a ship between decks; often used as a hospital
bay	n.	a compartment in an aircraft used for some specific purpose
bay	n.	a small recess opening off a larger room
bay	n.	a horse of a moderate reddish-brown color
bay	v.	utter in deep prolonged tones
bay	v.	bark with prolonged noises, of dogs
bay	adj.	(used of animals especially a horse) of a moderate reddish-brown color
bayberry	n.	West Indian tree; source of bay rum
bayberry	n.	deciduous aromatic shrub of eastern North America with grey-green wax-coated berries
bayer	n.	the acetylated derivative of salicylic acid; used as an analgesic anti-inflammatory drug (trade names Bayer, Empirin, and St. Joseph) usually taken in tablet form; used as an antipyretic; slows clotting of the blood by poisoning platelets
bayes	n.	English mathematician for whom Bayes' theorem is named (1702-1761)
bayes	v.	utter in deep prolonged tones
bayes	v.	bark with prolonged noises, of dogs
bayesian	adj.	of or relating to statistical methods based on Bayes' theorem
bayonet	n.	a knife that can be fixed to the end of a rifle and used as a weapon
bayonet	v.	stab or kill someone with a bayonet
bayonne	n.	a city in northeastern New Jersey
bayou	n.	a swampy arm or slow-moving outlet of a lake (term used mainly in Mississippi and Louisiana)
bazaar	n.	a shop where a variety of goods are sold
bazaar	n.	a street of small shops (especially in Orient)
bazaar	n.	a sale of miscellany; often for charity
bazooka	n.	a portable rocket launcher used by infantrymen as an antitank weapon
bb	n.	a small pellet fired from an air rifle or BB gun
bbl	n.	any of various units of capacity
bbs	n.	a computer that is running software that allows users to leave messages and access information of general interest
bbs	n.	a small pellet fired from an air rifle or BB gun
bbses	n.	a computer that is running software that allows users to leave messages and access information of general interest
bc	adv.	before the Christian era; used following dates before the supposed year Christ was born
be	n.	a light strong brittle grey toxic bivalent metallic element
be	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
be	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
be	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
be	v.	have an existence, be extant
be	v.	happen, occur, take place
be	v.	be identical or equivalent to
be	v.	form or compose
be	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
be	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
be	v.	spend or use time
be	v.	have life, be alive
be	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
be	v.	be priced at
beach	n.	an area of sand sloping down to the water of a sea or lake
beach	v.	land on a beach
beachcomber	n.	a vagrant living on a beach
beachfront	n.	a strip of land running along a beach
beachhead	n.	a bridgehead on the enemy's shoreline seized by an amphibious operation
beachhead	n.	an initial accomplishment that opens the way for further developments
beachwear	n.	clothing to be worn at a beach
beacon	n.	a fire (usually on a hill or tower) that can be seen from a distance
beacon	n.	a radio station that broadcasts a directional signal for navigational purposes
beacon	n.	a tower with a light that gives warning of shoals to passing ships
beacon	v.	shine like a beacon
beacon	v.	guide with a beacon
bead	n.	a small ball with a hole through the middle
bead	n.	a shape that is spherical and small
bead	n.	a beaded molding for edging or decorating furniture
bead	v.	form into beads, as of water or sweat, for example
bead	v.	decorate by sewing beads onto
bead	v.	string together like beads
beading	n.	ornamentation with beads
beading	n.	a beaded molding for edging or decorating furniture
beading	v.	form into beads, as of water or sweat, for example
beading	v.	decorate by sewing beads onto
beading	v.	string together like beads
beadle	n.	a minor parish official who serves a ceremonial function
beadle	n.	United States biologist who discovered how hereditary characteristics are transmitted by genes (1903-1989)
beady	adj.	small and round and shiny like a shiny bead or button
beady	adj.	covered with beads or jewels or sequins
beagle	n.	a small short-legged smooth-coated breed of hound
beak	n.	beaklike mouth of animals other than birds (e.g., turtles)
beak	n.	horny projecting mouth of a bird
beak	n.	a beaklike, tapering tip on certain plant structures
beak	n.	informal terms for the nose
beak	v.	hit lightly with a picking motion
beaker	n.	a flatbottomed jar made of glass or plastic; used for chemistry
beaker	n.	a cup (usually without a handle)
beam	n.	a signal transmitted along a narrow path; guides airplane pilots in darkness or bad weather
beam	n.	long thick piece of wood or metal or concrete, etc., used in construction
beam	n.	a group of nearly parallel lines of electromagnetic radiation
beam	n.	a column of light (as from a beacon)
beam	n.	(nautical) breadth amidships
beam	n.	the broad side of a ship
beam	n.	a gymnastic apparatus used by women gymnasts
beam	v.	smile radiantly; express joy through one's facial expression
beam	v.	emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light
beam	v.	express with a beaming face or smile
beam	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
beam	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
beam	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
bean	n.	any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food
bean	n.	any of various seeds or fruits that are beans or resemble beans
bean	n.	any of various leguminous plants grown for their edible seeds and pods
bean	n.	informal terms for a human head
bean	v.	hit on the head, especially with a pitched baseball
beanbag	n.	a small cloth bag filled with dried beans; thrown in games
beanfeast	n.	an annual dinner party given by an employer for the employees
beanie	n.	a small skullcap; formerly worn by schoolboys and college freshmen
beanstalk	n.	stem of a bean plant
bear	n.	massive plantigrade carnivorous or omnivorous mammals with long shaggy coats and strong claws
bear	n.	an investor with a pessimistic market outlook; an investor who expects prices to fall and so sells now in order to buy later at a lower price
bear	v.	have
bear	v.	cause to be born
bear	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
bear	v.	move while holding up or supporting
bear	v.	bring forth,
bear	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
bear	v.	contain or hold; have within
bear	v.	bring in
bear	v.	have on one's person
bear	v.	behave in a certain manner
bear	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
bear	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
bear	v.	be pregnant with
bearable	adj.	capable of being borne though unpleasant
beard	n.	the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face
beard	n.	a tuft or growth of hairs or bristles on certain plants such as iris or grasses
beard	n.	a person who diverts suspicion from someone (especially a woman who accompanies a male homosexual in order to conceal his homosexuality)
beard	n.	hairy growth on or near the face of certain mammals
beard	n.	tuft of strong filaments by which e.g. a mussel makes itself fast to a fixed surface
beard	v.	go along the rim, like a beard around the chin
beardless	adj.	having no beard
beardless	adj.	lacking hair on the face
bearer	n.	someone whose employment involves carrying something
bearer	n.	a messenger who bears or presents
bearer	n.	one of the mourners carrying the coffin at a funeral
bearer	n.	the person who is in possession of a check or note or bond or document of title that is endorsed to him or to whoever holds it
bearing	n.	relevant relation or interconnection
bearing	n.	the direction or path along which something moves or along which it lies
bearing	n.	dignified manner or conduct
bearing	n.	characteristic way of bearing one's body
bearing	n.	heraldry consisting of a design or image depicted on a shield
bearing	n.	a rotating support placed between moving parts to allow them to move easily
bearing	v.	have
bearing	v.	cause to be born
bearing	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
bearing	v.	move while holding up or supporting
bearing	v.	bring forth,
bearing	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
bearing	v.	contain or hold; have within
bearing	v.	bring in
bearing	v.	have on one's person
bearing	v.	behave in a certain manner
bearing	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
bearing	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
bearing	v.	be pregnant with
bearing	adj.	(of a structural member) withstanding a weight or strain
bearish	adj.	expecting prices to fall
bearnaise	n.	a sauce like hollandaise but made with white wine and tarragon and shallots instead of lemon juice
bearskin	n.	the pelt of a bear (sometimes used as a rug)
bearskin	n.	tall hat; worn by some British soldiers on ceremonial occasions
beast	n.	a living organism characterized by voluntary movement
beast	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
beastliness	n.	the quality of being deliberately mean
beastliness	n.	unpleasant nastiness; used especially of nasty weather
beastly	adj.	very unpleasant
beastly	adj.	resembling a beast; showing lack of human sensibility
beastly	adv.	in a beastly manner
beat	n.	a regular route for a sentry or policeman
beat	n.	the rhythmic contraction and expansion of the arteries with each beat of the heart
beat	n.	the basic rhythmic unit in a piece of music
beat	n.	a single pulsation of an oscillation produced by adding two waves of different frequencies; has a frequency equal to the difference between the two oscillations
beat	n.	a member of the beat generation; a nonconformist in dress and behavior
beat	n.	the sound of stroke or blow
beat	n.	(prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse
beat	n.	a regular rate of repetition
beat	n.	a stroke or blow
beat	n.	the act of beating to windward; sailing as close as possible to the direction from which the wind is blowing
beat	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
beat	v.	give a beating to; subject to a beating, either as a punishment or as an act of aggression
beat	v.	hit repeatedly
beat	v.	move rhythmically
beat	v.	shape by beating
beat	v.	make a rhythmic sound
beat	v.	glare or strike with great intensity
beat	v.	move with a thrashing motion
beat	v.	sail with much tacking or with difficulty
beat	v.	stir vigorously
beat	v.	strike (a part of one's own body) repeatedly, as in great emotion or in accompaniment to music
beat	v.	be superior
beat	v.	avoid paying
beat	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
beat	v.	move with a flapping motion
beat	v.	indicate by beating, as with the fingers or drumsticks
beat	v.	move with or as if with a regular alternating motion
beat	v.	make by pounding or trampling
beat	v.	produce a rhythm by striking repeatedly
beat	v.	strike (water or bushes) repeatedly to rouse animals for hunting
beat	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
beat	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
beat	v.	wear out completely
beat	adj.	very tired
beatable	adj.	susceptible to being defeated
beaten	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
beaten	v.	give a beating to; subject to a beating, either as a punishment or as an act of aggression
beaten	v.	hit repeatedly
beaten	v.	move rhythmically
beaten	v.	shape by beating
beaten	v.	make a rhythmic sound
beaten	v.	glare or strike with great intensity
beaten	v.	move with a thrashing motion
beaten	v.	sail with much tacking or with difficulty
beaten	v.	stir vigorously
beaten	v.	strike (a part of one's own body) repeatedly, as in great emotion or in accompaniment to music
beaten	v.	be superior
beaten	v.	avoid paying
beaten	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
beaten	v.	move with a flapping motion
beaten	v.	indicate by beating, as with the fingers or drumsticks
beaten	v.	move with or as if with a regular alternating motion
beaten	v.	make by pounding or trampling
beaten	v.	produce a rhythm by striking repeatedly
beaten	v.	strike (water or bushes) repeatedly to rouse animals for hunting
beaten	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
beaten	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
beaten	v.	wear out completely
beaten	adj.	formed or made thin by hammering
beaten	adj.	much trodden and worn smooth or bare
beater	n.	a worker who rouses wild game from under cover for a hunter
beater	n.	an implement for beating
beatific	adj.	experiencing or bestowing celestial joy
beatific	adj.	marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint
beatification	n.	a state of supreme happiness
beatification	n.	the action of rendering supremely blessed and extremely happy
beatification	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) an act of the Pope who declares that a deceased person lived a holy life and is worthy of public veneration; a first step toward canonization
beatify	v.	fill with sublime emotion
beatify	v.	make blessedly happy
beatify	v.	declare (a dead person) to be blessed; the first step of achieving sainthood
beating	n.	the act of overcoming or outdoing
beating	n.	the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows
beating	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
beating	v.	give a beating to; subject to a beating, either as a punishment or as an act of aggression
beating	v.	hit repeatedly
beating	v.	move rhythmically
beating	v.	shape by beating
beating	v.	make a rhythmic sound
beating	v.	glare or strike with great intensity
beating	v.	move with a thrashing motion
beating	v.	sail with much tacking or with difficulty
beating	v.	stir vigorously
beating	v.	strike (a part of one's own body) repeatedly, as in great emotion or in accompaniment to music
beating	v.	be superior
beating	v.	avoid paying
beating	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
beating	v.	move with a flapping motion
beating	v.	indicate by beating, as with the fingers or drumsticks
beating	v.	move with or as if with a regular alternating motion
beating	v.	make by pounding or trampling
beating	v.	produce a rhythm by striking repeatedly
beating	v.	strike (water or bushes) repeatedly to rouse animals for hunting
beating	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
beating	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
beating	v.	wear out completely
beatitude	n.	a state of supreme happiness
beatitude	n.	one of the eight sayings of Jesus at the beginning of the Sermon on the Mount; in Latin each saying begins with `beatus' (blessed)
beatles	n.	a rock group from Liverpool who between 1962 and 1970 produced a variety of hit songs and albums (most of them written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon)
beatnik	n.	a member of the beat generation; a nonconformist in dress and behavior
beatrice	n.	the woman who guided Dante through Paradise in the Divine Comedy
beau	n.	a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman
beau	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
beaujolais	n.	dry fruity light red wine drunk within a few months after it is made; from the Beaujolais district in southeastern France
beaumont	n.	United States surgeon remembered for his studies of digestion (1785-1853)
beaumont	n.	English dramatist who collaborated with John Fletcher (1584-1616)
beaumont	n.	a city of southeastern Texas near Houston
beaut	n.	an outstanding example of its kind
beauteous	adj.	(poetic )beautiful, especially to the sight
beautician	n.	someone who works in a beauty parlor
beautification	n.	the act of making something more beautiful
beautiful	adj.	delighting the senses or exciting intellectual or emotional admiration
beautiful	adj.	(of weather) highly enjoyable
beautify	v.	make more beautiful
beautify	v.	be beautiful to look at
beautify	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
beauty	n.	the qualities that give pleasure to the senses
beauty	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
beauty	n.	an outstanding example of its kind
beauvoir	n.	French feminist and existentialist and novelist (1908-1986)
beaver	n.	the soft brown fur of the beaver
beaver	n.	a native or resident of Oregon
beaver	n.	a full beard
beaver	n.	a man's hat with a tall crown; usually covered with silk or with beaver fur
beaver	n.	a movable piece of armor on a medieval helmet used to protect the lower face
beaver	n.	a hat made with the fur of a beaver (or similar material)
beaver	n.	large semiaquatic rodent with webbed hind feet and a broad flat tail; construct complex dams and underwater lodges
beaver	v.	work hard on something
bebop	n.	an early form of modern jazz (originating around 1940)
bebop	v.	dance the bebop
becalm	v.	make steady
became	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
became	v.	undergo a change or development
became	v.	come into existence
became	v.	enhance the appearance of
beck	n.	a beckoning gesture
becket	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) archbishop of Canterbury from 1162 to 1170; murdered following his opposition to Henry II's attempts to control the clergy (1118-1170)
becket	n.	(nautical) a short line with an eye at one end and a knot at the other; used to secure loose items on a ship
beckett	n.	a playwright and novelist (born in Ireland) who lived in France; wrote plays for the theater of the absurd (1906-1989)
beckley	n.	a city in southern West Virginia
beckon	v.	signal with the hands or nod
beckon	v.	appear inviting
beckon	v.	summon with a wave, nod, or some other gesture
becloud	v.	make less visible or unclear
become	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
become	v.	undergo a change or development
become	v.	come into existence
become	v.	enhance the appearance of
becoming	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
becoming	v.	undergo a change or development
becoming	v.	come into existence
becoming	v.	enhance the appearance of
becoming	adj.	according with custom or propriety
becoming	adj.	displaying or setting off to best advantage
becquerel	n.	French physicist who discovered that rays emitted by uranium salts affect photographic plates (1852-1908)
bed	n.	a piece of furniture that provides a place to sleep
bed	n.	a plot of ground in which plants are growing
bed	n.	a depression forming the ground under a body of water
bed	n.	(geology) a stratum of rock (especially sedimentary rock)
bed	n.	a stratum of ore or coal thick enough to be mined with profit
bed	n.	single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance
bed	n.	the flat surface of a printing press on which the type form is laid in the last stage of producing a newspaper or magazine or book etc.
bed	n.	a foundation of earth or rock supporting a road or railroad track
bed	v.	furnish with a bed
bed	v.	place (plants) in a prepared bed of soil
bed	v.	put to bed
bed	v.	have sexual intercourse with
bed	v.	prepare for sleep
bedaub	v.	spread or daub (a surface)
bedazzle	v.	to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
bedbug	n.	bug of temperate regions that infests especially beds and feeds on human blood
bedchamber	n.	a room used primarily for sleeping
bedclothes	n.	coverings that are used on a bed
bedded	v.	furnish with a bed
bedded	v.	place (plants) in a prepared bed of soil
bedded	v.	put to bed
bedded	v.	have sexual intercourse with
bedded	v.	prepare for sleep
bedded	adj.	deposited or arranged in horizontal layers
bedded	adj.	having a bed or beds as specified
bedder	n.	an ornamental plant suitable for planting in a flowerbed
bedding	n.	coverings that are used on a bed
bedding	n.	material used to provide a bed for animals
bedding	v.	furnish with a bed
bedding	v.	place (plants) in a prepared bed of soil
bedding	v.	put to bed
bedding	v.	have sexual intercourse with
bedding	v.	prepare for sleep
bede	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) English monk and scholar (672-735)
bedeck	v.	decorate
bedevil	v.	treat cruelly
bedevil	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
bedevilment	n.	the act of harassing someone
bedfellow	n.	a temporary associate
bedfellow	n.	a person with whom you share a bed
bedim	v.	make darker and difficult to perceive by sight
bedim	v.	make obscure or unclear
bedimmed	v.	make darker and difficult to perceive by sight
bedimmed	v.	make obscure or unclear
bedimmed	adj.	made dim or indistinct
bedimming	v.	make darker and difficult to perceive by sight
bedimming	v.	make obscure or unclear
bedizen	v.	decorate tastelessly
bedizen	v.	dress up garishly and tastelessly
bedlam	n.	a state of extreme confusion and disorder
bedlam	n.	pejorative terms for an insane asylum
bedouin	n.	a member of a nomadic tribe of Arabs
bedpan	n.	a shallow vessel used by a bedridden patient for defecation and urination
bedpost	n.	any of 4 vertical supports at the corners of a bedstead
bedraggle	v.	make wet and dirty, as from rain
bedridden	adj.	confined to bed (by illness)
bedrock	n.	solid unweathered rock lying beneath surface deposits of soil
bedrock	n.	principles from which other truths can be derived
bedroll	n.	bedding rolled up for carrying
bedroom	n.	a room used primarily for sleeping
bedside	n.	space by the side of a bed (especially the bed of a sick or dying person)
bedsit	n.	a furnished sitting room with sleeping accommodations (and some plumbing)
bedsitter	n.	a furnished sitting room with sleeping accommodations (and some plumbing)
bedsore	n.	a chronic ulcer of the skin caused by prolonged pressure on it (as in bedridden patients)
bedspread	n.	decorative cover for a bed
bedstead	n.	the framework of a bed
bedtime	n.	the time you go to bed
bee	n.	any of numerous hairy-bodied insects including social and solitary species
bee	n.	a social gathering to carry out some communal task or to hold competitions
beebread	n.	a mixture of nectar and pollen prepared by worker bees and fed to larvae
beech	n.	any of several large deciduous trees with rounded spreading crowns and smooth grey bark and small sweet edible triangular nuts enclosed in burs; north temperate regions
beech	n.	wood of any of various beech trees; used for flooring and containers and plywood and tool handles
beecher	n.	United States clergyman who was a leader for the abolition of slavery (1813-1887)
beechnut	n.	small sweet triangular nut of any of various beech trees
beef	n.	cattle that are reared for their meat
beef	n.	meat from an adult domestic bovine
beef	n.	informal terms for objecting
beef	v.	complain
beefburger	n.	a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often with other ingredients
beefcake	n.	a photograph of a muscular man in minimal attire
beefsteak	n.	a beef steak usually cooked by broiling
beefy	adj.	muscular and heavily built
beehive	n.	any workplace where people are very busy
beehive	n.	a structure that provides a natural habitation for bees; as in a hollow tree
beehive	n.	a hairdo resembling a beehive
beehive	n.	a man-made receptacle that houses a swarm of bees
beekeeper	n.	a farmer who keeps bees for their honey
beekeeping	n.	the cultivation of bees on a commercial scale for the production of honey
beeline	n.	the most direct route
beelzebub	n.	(Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of God; tempter of mankind; master of Hell
been	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
been	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
been	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
been	v.	have an existence, be extant
been	v.	happen, occur, take place
been	v.	be identical or equivalent to
been	v.	form or compose
been	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
been	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
been	v.	spend or use time
been	v.	have life, be alive
been	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
been	v.	be priced at
beep	n.	a short high tone produced as a signal or warning
beep	v.	make a loud noise
beep	v.	call, summon, or alert with a beeper
beeper	n.	an electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carrying it is being paged
beer	n.	a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixture of cereals) flavored with hops
beerbohm	n.	English writer and caricaturist (1872-1956)
beery	adj.	smelling of beer
beeswax	n.	a yellow to brown wax secreted by honeybees to build honeycombs
beeswax	v.	cover with beeswax
beet	n.	biennial Eurasian plant usually having a swollen edible root; widely cultivated as a food crop
beet	n.	round red root vegetable
beethoven	n.	German composer of instrumental music (especially symphonic and chamber music); continued to compose after he lost his hearing (1770-1827)
beethoven	n.	the music of Beethoven
beetle	n.	insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers overlying the membranous rear wings
beetle	n.	a tool resembling a hammer but with a large head (usually wooden); used to drive wedges or ram down paving stones or for crushing or beating or flattening or smoothing
beetle	v.	be suspended over or hang over
beetle	v.	fly or go in a manner resembling a beetle
beetle	v.	beat with a beetle
beetle	adj.	jutting or overhanging
beetroot	n.	beet having a massively swollen red root; widely grown for human consumption
beetroot	n.	round red root vegetable
beeves	n.	cattle that are reared for their meat
beeves	n.	meat from an adult domestic bovine
beeves	n.	informal terms for objecting
befall	v.	become of; happen to
befall	v.	happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance; ;  (Santayana)
befell	v.	become of; happen to
befell	v.	happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance; ;  (Santayana)
befit	v.	accord or comport with
befitted	v.	accord or comport with
befitting	v.	accord or comport with
befitting	adj.	appropriate to
befog	v.	make less visible or unclear
befogged	v.	make less visible or unclear
befogged	adj.	stupefied by alcoholic drink
befogging	v.	make less visible or unclear
before	adv.	earlier in time; previously
before	adv.	at or in the front
beforehand	adj.	being ahead of time or need
beforehand	adv.	ahead of time; in anticipation
befoul	v.	spot, stain, or pollute
befriend	v.	become friends with
befuddle	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
befuddle	v.	make stupid with alcohol
befuddlement	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
beg	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
beg	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
beg	v.	ask to obtain free
beg	v.	dodge, avoid answering, or take for granted
began	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
began	v.	have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense
began	v.	set in motion, cause to start
began	v.	begin to speak or say;  he began
began	v.	be the first item or point, constitute the beginning or start, come first in a series
began	v.	have a beginning, of a temporal event
began	v.	have a beginning characterized in some specified way
began	v.	begin an event that is implied and limited by the nature or inherent function of the direct object
began	v.	achieve or accomplish in the least degree, usually used in the negative
began	v.	begin to speak, understand, read, and write a language
begat	v.	make children
beget	v.	make children
begetter	n.	a male parent (also used as a term of address to your father)
begetting	v.	make children
beggar	n.	a pauper who lives by begging
beggar	v.	be beyond the resources of
beggar	v.	reduce to beggary
beggary	n.	a solicitation for money or food (especially in the street by an apparently penniless person)
beggary	n.	the state of being a beggar or mendicant
begged	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
begged	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
begged	v.	ask to obtain free
begged	v.	dodge, avoid answering, or take for granted
begging	n.	a solicitation for money or food (especially in the street by an apparently penniless person)
begging	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
begging	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
begging	v.	ask to obtain free
begging	v.	dodge, avoid answering, or take for granted
begin	n.	Israeli statesman (born in Russia) who (as prime minister of Israel) negotiated a peace treaty with Anwar Sadat (then the president of Egypt) (1913-1992)
begin	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
begin	v.	have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense
begin	v.	set in motion, cause to start
begin	v.	begin to speak or say;  he began
begin	v.	be the first item or point, constitute the beginning or start, come first in a series
begin	v.	have a beginning, of a temporal event
begin	v.	have a beginning characterized in some specified way
begin	v.	begin an event that is implied and limited by the nature or inherent function of the direct object
begin	v.	achieve or accomplish in the least degree, usually used in the negative
begin	v.	begin to speak, understand, read, and write a language
beginner	n.	someone new to a field or activity
beginner	n.	a person who founds or establishes some institution
beginning	n.	the event consisting of the start of something
beginning	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
beginning	n.	the first part or section of something
beginning	n.	the place where something begins, where it springs into being
beginning	n.	the act of starting something
beginning	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
beginning	v.	have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense
beginning	v.	set in motion, cause to start
beginning	v.	begin to speak or say;  he began
beginning	v.	be the first item or point, constitute the beginning or start, come first in a series
beginning	v.	have a beginning, of a temporal event
beginning	v.	have a beginning characterized in some specified way
beginning	v.	begin an event that is implied and limited by the nature or inherent function of the direct object
beginning	v.	achieve or accomplish in the least degree, usually used in the negative
beginning	v.	begin to speak, understand, read, and write a language
beginning	adj.	serving to begin
begonia	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Begonia grown for their attractive glossy asymmetrical leaves and colorful flowers in usually terminal cymes or racemes
begot	v.	make children
begotten	v.	make children
begotten	adj.	(of offspring) generated by procreation
begrime	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
begrudge	v.	be envious of; set one's heart on
begrudge	v.	wish ill or allow unwillingly
begrudging	v.	be envious of; set one's heart on
begrudging	v.	wish ill or allow unwillingly
beguile	v.	influence by slyness
beguile	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
beguilement	n.	magnetic personal charm
beguilement	n.	an entertainment that provokes pleased interest and distracts you from worries and vexations
beguiler	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
beguiler	n.	a person who charms others (usually by personal attractiveness)
beguiling	v.	influence by slyness
beguiling	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
beguiling	adj.	highly attractive and able to arouse hope or desire
beguiling	adj.	misleading by means of pleasant or alluring methods
beguine	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a member of a lay sisterhood (one of several founded in the Netherlands in the 12th and 13th centuries); though not taking religious vows the sisters followed an austere life
beguine	n.	music written in the bolero rhythm of the beguine dance
beguine	n.	a ballroom dance that originated in the French West Indies; similar to the rumba
begum	n.	a Muslim woman of high rank in India or Pakistan
begun	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
begun	v.	have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense
begun	v.	set in motion, cause to start
begun	v.	begin to speak or say;  he began
begun	v.	be the first item or point, constitute the beginning or start, come first in a series
begun	v.	have a beginning, of a temporal event
begun	v.	have a beginning characterized in some specified way
begun	v.	begin an event that is implied and limited by the nature or inherent function of the direct object
begun	v.	achieve or accomplish in the least degree, usually used in the negative
begun	v.	begin to speak, understand, read, and write a language
behalf	n.	as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as  rather than )
behalf	n.	for someone's benefit (usually expressed as `in behalf' rather than `on behalf' and usually with a possessive)
behalves	n.	as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as  rather than )
behalves	n.	for someone's benefit (usually expressed as `in behalf' rather than `on behalf' and usually with a possessive)
behave	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
behave	v.	behave in a certain manner
behave	v.	behave well or properly
behavior	n.	manner of acting or controlling yourself
behavior	n.	the action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specified circumstances
behavior	n.	(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people
behavior	n.	(psychology) the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation
behavioral	adj.	of or relating to behavior
behaviorism	n.	an approach to psychology that emphasizes observable measurable behavior
behaviorist	n.	a psychologist who subscribes to behaviorism
behaviorist	adj.	of or relating to behaviorism
behead	v.	cut the head of
beheld	v.	see with attention
behemoth	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
behemoth	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
behemoths	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
behemoths	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
behest	n.	an authoritative command or request
behind	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
behind	adj.	having the lower score or lagging position in a contest
behind	adv.	in or to or toward the rear
behind	adv.	remaining in a place or condition that has been left or departed from
behind	adv.	of timepieces
behind	adv.	in or into an inferior position
behind	adv.	in debt
behindhand	adj.	behind schedule
behindhand	adv.	in debt
behold	v.	see with attention
beholder	n.	a person who becomes aware (of things or events) through the senses
behoove	v.	be appropriate or necessary
behring	n.	Danish explorer who explored the northern Pacific Ocean for the Russians and discovered the Bering Strait (1681-1741)
beige	n.	a very light brown
beige	adj.	of a light greyish-brown color
beijing	n.	capital of the People's Republic of China in the Hebei province in northeastern China; 2nd largest Chinese city
being	n.	the state or fact of existing
being	n.	a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently
being	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
being	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
being	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
being	v.	have an existence, be extant
being	v.	happen, occur, take place
being	v.	be identical or equivalent to
being	v.	form or compose
being	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
being	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
being	v.	spend or use time
being	v.	have life, be alive
being	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
being	v.	be priced at
beirut	n.	capital and largest city of Lebanon; located in western Lebanon on the Mediterranean
bejewel	v.	adorn or decorate with precious stones
belabor	v.	to work at or to absurd length
belabor	v.	attack verbally with harsh criticism
belabor	v.	beat soundly
belarus	n.	a landlocked republic in eastern Europe; formerly a European soviet
belarusian	n.	the Slavic language spoken in Belarus
belarusian	adj.	of or pertaining to Belarus or to the people or culture of Belarus
belated	adj.	after the expected or usual time; delayed
belau	n.	a chain of more than 200 islands about 400 miles long in the western central Pacific Ocean
belay	n.	something to which a mountain climber's rope can be secured
belay	v.	turn a rope round an object or person in order to secure it or him
belay	v.	fasten a boat to a bitt, pin, or cleat
belch	n.	a reflex that expels gas noisily from the stomach through the mouth
belch	v.	expel gas from the stomach
belch	v.	become active and spew forth lava and rocks
beleaguer	v.	annoy persistently
beleaguer	v.	surround so as to force to give up
belem	n.	port city in northern Brazil in the Amazon delta; main port and commercial center for the Amazon River basin
belfast	n.	capital and largest city of Northern Ireland; the center of Protestantism in Northern Ireland
belfry	n.	a bell tower; usually stands alone unattached to a building
belfry	n.	a room (often at the top of a tower) where bells are hung
belgian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Belgium
belgian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Belgium or the Belgian people
belgium	n.	a monarchy in northwestern Europe; headquarters for the European Union and for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
belgrade	n.	capital and largest city of Serbia and Montenegro; situated on the Danube
belie	v.	be in contradiction with
belie	v.	represent falsely
belief	n.	any cognitive content held as true
belief	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
beliefs	n.	any cognitive content held as true
beliefs	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
believable	adj.	capable of being believed
believably	adv.	in a believable manner
believably	adv.	easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
believe	v.	accept as true; take to be true
believe	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
believe	v.	be confident about something
believe	v.	follow a credo; have a faith; be a believer
believe	v.	credit with veracity
believer	n.	a supporter who accepts something as true
believer	n.	a person who has religious faith
believing	n.	the cognitive process that leads to convictions
believing	v.	accept as true; take to be true
believing	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
believing	v.	be confident about something
believing	v.	follow a credo; have a faith; be a believer
believing	v.	credit with veracity
belittle	v.	cause to seem less serious; play down
belittle	v.	express a negative opinion of
belittle	v.	lessen the authority, dignity, or reputation of
belize	n.	a country on the northeastern coast of Central America on the Caribbean; formerly under British control
bell	n.	a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck
bell	n.	a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pushed
bell	n.	the sound of a bell being struck
bell	n.	(nautical) each of the eight half-hour units of nautical time signaled by strokes of a ship's bell; eight bells signals 4:00, 8:00, or 12:00 o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.
bell	n.	the shape of a bell
bell	n.	a phonetician and father of Alexander Graham Bell (1819-1905)
bell	n.	English painter; sister of Virginia Woolf; prominent member of the Bloomsbury Group (1879-1961)
bell	n.	United States inventor (born in Scotland) of the telephone (1847-1922)
bell	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells that are struck with a hammer; used as an orchestral instrument
bell	n.	the flared opening of a tubular device
bell	v.	attach a bell to
belladonna	n.	perennial Eurasian herb with reddish bell-shaped flowers and shining black berries; extensively grown in United States; roots and leaves yield atropine
belladonna	n.	an alkaloidal extract or tincture of the poisonous belladonna plant that is used medicinally
bellboy	n.	someone employed as an errand boy and luggage carrier around hotels
belle	n.	a young woman who is the most charming and beautiful of several rivals
belled	v.	attach a bell to
belletristic	adj.	written and regarded for aesthetic value rather than content
bellhop	n.	someone employed as an errand boy and luggage carrier around hotels
bellicose	adj.	having or showing a ready disposition to fight
bellicosity	n.	a natural disposition to fight
belligerence	n.	hostile or warlike attitude or nature
belligerence	n.	a natural disposition to be hostile
belligerency	n.	hostile or warlike attitude or nature
belligerency	n.	fighting; acts of overt warfare
belligerent	n.	someone who fights (or is fighting)
belligerent	adj.	characteristic of an enemy or one eager to fight
belligerent	adj.	engaged in war
belling	n.	a noisy mock serenade (made by banging pans and kettles) to a newly married couple
belling	v.	attach a bell to
bellingham	n.	a town in northwestern Washington on a bay near the Canadian border
bellini	n.	Italian composer of operas (1801-1835)
bellman	n.	someone employed as an errand boy and luggage carrier around hotels
bellmen	n.	someone employed as an errand boy and luggage carrier around hotels
bellow	n.	a very loud utterance (like the sound of an animal)
bellow	n.	United States author (born in Canada) whose novels influenced American literature after World War II (1915-2005)
bellow	v.	shout loudly and without restraint
bellow	v.	make a loud noise, as of animal
bellwether	n.	someone who assumes leadership of a movement or activity
bellwether	n.	sheep that leads the herd often wearing a bell
belly	n.	the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis
belly	n.	a protruding abdomen
belly	n.	a part that bulges deeply
belly	n.	the hollow inside of something
belly	n.	the underpart of the body of certain vertebrates such as snakes or fish
belly	v.	swell out or bulge out
bellyache	n.	an ache localized in the stomach or abdominal region
bellyache	v.	complain
bellybutton	n.	a scar where the umbilical cord was attached
bellyful	n.	an undesirable overabundance
belmont	n.	a racetrack for thoroughbred racing in Elmont on Long Island; site of the Belmont Stakes
belong	v.	be owned by; be in the possession of
belong	v.	be suitable or acceptable
belong	v.	be in the right place or situation
belong	v.	be rightly classified in a class or category
belong	v.	be a member, adherent, inhabitant, etc. (of a group, organization, or place)
belong	v.	be a part or adjunct
belonging	n.	happiness felt in a secure relationship
belonging	v.	be owned by; be in the possession of
belonging	v.	be suitable or acceptable
belonging	v.	be in the right place or situation
belonging	v.	be rightly classified in a class or category
belonging	v.	be a member, adherent, inhabitant, etc. (of a group, organization, or place)
belonging	v.	be a part or adjunct
belorussian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Byelorussia
beloved	n.	a beloved person; used as terms of endearment
beloved	adj.	dearly loved
below	adv.	in or to a place that is lower
below	adv.	at a later place
below	adv.	(in writing) see below
below	adv.	on a floor below
below	adv.	further down
belshazzar	n.	(Old Testament) Babylonian general and son of Nebuchadnezzar II; according to the Old Testament he was warned of his doom by divine handwriting on the wall that was interpreted by Daniel (6th century BC)
belt	n.	endless loop of flexible material between two rotating shafts or pulleys
belt	n.	a band to tie or buckle around the body (usually at the waist)
belt	n.	an elongated region where a specific condition or characteristic is found
belt	n.	a vigorous blow
belt	n.	a path or strip (as cut by one course of mowing)
belt	n.	ammunition (usually of small caliber) loaded in flexible linked strips for use in a machine gun
belt	n.	the act of hitting vigorously
belt	v.	sing loudly and forcefully
belt	v.	deliver a blow to
belt	v.	fasten with a belt
beltway	n.	a highway that encircles an urban area so that traffic does not have to pass through the center
beluga	n.	valuable source of caviar and isinglass; found in Black and Caspian seas
beluga	n.	small northern whale that is white when adult
belying	v.	be in contradiction with
belying	v.	represent falsely
bemire	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
bemoan	v.	regret strongly
bemuse	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
bemused	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
bemused	adj.	deeply absorbed in thought
bemused	adj.	perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment
bemusement	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
ben	n.	a mountain or tall hill
bench	n.	a long seat for more than one person
bench	n.	a level shelf of land interrupting a declivity (with steep slopes above and below)
bench	n.	persons who administer justice
bench	n.	a strong worktable for a carpenter or mechanic
bench	n.	the magistrate or judge or judges sitting in court in judicial capacity to compose the court collectively
bench	n.	the reserve players on a team
bench	n.	(law) the seat for judges in a courtroom
bench	v.	take out of a game; of players
bench	v.	exhibit on a bench
benchley	n.	United States humorist (1889-1945)
benchmark	n.	a standard by which something can be measured or judged
benchmark	n.	a surveyor's mark on a permanent object of predetermined position and elevation used as a reference point
bend	n.	a circular segment of a curve
bend	n.	movement that causes the formation of a curve
bend	n.	curved segment (of a road or river or railroad track etc.)
bend	n.	an angular or rounded shape made by folding
bend	n.	a town in central Oregon at the eastern foot of the Cascade Range
bend	n.	diagonal line traversing a shield from the upper right corner to the lower left
bend	v.	form a curve
bend	v.	change direction
bend	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
bend	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
bend	v.	turn from a straight course, fixed direction, or line of interest
bend	v.	bend a joint
bender	n.	a tool for bending
bender	n.	revelry in drinking; a merry drinking party
bender	n.	a pitch of a baseball that is thrown with spin so that its path curves as it approaches the batter
beneath	adv.	in or to a place that is lower
benedict	n.	United States anthropologist (1887-1948)
benedict	n.	Italian monk who founded the Benedictine order about 540 (480-547)
benedict	n.	a newly married man (especially one who has long been a bachelor)
benedictine	n.	a monk or nun belonging to the order founded by Saint Benedict
benedictine	n.	a French liqueur originally made by Benedictine monks
benedictine	adj.	of or relating to Saint Benedict or his works
benedictine	adj.	of or relating to the Benedictines
benediction	n.	the act of praying for divine protection
benediction	n.	a ceremonial prayer invoking divine protection
benedictory	adj.	expressing benediction
benefaction	n.	a contribution of money or assistance
benefaction	n.	an act intending or showing kindness and good will
benefactor	n.	a person who helps people or institutions (especially with financial help)
benefactress	n.	a woman benefactor
benefice	n.	an endowed church office giving income to its holder
benefice	v.	endow with a benefice
beneficence	n.	doing good; feeling beneficent
beneficence	n.	the quality of being kind or helpful or generous
beneficent	adj.	doing or producing good
beneficent	adj.	generous in assistance to the poor
beneficial	adj.	promoting or enhancing well-being
beneficiary	n.	the recipient of funds or other benefits
beneficiary	n.	the semantic role of the intended recipient who benefits from the happening denoted by the verb in the clause
beneficiary	adj.	having or arising from a benefice
benefit	n.	financial assistance in time of need
benefit	n.	something that aids or promotes well-being
benefit	n.	a performance to raise money for a charitable cause
benefit	v.	derive a benefit from
benefit	v.	be beneficial for
benelux	n.	a customs union comprising Belgium and Netherlands and Luxembourg
benet	n.	United States poet; brother of William Rose Benet (1898-1943)
benet	n.	United States writer; brother of Stephen Vincent Benet (1886-1950)
benevolence	n.	disposition to do good
benevolence	n.	an inclination to do kind or charitable acts
benevolence	n.	an act intending or showing kindness and good will
benevolent	adj.	intending or showing kindness
benevolent	adj.	showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity
benevolent	adj.	generous in providing aid to others
benevolent	adj.	generous in assistance to the poor
bengal	n.	a region whose eastern part is now Bangladesh and whose western part is included in India
bengali	n.	(Hinduism) a member of a people living in Bangladesh and West Bengal (mainly Hindus)
bengali	n.	an ethnic group speaking Bengali and living in Bangladesh and eastern India
bengali	n.	a Magadhan language spoken by the Bengali people; the official language of Bangladesh and Bengal
bengali	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bengal or its people
benghazi	n.	port in northern Libya on the Gulf of Sidra; formerly a joint capital of Libya with Tripoli
benighted	v.	overtake with darkness or night
benighted	v.	envelop with social, intellectual, or moral darkness
benighted	v.	make darker and difficult to perceive by sight
benighted	adj.	overtaken by night or darkness
benighted	adj.	lacking enlightenment or knowledge or culture
benign	adj.	not dangerous to health; not recurrent or progressive (especially of a tumor)
benign	adj.	pleasant and beneficial in nature or influence
benign	adj.	kindness of disposition or manner
benignant	adj.	pleasant and beneficial in nature or influence
benignant	adj.	characterized by kindness and warm courtesy especially of a king to his subjects
benignity	n.	the quality of being kind and gentle
benignity	n.	a kind act
benin	n.	a country on western coast of Africa; formerly under French control
beninese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Benin
beninese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Benin or its people
benjamin	n.	gum resin used especially in treating skin irritation
benjamin	n.	(Old Testament) the youngest and best-loved son of Jacob and Rachel and one of the twelve forebears of the tribes of Israel
bennett	n.	United States aviator who (with Richard E. Byrd) piloted the first flight over the North Pole (1890-1928)
bennie	n.	a form of amphetamine
benny	n.	East Indian annual erect herb; source of sesame seed or benniseed and sesame oil
benny	n.	United States comedian known for his timeing and delivery and self-effacing humor (1894-1974)
bent	n.	a relatively permanent inclination to react in a particular way
bent	n.	grass for pastures and lawns especially bowling and putting greens
bent	n.	an area of grassland unbounded by fences or hedges
bent	n.	a special way of doing something
bent	v.	form a curve
bent	v.	change direction
bent	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
bent	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
bent	v.	turn from a straight course, fixed direction, or line of interest
bent	v.	bend a joint
bent	adj.	fixed in your purpose
bent	adj.	used of the back and knees; stooped
bent	adj.	of metal e.g.
bentham	n.	English philosopher and jurist; founder of utilitarianism (1748-1831)
benton	n.	United States artist whose paintings portrayed life in the Midwest and South (1889-1975)
benton	n.	United States legislator who opposed the use of paper currency (1782-1858)
bentonite	n.	an absorbent aluminum silicate clay formed from volcanic ash
bentwood	n.	wood that is steamed until it becomes pliable and then is shaped for use in making furniture
benumb	v.	make numb or insensitive
benzedrine	n.	a form of amphetamine
benzene	n.	a colorless liquid hydrocarbon; highly inflammable; carcinogenic; the simplest of the aromatic compounds
benzine	n.	a colorless liquid hydrocarbon; highly inflammable; carcinogenic; the simplest of the aromatic compounds
benzyl	n.	the univalent radical derived from toluene
beowulf	n.	the legendary hero of an anonymous Old English epic poem composed in the early 8th century; he slays a monster and becomes king but dies fighting a dragon
bequeath	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
bequeaths	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
bequest	n.	(law) a gift of personal property by will
berate	v.	censure severely or angrily
berber	n.	a member of an indigenous people of northern Africa
berber	n.	a cluster of related dialects that were once the major language of northern Africa west of Egypt; now spoken mostly in Morocco
bereave	v.	deprive through death
bereavement	n.	state of sorrow over the death or departure of a loved one
bereft	adj.	unhappy in love; suffering from unrequited love
bereft	adj.	sorrowful through loss or deprivation
beret	n.	a cap with no brim or bill; made of soft cloth
berg	n.	a large mass of ice floating at sea; usually broken off of a polar glacier
berg	n.	Austrian composer in Schoenberg's twelve-tone music system (1885-1935)
bergen	n.	a port city in southwestern Norway
bergman	n.	Swedish film actress (1915-1982)
bergman	n.	Swedish film director who used heavy symbolism and explored the psychology of the characters (born 1918)
bergson	n.	French philosopher who proposed elan vital as the cause of evolution and development (1859-1941)
beria	n.	Soviet chief of secret police under Joseph Stalin; was executed by his associates in the power struggle following Stalin's death (1899-1953)
beriberi	n.	avitaminosis caused by lack of thiamine (vitamin B1)
bering	n.	Danish explorer who explored the northern Pacific Ocean for the Russians and discovered the Bering Strait (1681-1741)
berk	n.	a stupid person who is easy to take advantage of
berkeley	n.	Irish philosopher and Anglican bishop who opposed the materialism of Thomas Hobbes (1685-1753)
berkeley	n.	a city in California on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay; site of the University of California at Berkeley
berkelium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element; discovered by bombarding americium with helium
berkshire	n.	a county in southern England
berkshires	n.	a low mountain range in western Massachusetts; a resort area
berkshires	n.	a county in southern England
berlin	n.	capital of Germany located in eastern Germany
berlin	n.	United States songwriter (born in Russia) who wrote more than 1500 songs and several musical comedies (1888-1989)
berlin	n.	a limousine with a glass partition between the front and back seats
berliner	n.	an inhabitant of Berlin
berlioz	n.	French composer of romantic works (1803-1869)
berm	n.	a narrow ledge or shelf typically at the top or bottom of a slope
berm	n.	a narrow edge of land (usually unpaved) along the side of a road
bermuda	n.	a group of islands in the Atlantic off the Carolina coast; British colony; a popular resort
bermudan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bermuda
bermudan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bermuda or its inhabitants
bermudian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bermuda
bern	n.	the capital of Switzerland; located in western Switzerland
bernard	n.	French physiologist noted for research on secretions of the alimentary canal and the glycogenic function of the liver (1813-1878)
bernhardt	n.	French actress (1844-1923)
bernini	n.	Italian sculptor and architect of the baroque period in Italy; designed many churches and chapels and tombs and fountains (1598-1680)
bernoulli	n.	Swiss physicist who contributed to hydrodynamics and mathematical physics (1700-1782)
bernoulli	n.	Swiss mathematician (1667-1748)
bernoulli	n.	Swiss mathematician (1654-1705)
bernstein	n.	United States conductor and composer (1918-1990)
berra	n.	United States baseball player (born 1925)
berry	n.	any of numerous small and pulpy edible fruits; used as desserts or in making jams and jellies and preserves
berry	n.	a small fruit having any of various structures, e.g., simple (grape or blueberry) or aggregate (blackberry or raspberry)
berry	n.	United States rock singer (born in 1931)
berry	v.	pick or gather berries
berrylike	adj.	resembling a berry
berserk	n.	one of the ancient Norse warriors legendary for working themselves into a frenzy before a battle and fighting with reckless savagery and insane fury
berserk	adj.	frenzied as if possessed by a demon
berth	n.	a job in an organization
berth	n.	a place where a craft can be made fast
berth	n.	a bed on a ship or train; usually in tiers
berth	v.	provide with a berth
berth	v.	secure in or as if in a berth or dock
berth	v.	come into or dock at a wharf
berths	n.	a job in an organization
berths	n.	a place where a craft can be made fast
berths	n.	a bed on a ship or train; usually in tiers
berths	v.	provide with a berth
berths	v.	secure in or as if in a berth or dock
berths	v.	come into or dock at a wharf
bertillon	n.	French criminologist (1853-1914)
beryl	n.	the chief source of beryllium; colored transparent varieties are valued as gems
beryllium	n.	a light strong brittle grey toxic bivalent metallic element
berzelius	n.	Swedish chemist who discovered three new elements and determined the atomic weights of many others (1779-1848)
beseech	v.	ask for or request earnestly
beseeching	v.	ask for or request earnestly
beseeching	adj.	begging
beseem	v.	accord or comport with
beset	v.	annoy continually or chronically
beset	v.	assail or attack on all sides:
beset	v.	decorate or cover lavishly (as with gems)
besetting	v.	annoy continually or chronically
besetting	v.	assail or attack on all sides:
besetting	v.	decorate or cover lavishly (as with gems)
besiege	v.	surround so as to force to give up
besiege	v.	cause to feel distressed or worried
besiege	v.	harass, as with questions or requests
besieger	n.	an enemy who lays siege to your position
besieger	n.	an energetic petitioner
besmear	v.	spread or daub (a surface)
besmirch	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
besmirch	v.	smear so as to make dirty or stained
besom	n.	a broom made of twigs tied together on a long handle
besot	v.	make dull or stupid or muddle with drunkenness or infatuation
besotted	adj.	very drunk
besought	v.	ask for or request earnestly
bespangle	v.	decorate with spangles
bespangle	v.	dot or sprinkle with sparkling or glittering objects
bespatter	v.	spot, splash, or soil
bespeak	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
bespeak	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
bespectacled	adj.	wearing, or having the face adorned with, eyeglasses or an eyeglass
bespoke	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
bespoke	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
bespoke	adj.	(of clothing) custom-made
bespoken	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
bespoken	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
bespoken	adj.	(of clothing) custom-made
bespoken	adj.	pledged to be married
bessel	n.	German mathematician and astronomer who made accurate measurements of stellar distances and who predicted the existence on an 8th planet (1784-1846)
bessemer	n.	British inventor and metallurgist who developed the Bessemer process (1813-1898)
best	n.	the supreme effort one can make
best	n.	the person who is most outstanding or excellent; someone who tops all others
best	n.	Canadian physiologist (born in the United States) who assisted F. G. Banting in research leading to the discovery of insulin (1899-1978)
best	v.	get the better of
best	adj.	(superlative of `good') having the most positive qualities
best	adj.	(comparative and superlative of `well') wiser or more advantageous and hence advisable
best	adj.	having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified
best	adj.	having the normally expected amount
best	adj.	morally admirable
best	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
best	adj.	promoting or enhancing well-being
best	adj.	agreeable or pleasing
best	adj.	of moral excellence
best	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
best	adj.	thorough
best	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
best	adj.	financially sound
best	adj.	most suitable or right for a particular purpose
best	adj.	resulting favorably
best	adj.	exerting force or influence
best	adj.	capable of pleasing
best	adj.	appealing to the mind
best	adj.	in excellent physical condition
best	adj.	tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health
best	adj.	not forged
best	adj.	not left to spoil
best	adj.	generally admired
best	adv.	in a most excellent way or manner
best	adv.	it would be sensible
best	adv.	from a position of superiority or authority
best	adv.	(often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well')
best	adv.	thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,
best	adv.	indicating high probability; in all likelihood
best	adv.	(used for emphasis or as an intensifier) entirely or fully
best	adv.	to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
best	adv.	favorably; with approval
best	adv.	to a great extent or degree
best	adv.	with great or especially intimate knowledge
best	adv.	with prudence or propriety
best	adv.	with skill or in a pleasing manner
best	adv.	in a manner affording benefit or advantage
best	adv.	in financial comfort
best	adv.	without unusual distress or resentment; with good humor
bestial	adj.	resembling a beast; showing lack of human sensibility
bestiality	n.	the stupid brutal quality of a beast
bestiality	n.	sexual activity between a person and an animal
bestiary	n.	a medieval book (usually illustrated) with allegorical and amusing descriptions of real and fabled animals
bestir	v.	become active
bestirred	v.	become active
bestirring	v.	become active
bestow	v.	present
bestow	v.	give as a gift
bestow	v.	bestow a quality on
bestowal	n.	the act of conferring an honor or presenting a gift
bestowal	n.	a gift that is bestowed or conferred
bestrew	v.	cover by strewing
bestrewn	v.	cover by strewing
bestridden	v.	get up on the back of
bestride	v.	get up on the back of
bestrode	v.	get up on the back of
bestseller	n.	a book that has had a large and rapid sale
bet	n.	the money risked on a gamble
bet	n.	the act of gambling
bet	v.	maintain with or as if with a bet
bet	v.	stake on the outcome of an issue
bet	v.	have faith or confidence in
beta	n.	the 2nd letter of the Greek alphabet
beta	n.	beets
beta	adj.	second in order of importance
beta	adj.	preliminary or testing stage of a software or hardware product
betel	n.	Asian pepper plant whose dried leaves are chewed with betel nut (seed of the betel palm) by southeast Asians
betelgeuse	n.	the second brightest star in Orion
beth	n.	the 2nd letter of the Hebrew alphabet
bethe	n.	United States physicist (born in Germany) noted for research in astrophysics and nuclear physics (1906-2005)
bethink	v.	cause oneself to consider something
bethink	v.	consider or ponder something carefully
bethlehem	n.	a town in eastern Pennsylvania on the Lehigh River to the northwest of Philadelphia; an important center for steel production
bethlehem	n.	a small town near Jerusalem on the West Bank of the Jordan River; early home of David and regarded as the place where Jesus was born
bethought	v.	cause oneself to consider something
bethought	v.	consider or ponder something carefully
bethune	n.	United States educator who worked to improve race relations and educational opportunities for Black Americans (1875-1955)
betide	v.	become of; happen to
betimes	adv.	in good time
betoken	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
betoken	v.	indicate by signs
betray	v.	reveal unintentionally
betray	v.	deliver to an enemy by treachery
betray	v.	disappoint, prove undependable to; abandon, forsake
betray	v.	be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage
betray	v.	give away information about somebody
betray	v.	cause someone to believe an untruth
betrayal	n.	an act of deliberate betrayal
betrayal	n.	the quality of aiding an enemy
betrayer	n.	one who reveals confidential information in return for money
betrayer	n.	a person who says one thing and does another
betroth	v.	give to in marriage
betrothal	n.	a mutual promise to marry
betrothal	n.	the act of becoming betrothed or engaged
betrothed	n.	the person to whom you are engaged
betrothed	v.	give to in marriage
betrothed	adj.	pledged to be married
betroths	v.	give to in marriage
better	n.	something superior in quality or condition or effect
better	n.	someone who bets
better	n.	a superior person having claim to precedence
better	n.	the superior one of two alternatives
better	v.	surpass in excellence
better	v.	to make better
better	v.	get better
better	adj.	(comparative of `good') superior to another (of the same class or set or kind) in excellence or quality or desirability or suitability; more highly skilled than another
better	adj.	(comparative of `good') changed for the better in health or fitness
better	adj.	(comparative and superlative of `well') wiser or more advantageous and hence advisable
better	adj.	more than half
better	adj.	having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified
better	adj.	having the normally expected amount
better	adj.	morally admirable
better	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
better	adj.	promoting or enhancing well-being
better	adj.	agreeable or pleasing
better	adj.	of moral excellence
better	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
better	adj.	thorough
better	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
better	adj.	financially sound
better	adj.	most suitable or right for a particular purpose
better	adj.	resulting favorably
better	adj.	exerting force or influence
better	adj.	capable of pleasing
better	adj.	appealing to the mind
better	adj.	in excellent physical condition
better	adj.	tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health
better	adj.	not forged
better	adj.	not left to spoil
better	adj.	generally admired
better	adj.	in good health especially after having suffered illness or injury
better	adj.	wise or advantageous and hence advisable
better	adv.	comparative of `well'; in a better or more excellent manner or more advantageously or attractively or to a greater degree etc.
better	adv.	from a position of superiority or authority
better	adv.	(often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well')
better	adv.	thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,
better	adv.	indicating high probability; in all likelihood
better	adv.	(used for emphasis or as an intensifier) entirely or fully
better	adv.	to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
better	adv.	favorably; with approval
better	adv.	to a great extent or degree
better	adv.	with great or especially intimate knowledge
better	adv.	with prudence or propriety
better	adv.	with skill or in a pleasing manner
better	adv.	in a manner affording benefit or advantage
better	adv.	in financial comfort
better	adv.	without unusual distress or resentment; with good humor
betterment	n.	a change for the better; progress in development
betterment	n.	an improvement that adds to the value of a property or facility
betterment	n.	the act of relieving ills and changing for the better
betting	v.	maintain with or as if with a bet
betting	v.	stake on the outcome of an issue
betting	v.	have faith or confidence in
betting	adj.	preoccupied with the pursuit of pleasure and especially games of chance
bettor	n.	someone who bets
between	adv.	in the interval
between	adv.	in between
betwixt	adv.	in the interval
bevel	n.	two surfaces meeting at an angle different from 90 degrees
bevel	n.	a hand tool consisting of two rules that are hinged together so you can draw or measure angles of any size
bevel	v.	cut a bevel on; shape to a bevel
beverage	n.	any liquid suitable for drinking
beveridge	n.	British economist (born in India) whose report on social insurance provided the basis for most of the social legislation on which the welfare state in the United Kingdom is based (1879-1963)
bevy	n.	a large gathering of people of a particular type
bevy	n.	a flock of birds (especially when gathered close together on the ground)
bewail	v.	regret strongly
beware	v.	be on one's guard; be cautious or wary about; be alert to
bewhiskered	v.	furnish with whiskers
bewhiskered	adj.	having hair on the cheeks and chin
bewilder	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
bewilder	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
bewildering	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
bewildering	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
bewilderment	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
bewitch	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
bewitch	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
bewitch	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
bewitching	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
bewitching	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
bewitching	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
bewitching	adj.	capturing interest as if by a spell
bewitchment	n.	a magical spell
bey	n.	(formerly) a title of respect for a man in Turkey or Egypt
bey	n.	the governor of a district or province in the Ottoman Empire
beyond	adv.	farther along in space or time or degree
beyond	adv.	on the farther side from the observer
beyond	adv.	in addition
bezel	n.	a sloping edge on a cutting tool
bharat	n.	a republic in the Asian subcontinent in southern Asia; second most populous country in the world; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947
bhutan	n.	a landlocked principality in the Himalayas to the northeast of India
bhutanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bhutan
bhutanese	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Bhutan or its people or culture or language
bi	n.	a heavy brittle diamagnetic trivalent metallic element (resembles arsenic and antimony chemically); usually recovered as a by-product from ores of other metals
biannual	adj.	occurring or payable twice each year
bias	n.	a partiality that prevents objective consideration of an issue or situation
bias	n.	a line or cut across a fabric that is not at right angles to a side of the fabric
bias	v.	influence in an unfair way
bias	v.	cause to be biased
bias	adj.	slanting diagonally across the grain of a fabric
biased	v.	influence in an unfair way
biased	v.	cause to be biased
biased	adj.	favoring one person or side over another
bib	n.	top part of an apron; covering the chest
bib	n.	a napkin tied under the chin of a child while eating
bib	v.	drink moderately but regularly
bible	n.	the sacred writings of the Christian religions
bible	n.	a book regarded as authoritative in its field
biblical	adj.	of or pertaining to or contained in or in accordance with the Bible
biblical	adj.	in keeping with the nature of the Bible or its times or people
bibliographer	n.	someone trained in compiling bibliographies
bibliographic	adj.	relating to or dealing with bibliography
bibliographical	adj.	relating to or dealing with bibliography
bibliography	n.	a list of writings with time and place of publication (such as the writings of a single author or the works referred to in preparing a document etc.)
bibliophile	n.	someone who loves (and usually collects) books
bibulous	adj.	given to or marked by the consumption of alcohol
bicameral	adj.	composed of two legislative bodies
bicameral	adj.	consisting of two chambers
bicarbonate	n.	a salt of carbonic acid (containing the anion HCO3) in which one hydrogen atom has been replaced; an acid carbonate
bicentenary	n.	the 200th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
bicentenary	adj.	of or relating to or completing a period of 200 years
bicentennial	n.	the 200th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
bicentennial	adj.	of or relating to or completing a period of 200 years
biceps	n.	any skeletal muscle having two origins (but especially the muscle that flexes the forearm)
bicker	n.	a quarrel about petty points
bicker	v.	argue over petty things
biconcave	adj.	concave on both sides
biconvex	adj.	convex on both sides; shaped like a lentil
bicuspid	n.	a tooth having two cusps or points; located between the incisors and the molars
bicuspid	adj.	having two cusps or points (especially a molar tooth)
bicycle	n.	a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals
bicycle	v.	ride a bicycle
bicycler	n.	a person who rides a bicycle
bicyclist	n.	a person who rides a bicycle
bid	n.	an authoritative direction or instruction to do something
bid	n.	an attempt to get something
bid	n.	a formal proposal to buy at a specified price
bid	n.	(bridge) the number of tricks a bridge player is willing to contract to make
bid	v.	propose a payment
bid	v.	invoke upon
bid	v.	ask for or request earnestly
bid	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
bid	v.	make a serious effort to attain something
bid	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
biddable	adj.	willing to carry out the orders or wishes of another without protest
bidden	v.	propose a payment
bidden	v.	invoke upon
bidden	v.	ask for or request earnestly
bidden	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
bidden	v.	make a serious effort to attain something
bidden	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
bidder	n.	someone who makes an offer
bidder	n.	someone who makes a bid at cards
bidding	n.	an authoritative direction or instruction to do something
bidding	n.	a request to be present
bidding	n.	(bridge) the number of tricks a bridge player is willing to contract to make
bidding	v.	propose a payment
bidding	v.	invoke upon
bidding	v.	ask for or request earnestly
bidding	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
bidding	v.	make a serious effort to attain something
bidding	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
biddy	n.	adult female chicken
biddy	n.	young bird especially of domestic fowl
bide	v.	dwell
bidet	n.	a basin for washing genitals and anal area
bidirectional	adj.	reactive or functioning or allowing movement in two usually opposite directions
biennial	n.	(botany) a plant having a life cycle that normally takes two seasons from germination to death to complete; flowering biennials usually bloom and fruit in the second season
biennial	adj.	having a life cycle lasting two seasons
biennial	adj.	occurring every second year
bier	n.	a coffin along with its stand
bier	n.	a stand to support a corpse or a coffin prior to burial
bierce	n.	United States writer of caustic wit (1842-1914)
biff	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
biff	v.	strike, usually with the fist
bifocal	adj.	having two foci
bifocals	n.	eyeglasses having two focal lengths, one for near vision and the other for far vision
bifurcate	v.	split or divide into two
bifurcate	v.	divide into two branches
bifurcate	adj.	resembling a fork; divided or separated into two branches
bifurcation	n.	a bifurcating branch (one or both of them)
bifurcation	n.	the place where something divides into two branches
bifurcation	n.	the act of splitting into two branches
big	adj.	above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent
big	adj.	significant
big	adj.	very intense
big	adj.	loud and firm
big	adj.	conspicuous in position or importance
big	adj.	prodigious
big	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
big	adj.	feeling self-importance
big	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
big	adj.	marked by intense physical force
big	adj.	generous and understanding and tolerant
big	adj.	given or giving freely
big	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
big	adv.	extremely well
big	adv.	in a boastful manner
big	adv.	on a grand scale
big	adv.	in a major way
bigamist	n.	someone who marries one person while already legally married to another
bigamous	adj.	of illegal marriage to a second person while legally married to a first
bigamy	n.	having two spouses at the same time
bigamy	n.	the offense of marrying someone while you have a living spouse from whom no valid divorce has occurred
bigfoot	n.	large hairy humanoid creature said to live in wilderness areas of the United States and Canada
bigger	adj.	large or big relative to something else
bigger	adj.	above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent
bigger	adj.	significant
bigger	adj.	very intense
bigger	adj.	loud and firm
bigger	adj.	conspicuous in position or importance
bigger	adj.	prodigious
bigger	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
bigger	adj.	feeling self-importance
bigger	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
bigger	adj.	marked by intense physical force
bigger	adj.	generous and understanding and tolerant
bigger	adj.	given or giving freely
bigger	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
biggest	adj.	above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent
biggest	adj.	significant
biggest	adj.	very intense
biggest	adj.	loud and firm
biggest	adj.	conspicuous in position or importance
biggest	adj.	prodigious
biggest	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
biggest	adj.	feeling self-importance
biggest	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
biggest	adj.	marked by intense physical force
biggest	adj.	generous and understanding and tolerant
biggest	adj.	given or giving freely
biggest	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
biggish	adj.	somewhat large
bighead	n.	any of various diseases of animals characterized by edema of the head and neck
bighearted	adj.	given or giving freely
bigheartedness	n.	the quality of being kind and generous
bighorn	n.	a river that flows from central Wyoming to the Yellowstone River in southern Montana
bighorn	n.	wild sheep of mountainous regions of western North America having massive curled horns
bight	n.	a loop in a rope
bight	n.	a bend or curve (especially in a coastline)
bight	n.	a broad bay formed by an indentation in the shoreline
bight	n.	the middle part of a slack rope (as distinguished from its ends)
bight	v.	fasten with a bight
bigness	n.	the property of having a relatively great size
bigot	n.	a prejudiced person who is intolerant of any opinions differing from his own
bigotry	n.	the intolerance and prejudice of a bigot
bigwig	n.	the most important person in a group or undertaking
bijou	n.	a small and delicately worked piece
bijoux	n.	a small and delicately worked piece
bike	n.	a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame
bike	n.	a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals
bike	v.	ride a bicycle
bikini	n.	an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a site for testing nuclear weapons
bikini	n.	a woman's very brief bathing suit
bilabial	n.	a consonant that is articulated using both lips; /p/ or /b/ or /w/
bilabial	adj.	of or relating to or being a speech sound that is articulated using both lips
bilateral	adj.	having identical parts on each side of an axis
bilateral	adj.	affecting or undertaken by two parties
bilateral	adj.	having two sides or parts
bilberry	n.	erect European blueberry having solitary flowers and blue-black berries
bilberry	n.	erect blueberry of western United States having solitary flowers and somewhat sour berries
bilberry	n.	blue-black berries similar to American blueberries
bile	n.	a digestive juice secreted by the liver and stored in the gallbladder; aids in the digestion of fats
bilge	n.	water accumulated in the bilge of a ship
bilge	n.	where the sides of the vessel curve in to form the bottom
bilge	v.	cause to leak
bilge	v.	take in water at the bilge
bilingual	n.	a person who speaks two languages fluently
bilingual	adj.	using or knowing two languages
bilingualism	n.	the ability to speak two languages colloquially
bilious	adj.	relating to or containing bile
bilious	adj.	suffering from or suggesting a liver disorder or gastric distress
bilious	adj.	irritable as if suffering from indigestion
biliousness	n.	gastric distress caused by a disorder of the liver or gall bladder
biliousness	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
bilirubin	n.	an orange-yellow pigment in the bile that forms as a product of hemoglobin; excess amounts in the blood produce the yellow appearance observed in jaundice
bilk	v.	cheat somebody out of what is due, especially money
bilk	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
bilk	v.	evade payment to
bilk	v.	escape, either physically or mentally
bill	n.	a statute in draft before it becomes law
bill	n.	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered
bill	n.	a piece of paper money (especially one issued by a central bank)
bill	n.	the entertainment offered at a public presentation
bill	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
bill	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
bill	n.	a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare)
bill	n.	a long-handled saw with a curved blade
bill	n.	a brim that projects to the front to shade the eyes
bill	n.	horny projecting mouth of a bird
bill	v.	demand payment
bill	v.	advertise especially by posters or placards
bill	v.	publicize or announce by placards
billboard	n.	large outdoor signboard
billet	n.	a short personal letter
billet	n.	lodging for military personnel (especially in a private home)
billet	n.	a job in an organization
billet	v.	provide housing for (military personnel)
billfold	n.	a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money
billhook	n.	a long-handled saw with a curved blade
billiard	adj.	of or relating to billiards
billiards	n.	any of several games played on rectangular cloth-covered table (with cushioned edges) in which long tapering cue sticks are used to propel ivory (or composition) balls
billing	n.	request for payment of a debt
billing	v.	demand payment
billing	v.	advertise especially by posters or placards
billing	v.	publicize or announce by placards
billings	n.	the largest city in Montana; located in southern Montana on the Yellowstone river
billings	n.	request for payment of a debt
billingsgate	n.	foul-mouthed or obscene abuse
billion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros; in the United Kingdom the usage followed in the United States is frequently seen
billion	n.	a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)
billion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 9 zeros
billion	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of one thousand million items or units in the United States
billion	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of one million million items or units in Great Britain
billionaire	n.	a very rich person whose material wealth is valued at more than a billion dollars
billionth	n.	position 1,000,000,000 in a countable series of things
billionth	n.	one part in a billion equal parts
billionth	adj.	the ordinal number of one billion in counting order
billionths	n.	position 1,000,000,000 in a countable series of things
billionths	n.	one part in a billion equal parts
billow	n.	a large sea wave
billow	v.	rise up as if in waves
billow	v.	move with great difficulty
billow	v.	rise and move, as in waves or billows
billow	v.	become inflated
billowy	adj.	characterized by great swelling waves or surges
billy	n.	a short stout club used primarily by policemen
billy	n.	male goat
bimbo	n.	a young woman indulged by rich and powerful older men
bimetallic	adj.	pertaining to a monetary system based on two metals
bimetallic	adj.	formed of two different metals or alloys; especially in sheets bonded together
bimetallism	n.	a monetary standard under which the basic unit of currency is defined by stated amounts of two metals (usually gold and silver) with values set at a predetermined ratio
bimodal	adj.	of a distribution; having or occurring with two modes
bimonthly	n.	a periodical that is published twice a month or every two months (either 24 or 6 issues per year)
bimonthly	adj.	occurring twice a month
bimonthly	adj.	occurring every two months
bimonthly	adv.	twice a month
bimonthly	adv.	every two months
bin	n.	a container; usually has a lid
bin	n.	the quantity contained in a bin
bin	n.	an identification number consisting of a two-part code assigned to banks and savings associations; the first part shows the location and the second identifies the bank itself
bin	v.	store in bins
binary	n.	a system of two stars that revolve around each other under their mutual gravitation
binary	n.	a pre-compiled, pre-linked program that is ready to run under a given operating system; a binary for one operating system will not run on a different operating system
binary	adj.	of or pertaining to a number system have 2 as its base
binary	adj.	consisting of two (units or components or elements or terms)
binaural	adj.	relating to or having or hearing with two ears
bind	n.	something that hinders as if with bonds
bind	v.	stick to firmly
bind	v.	create social or emotional ties
bind	v.	make fast; tie or secure, with or as if with a rope
bind	v.	wrap around with something so as to cover or enclose
bind	v.	secure with or as if with ropes
bind	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
bind	v.	provide with a binding
bind	v.	fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord
bind	v.	form a chemical bond with
bind	v.	cause to be constipated
binder	n.	a machine that cuts grain and binds it in sheaves
binder	n.	something used to bind separate particles together or facilitate adhesion to a surface
binder	n.	holds loose papers or magazines
binder	n.	something used to tie or bind
bindery	n.	a workshop where books are bound
binding	n.	the capacity to attract and hold something
binding	n.	strip sewn over or along an edge for reinforcement or decoration
binding	n.	the act of applying a bandage
binding	n.	one of a pair of mechanical devices that are attached to a ski and that will grip a ski boot; the bindings should release in case of a fall
binding	n.	the protective covering on the front, back, and spine of a book
binding	v.	stick to firmly
binding	v.	create social or emotional ties
binding	v.	make fast; tie or secure, with or as if with a rope
binding	v.	wrap around with something so as to cover or enclose
binding	v.	secure with or as if with ropes
binding	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
binding	v.	provide with a binding
binding	v.	fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord
binding	v.	form a chemical bond with
binding	v.	cause to be constipated
binding	adj.	executed with proper legal authority
bindweed	n.	any of several vines of the genera Convolvulus and Calystegia having a twining habit
binge	n.	any act of immoderate indulgence
binge	n.	an occasion for excessive eating or drinking
binge	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
binghamton	n.	a city in south central New York near the border with Pennsylvania
bingo	n.	a game in which numbered balls are drawn at random and players cover the corresponding numbers on their cards
binnacle	n.	a nonmagnetic housing for a ship's compass (usually in front of the helm)
binned	v.	store in bins
binning	v.	store in bins
binocular	adj.	relating to both eyes
binomial	n.	(mathematics) a quantity expressed as a sum or difference of two terms; a polynomial with two terms
binomial	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of two terms
binomial	adj.	having or characterized by two names, especially those of genus and species in taxonomies
biochemical	adj.	of or relating to biochemistry; involving chemical processes in living organisms
biochemist	n.	someone with special training in biochemistry
biochemistry	n.	the organic chemistry of compounds and processes occurring in organisms; the effort to understand biology within the context of chemistry
biodegrade	v.	break down naturally through the action of biological agents
biodiversity	n.	the diversity of plant and animal life in a particular habitat (or in the world as a whole)
bioethics	n.	the branch of ethics that studies moral values in the biomedical sciences
biofeedback	n.	a training program in which a person is given information about physiological processes (heart rate or blood pressure) that is not normally available with the goal of gaining conscious control of them
biographer	n.	someone who writes an account of a person's life
biographic	adj.	of or relating to or being biography
biographical	adj.	of or relating to or being biography
biography	n.	an account of the series of events making up a person's life
bioko	n.	an island in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Equatorial Guinea
biologic	adj.	pertaining to biology or to life and living things
biological	adj.	pertaining to biology or to life and living things
biological	adj.	of parents and children; related by blood
biologist	n.	(biology) a scientist who studies living organisms
biology	n.	the science that studies living organisms
biology	n.	characteristic life processes and phenomena of living organisms
biology	n.	all the plant and animal life of a particular region
biomass	n.	plant materials and animal waste used as fuel
biomass	n.	the total mass of living matter in a given unit area
biomedical	adj.	relating to the activities and applications of science to clinical medicine
bionic	adj.	of or relating to bionics
bionic	adj.	having particular physiological functions augmented or replaced by electronic or electromechanical components
bionics	n.	application of biological principles to the study and design of engineering systems (especially electronic systems)
biophysicist	n.	a physicist who applies the methods of physics to biology
biophysics	n.	physics as applied to biological problems
biopsy	n.	examination of tissues or liquids from the living body to determine the existence or cause of a disease
biosphere	n.	the regions of the surface and atmosphere of the Earth (or other planet) where living organisms exist
biosynthesis	n.	production of a chemical compound by a living organism
biotech	n.	the branch of molecular biology that studies the use of microorganisms to perform specific industrial processes
biotechnology	n.	the branch of molecular biology that studies the use of microorganisms to perform specific industrial processes
biotechnology	n.	the branch of engineering science in which biological science is used to study the relation between workers and their environments
biotin	n.	a B vitamin that aids in body growth
bipartisan	adj.	supported by both sides
bipartite	adj.	divided into two portions almost to the base
bipartite	adj.	involving two parts or elements
biped	n.	an animal with two feet
biped	adj.	having two feet
bipedal	adj.	having two feet
biplane	n.	old fashioned airplane; has two wings one above the other
bipolar	adj.	of or relating to manic depressive illness
bipolar	adj.	of, pertaining to, or occurring in both polar regions
bipolar	adj.	having two poles
biracial	adj.	consisting of or combining two races
birch	n.	hard close-grained wood of any of various birch trees; used especially in furniture and interior finishes and plywood
birch	n.	any betulaceous tree or shrub of the genus Betula having a thin peeling bark
birch	n.	a switch consisting of a twig or a bundle of twigs from a birch tree; used to hit people as punishment
birch	v.	whip with a birch twig
birch	adj.	consisting of or made of wood of the birch tree
bird	n.	warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs modified as wings
bird	n.	the flesh of a bird or fowl (wild or domestic) used as food
bird	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
bird	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
bird	n.	badminton equipment consisting of a ball of cork or rubber with a crown of feathers
bird	v.	watch and study birds in their natural habitat
birdbath	n.	an ornamental basin (usually in a garden) for birds to bathe in
birdbaths	n.	an ornamental basin (usually in a garden) for birds to bathe in
birdbrain	n.	a person with confused ideas; incapable of serious thought
birdcage	n.	a cage in which a bird can be kept
birder	n.	a person who identifies and studies birds in their natural habitats
birdhouse	n.	a shelter for birds
birdie	n.	(golf) a score of one stroke under par on a hole
birdie	n.	badminton equipment consisting of a ball of cork or rubber with a crown of feathers
birdie	v.	shoot in one stroke under par
birdieing	v.	shoot in one stroke under par
birdlime	n.	a sticky adhesive that is smeared on small branches to capture small birds
birdlime	v.	spread birdlime on branches to catch birds
birdseed	n.	food given to birds; usually mixed seeds
birdsong	n.	the characteristic sound produced by a bird
biretta	n.	a stiff cap with ridges across the crown; worn by Roman Catholic clergy
birmingham	n.	the largest city in Alabama; located in northeastern Alabama
birmingham	n.	a city in central England; 2nd largest English city and an important industrial and transportation center
biro	n.	a pen that has a small metal ball as the point of transfer of ink to paper
birth	n.	the time when something begins (especially life)
birth	n.	the event of being born
birth	n.	the process of giving birth
birth	n.	the kinship relation of an offspring to the parents
birth	n.	a baby born; an offspring
birth	v.	cause to be born
birthday	n.	an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of it)
birthday	n.	the date on which a person was born
birthmark	n.	a blemish on the skin that is formed before birth
birthplace	n.	the place where someone was born
birthplace	n.	where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence
birthrate	n.	the ratio of live births in an area to the population of that area; expressed per 1000 population per year
birthright	n.	a right or privilege that you are entitled to at birth
birthright	n.	an inheritance coming by right of birth (especially by primogeniture)
birthright	n.	personal characteristics that are inherited at birth
births	n.	the time when something begins (especially life)
births	n.	the event of being born
births	n.	the process of giving birth
births	n.	the kinship relation of an offspring to the parents
births	n.	a baby born; an offspring
births	v.	cause to be born
biscuit	n.	small round bread leavened with baking-powder or soda
biscuit	n.	any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term)
bisect	v.	cut in half or cut in two
bisection	n.	dividing into two equal parts
bisexual	n.	a person who is sexually attracted to both sexes
bisexual	adj.	sexually attracted to both sexes
bisexual	adj.	having an ambiguous sexual identity
bisexuality	n.	showing characteristics of both sexes
bisexuality	n.	sexual activity with both men and women
bishkek	n.	the capital of Kyrgyzstan (known as Frunze 1926-1991)
bishop	n.	a senior member of the Christian clergy having spiritual and administrative authority; appointed in Christian churches to oversee priests or ministers; considered in some churches to be successors of the twelve Apostles of Christ
bishop	n.	port wine mulled with oranges and cloves
bishop	n.	(chess) a piece that can be moved diagonally over unoccupied squares of the same color
bishopric	n.	the territorial jurisdiction of a bishop
bismarck	n.	German statesman under whose leadership Germany was united (1815-1898)
bismarck	n.	capital of the state of North Dakota; located in south central North Dakota overlooking the Missouri river
bismark	n.	a raised doughnut filled with jelly or jam
bismuth	n.	a heavy brittle diamagnetic trivalent metallic element (resembles arsenic and antimony chemically); usually recovered as a by-product from ores of other metals
bison	n.	any of several large humped bovids having shaggy manes and large heads and short horns
bisque	n.	a thick cream soup made from shellfish
bissau	n.	the capital of Guinea-Bissau
bistro	n.	a small informal restaurant; serves wine
bit	n.	a small piece or quantity of something
bit	n.	a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
bit	n.	an indefinitely short time
bit	n.	an instance of some kind
bit	n.	piece of metal held in horse's mouth by reins and used to control the horse while riding
bit	n.	a unit of measurement of information (from binary + digit); the amount of information in a system having two equiprobable states
bit	n.	a small amount of solid food; a mouthful
bit	n.	a small fragment
bit	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
bit	n.	the part of a key that enters a lock and lifts the tumblers
bit	n.	the cutting part of a drill; usually pointed and threaded and is replaceable in a brace or bitstock or drill press
bit	v.	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws
bit	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
bit	v.	penetrate or cut, as with a knife
bit	v.	deliver a sting to
bitch	n.	an unpleasant difficulty
bitch	n.	a person (usually but not necessarily a woman) who is thoroughly disliked
bitch	n.	informal terms for objecting
bitch	n.	female of any member of the dog family
bitch	v.	complain
bitch	v.	say mean things
bitchiness	n.	malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty
bitchy	adj.	marked by or arising from malice
bite	n.	a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person
bite	n.	a small amount of solid food; a mouthful
bite	n.	a painful wound caused by the thrust of an insect's stinger into skin
bite	n.	a light informal meal
bite	n.	(angling) an instance of a fish taking the bait
bite	n.	wit having a sharp and caustic quality
bite	n.	a strong odor or taste property
bite	n.	the act of gripping or chewing off with the teeth and jaws
bite	n.	a portion removed from the whole
bite	v.	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws
bite	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
bite	v.	penetrate or cut, as with a knife
bite	v.	deliver a sting to
biter	n.	someone who bites
biting	v.	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws
biting	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
biting	v.	penetrate or cut, as with a knife
biting	v.	deliver a sting to
biting	adj.	capable of wounding
biting	adj.	causing a sharply painful or stinging sensation; used especially of cold
bitmap	n.	an image represented as a two dimensional array of brightness values for pixels
bitten	v.	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws
bitten	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
bitten	v.	penetrate or cut, as with a knife
bitten	v.	deliver a sting to
bitter	n.	English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually on draft)
bitter	n.	the taste experience when quinine or coffee is taken into the mouth
bitter	n.	the property of having a harsh unpleasant taste
bitter	v.	make bitter
bitter	adj.	marked by strong resentment or cynicism
bitter	adj.	very difficult to accept or bear
bitter	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
bitter	adj.	expressive of severe grief or regret
bitter	adj.	proceeding from or exhibiting great hostility or animosity
bitter	adj.	causing a sharp and acrid taste experience
bitter	adj.	causing a sharply painful or stinging sensation; used especially of cold
bitter	adv.	extremely and sharply
bittern	n.	relatively small compact tawny-brown heron with nocturnal habits and a booming cry; found in marshes
bitterness	n.	a feeling of deep and bitter anger and ill-will
bitterness	n.	a rough and bitter manner
bitterness	n.	the taste experience when quinine or coffee is taken into the mouth
bitterness	n.	the property of having a harsh unpleasant taste
bitters	n.	alcoholic liquor flavored with bitter herbs and roots
bitters	n.	English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually on draft)
bitters	n.	the taste experience when quinine or coffee is taken into the mouth
bitters	n.	the property of having a harsh unpleasant taste
bitters	v.	make bitter
bittersweet	n.	poisonous perennial Old World vine having violet flowers and oval coral-red berries; widespread weed in North America
bittersweet	n.	twining shrub of North America having yellow capsules enclosing scarlet seeds
bittersweet	adj.	tinged with sadness
bittersweet	adj.	having a taste that is a mixture of bitterness and sweetness
bitty	adj.	(used informally) very small
bitumen	n.	any of various naturally occurring impure mixtures of hydrocarbons
bituminous	adj.	resembling or containing bitumen
bivalent	adj.	having a valence of two or having two valences
bivalent	adj.	used of homologous chromosomes associated in pairs in synapsis
bivalve	n.	marine or freshwater mollusks having a soft body with platelike gills enclosed within two shells hinged together
bivalve	adj.	used of mollusks having two shells (as clams etc.)
bivouac	n.	temporary living quarters specially built by the army for soldiers
bivouac	n.	a site where people on holiday can pitch a tent
bivouac	v.	live in or as if in a tent
bivouacked	v.	live in or as if in a tent
bivouacking	n.	the act of encamping and living in tents in a camp
bivouacking	v.	live in or as if in a tent
biweekly	n.	a periodical that is published twice a week or every two weeks (either 104 or 26 issues per year)
biweekly	adj.	occurring every two weeks
biweekly	adj.	occurring twice a week
biweekly	adv.	twice a week
biweekly	adv.	every two weeks
biyearly	adj.	occurring every second year
biyearly	adj.	occurring or payable twice each year
biyearly	adv.	every two years
biyearly	adv.	twice a year
biz	n.	your occupation or line of work
bizarre	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
bizet	n.	French composer best known for his operas (1838-1875)
bk	n.	a radioactive transuranic element; discovered by bombarding americium with helium
blab	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
blab	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
blabbed	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
blabbed	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
blabber	n.	one who reveals confidential information in return for money
blabber	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
blabbermouth	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
blabbermouths	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
blabbing	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
blabbing	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
black	n.	the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white)
black	n.	total absence of light
black	n.	British chemist who identified carbon dioxide and who formulated the concepts of specific heat and latent heat (1728-1799)
black	n.	popular child actress of the 1930's (born in 1928)
black	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
black	n.	(board games) the darker pieces
black	n.	black clothing (worn as a sign of mourning)
black	v.	make or become black
black	adj.	being of the achromatic color of maximum darkness; having little or no hue owing to absorption of almost all incident light
black	adj.	of or belonging to a racial group having dark skin especially of sub-Saharan African origin; - Martin Luther King Jr.
black	adj.	marked by anger or resentment or hostility
black	adj.	offering little or no hope; ; ; - J.M.Synge
black	adj.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; ; ; ; ; ; ; -Thomas Hardy
black	adj.	(of events) having extremely unfortunate or dire consequences; bringing ruin; ; ; ; - Charles Darwin; - Douglas MacArthur
black	adj.	(of the face) made black especially as with suffused blood
black	adj.	extremely dark
black	adj.	harshly ironic or sinister
black	adj.	(of intelligence operations) deliberately misleading
black	adj.	distributed or sold illicitly
black	adj.	(used of conduct or character) deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; - Rachel Carson
black	adj.	(of coffee) without cream or sugar
black	adj.	soiled with dirt or soot
blackamoor	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
blackball	n.	the act of excluding someone by a negative vote or veto
blackball	v.	expel from a community or group
blackball	v.	vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent
blackbeard	n.	an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of North America (died in 1718)
blackberry	n.	large sweet black or very dark purple edible aggregate fruit of any of various bushes of the genus Rubus
blackberry	n.	bramble with sweet edible black or dark purple berries that usually do not separate from the receptacle
blackberry	v.	pick or gather blackberries
blackbird	n.	any bird of the family Icteridae whose male is black or predominantly black
blackbird	n.	common black European thrush
blackboard	n.	sheet of slate; for writing with chalk
blackburn	n.	black-and-white North American wood warbler having an orange-and-black head and throat
blacken	v.	make or become black
blacken	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
blackface	n.	the makeup (usually burnt cork) used by a performer in order to imitate a Negro
blackfeet	n.	a member of a warlike group of Algonquians living in the northwestern plains
blackfeet	n.	any of the Algonquian languages spoken by the Blackfoot
blackfoot	n.	a member of a warlike group of Algonquians living in the northwestern plains
blackfoot	n.	any of the Algonquian languages spoken by the Blackfoot
blackguard	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
blackguard	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
blackguard	v.	use foul or abusive language towards
blackhead	n.	a black-tipped plug clogging a pore of the skin
blacking	n.	a substance used to produce a shiny protective surface on footwear
blacking	v.	make or become black
blackish	adj.	of something that is somewhat black
blackjack	n.	a common scrubby deciduous tree of central and southeastern United States having dark bark and broad three-lobed (club-shaped) leaves; tends to form dense thickets
blackjack	n.	a piece of metal covered by leather with a flexible handle; used for hitting people
blackjack	n.	a flag usually bearing a white skull and crossbones on a black background; indicates a pirate ship
blackjack	n.	a gambling game using cards; the object is to hold cards having a higher count than those dealt to the banker up to but not exceeding 21
blackjack	v.	exert pressure on someone through threats
blackleg	n.	someone who works (or provides workers) during a strike
blackleg	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
blacklist	n.	a list of people who are out of favor
blacklist	v.	put on a blacklist so as to banish or cause to be boycotted
blackmail	n.	extortion of money by threats to divulge discrediting information
blackmail	v.	exert pressure on someone through threats
blackmail	v.	obtain through threats
blackmailer	n.	a criminal who extorts money from someone by threatening to expose embarrassing information about them
blackness	n.	the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white)
blackness	n.	total absence of light
blackout	n.	a suspension of radio or tv broadcasting
blackout	n.	darkness resulting from the extinction of lights (as in a city invisible to enemy aircraft)
blackout	n.	the failure of electric power for a general region
blackout	n.	a momentary loss of consciousness
blackout	n.	partial or total loss of memory
blackpool	n.	a resort town in Lancashire in northwestern England on the Irish Sea; famous for its tower
blacksburg	n.	a university town in southwestern Virginia (west of Roanoke) in the Allegheny Mountains
blackshirt	n.	a member of the Italian fascist party before World War II
blacksmith	n.	a smith who forges and shapes iron with a hammer and anvil
blacksmiths	n.	a smith who forges and shapes iron with a hammer and anvil
blacksnake	n.	large harmless shiny black North American snake
blacksnake	n.	blackish racer of the eastern United States that grows to six feet
blackthorn	n.	a thorny Eurasian bush with plumlike fruits
blackthorn	n.	erect and almost thornless American hawthorn with somewhat pear-shaped berries
blacktop	n.	a black bituminous material used for paving roads or other areas; usually spread over crushed rock
blacktop	v.	coat with blacktop
blacktopping	n.	a black bituminous material used for paving roads or other areas; usually spread over crushed rock
bladder	n.	a distensible membranous sac (usually containing liquid or gas)
bladder	n.	a bag that fills with air
blade	n.	especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from the petiole
blade	n.	a dashing young man
blade	n.	something long and thin resembling a blade of grass
blade	n.	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard
blade	n.	a cut of beef from the shoulder blade
blade	n.	a broad flat body part (as of the shoulder or tongue)
blade	n.	the part of the skate that slides on the ice
blade	n.	flat surface that rotates and pushes against air or water
blade	n.	the flat part of a tool or weapon that (usually) has a cutting edge
blah	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
blahs	n.	a general feeling of boredom and dissatisfaction
blahs	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
blair	n.	British statesman who became prime minister in 1997 (born in 1953)
blake	n.	visionary British poet and painter (1757-1827)
blame	n.	an accusation that you are responsible for some lapse or misdeed
blame	n.	a reproach for some lapse or misdeed
blame	v.	put or pin the blame on
blame	v.	harass with constant criticism
blame	v.	attribute responsibility to
blame	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
blameless	adj.	free of guilt; not subject to blame
blamelessness	n.	a state of innocence
blameworthiness	n.	a state of guilt
blameworthy	adj.	deserving blame or censure as being wrong or evil or injurious
blanch	v.	turn pale, as if in fear
blanch	v.	cook (vegetables) briefly
blancmange	n.	sweet almond-flavored milk pudding thickened with gelatin or cornstarch; usually molded
bland	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
bland	adj.	lacking stimulating characteristics; uninteresting
bland	adj.	smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication
blandish	v.	praise somewhat dishonestly
blandishment	n.	flattery intended to persuade
blandishment	n.	the act of urging by means of teasing or flattery
blandness	n.	the trait of exhibiting no personal embarrassment or concern
blandness	n.	lacking any distinctive or interesting taste property
blandness	n.	the quality of being bland and gracious or ingratiating in manner
blank	n.	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing
blank	n.	a blank gap or missing part
blank	n.	a piece of material ready to be made into something
blank	n.	a cartridge containing an explosive charge but no bullet
blank	v.	keep the opposing (baseball) team from winning
blank	adj.	(of a surface) not written or printed on
blank	adj.	void of expression
blank	adj.	not charged with a bullet
blanket	n.	bedding that keeps a person warm in bed
blanket	n.	anything that covers
blanket	n.	a layer of lead surrounding the highly reactive core of a nuclear reactor
blanket	v.	cover as if with a blanket
blanket	v.	form a blanket-like cover (over)
blanket	adj.	broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner
blankness	n.	the state of being blank; void; emptiness
blantyre	n.	city in southern Malawi; largest city and commercial center of Malawi
blare	n.	a loud harsh or strident noise
blare	v.	make a strident sound
blare	v.	make a loud noise
blarney	n.	flattery designed to gain favor
blarney	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
blase	adj.	very sophisticated especially because of surfeit; versed in the ways of the world
blase	adj.	uninterested because of frequent exposure or indulgence
blase	adj.	nonchalantly unconcerned
blaspheme	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
blaspheme	v.	speak of in an irreverent or impious manner
blasphemer	n.	a person who speaks disrespectfully of sacred things
blasphemous	adj.	grossly irreverent toward what is held to be sacred
blasphemous	adj.	characterized by profanity or cursing
blasphemy	n.	blasphemous language (expressing disrespect for God or for something sacred)
blasphemy	n.	blasphemous behavior; the act of depriving something of its sacred character
blast	n.	a very long fly ball
blast	n.	a sudden very loud noise
blast	n.	a strong current of air
blast	n.	an explosion (as of dynamite)
blast	n.	a highly pleasurable or exciting experience
blast	n.	intense adverse criticism
blast	v.	make a strident sound
blast	v.	hit hard
blast	v.	use explosives on
blast	v.	apply a draft or strong wind to to
blast	v.	create by using explosives
blast	v.	make with or as if with an explosion
blast	v.	fire a shot
blast	v.	criticize harshly or violently
blast	v.	shatter as if by explosion
blast	v.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly
blaster	n.	a workman employed to blast with explosives
blastoff	n.	the launching of a missile or spacecraft to a specified destination
blat	v.	cry plaintively
blatancy	n.	the property of being both obvious and offensive
blatant	adj.	without any attempt at concealment; completely obvious
blatant	adj.	conspicuously and offensively loud; given to vehement outcry
blather	n.	foolish gibberish
blather	v.	to talk foolishly
blaze	n.	a strong flame that burns brightly
blaze	n.	a cause of difficulty and suffering
blaze	n.	noisy and unrestrained mischief
blaze	n.	a light within the field of vision that is brighter than the brightness to which the eyes are adapted
blaze	n.	a light-colored marking
blaze	v.	shine brightly and intensively
blaze	v.	shoot rapidly and repeatedly
blaze	v.	burn brightly and intensely
blaze	v.	move rapidly and as if blazing
blaze	v.	indicate by marking trees with blazes
blazer	n.	lightweight single-breasted jacket; often striped in the colors of a club or school
blazon	n.	the official symbols of a family, state, etc.
blazon	v.	decorate with heraldic arms
bleach	n.	the whiteness that results from removing the color from something
bleach	n.	an agent that makes things white or colorless
bleach	n.	the act of whitening something by bleaching it (exposing it to sunlight or using a chemical bleaching agent)
bleach	v.	remove color from
bleach	v.	make whiter or lighter
bleached	v.	remove color from
bleached	v.	make whiter or lighter
bleached	adj.	having lost freshness or brilliance of color
bleached	adj.	(used of color) artificially produced; not natural
bleacher	n.	a worker who bleaches (cloth or flour etc.)
bleak	adj.	offering little or no hope; ; ; - J.M.Synge
bleak	adj.	providing no shelter or sustenance
bleak	adj.	unpleasantly cold and damp
bleakness	n.	a bleak and desolate atmosphere
blear	v.	make dim or indistinct
blear	adj.	tired to the point of exhaustion
bleary	adj.	tired to the point of exhaustion
bleary	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
bleat	n.	the sound of sheep or goats (or any sound resembling this)
bleat	v.	talk whiningly
bleat	v.	cry plaintively
bleed	v.	lose blood from one's body
bleed	v.	draw blood
bleed	v.	get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone
bleed	v.	be diffused
bleed	v.	drain of liquid or steam
bleeder	n.	someone who has hemophilia and is subject to uncontrollable bleeding
bleeding	n.	the flow of blood from a ruptured blood vessel
bleeding	v.	lose blood from one's body
bleeding	v.	draw blood
bleeding	v.	get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone
bleeding	v.	be diffused
bleeding	v.	drain of liquid or steam
bleep	n.	a short high tone produced as a signal or warning
bleep	v.	emit a single short high-pitched signal
blemish	n.	a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body)
blemish	v.	mar or spoil the appearance of
blemish	v.	mar or impair with a flaw
blemish	v.	add a flaw or blemish to; make imperfect or defective
blemished	v.	mar or spoil the appearance of
blemished	v.	mar or impair with a flaw
blemished	v.	add a flaw or blemish to; make imperfect or defective
blemished	adj.	marred by imperfections
blemished	adj.	having a blemish or flaw
blench	v.	turn pale, as if in fear
blend	n.	an occurrence of thorough mixing
blend	n.	a new word formed by joining two others and combining their meanings
blend	n.	the act of blending components together thoroughly
blend	v.	combine into one
blend	v.	blend or harmonize
blend	v.	mix together different elements
blender	n.	an electrically powered mixer with whirling blades that mix or chop or liquefy foods
blenheim	n.	the First Duke of Marlborough and Prince Eugene of Savoy defeated the French in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession
bless	v.	give a benediction to
bless	v.	confer prosperity or happiness on
bless	v.	make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate
bless	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
blessed	v.	give a benediction to
blessed	v.	confer prosperity or happiness on
blessed	v.	make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate
blessed	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
blessed	adj.	highly favored or fortunate (as e.g. by divine grace)
blessed	adj.	worthy of worship
blessed	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
blessed	adj.	Roman Catholic; proclaimed one of the blessed and thus worthy of veneration
blessed	adj.	enjoying the bliss of heaven
blessed	adj.	characterized by happiness and good fortune
blessedness	n.	a state of supreme happiness
blessing	n.	the formal act of approving
blessing	n.	a desirable state
blessing	n.	a short prayer of thanks before a meal
blessing	n.	a ceremonial prayer invoking divine protection
blessing	n.	the act of praying for divine protection
blessing	v.	give a benediction to
blessing	v.	confer prosperity or happiness on
blessing	v.	make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate
blessing	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
blew	v.	exhale hard
blew	v.	be blowing or storming
blew	v.	free of obstruction by blowing air through
blew	v.	be in motion due to some air or water current
blew	v.	make a sound as if blown
blew	v.	shape by blowing
blew	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
blew	v.	spend thoughtlessly; throw away
blew	v.	spend lavishly or wastefully on
blew	v.	sound by having air expelled through a tube
blew	v.	play or sound a wind instrument
blew	v.	provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation
blew	v.	cause air to go in, on, or through
blew	v.	cause to move by means of an air current
blew	v.	spout moist air from the blowhole
blew	v.	leave; informal or rude
blew	v.	lay eggs
blew	v.	cause to be revealed and jeopardized
blew	v.	show off
blew	v.	allow to regain its breath
blew	v.	melt, break, or become otherwise unusable
blew	v.	burst suddenly
bligh	n.	British admiral; was captain of the H.M.S. Bounty in 1789 when part of the crew mutinied and set him afloat in an open boat; a few weeks later he arrived safely in Timor 4,000 miles away (1754-1817)
blight	n.	a state or condition being blighted
blight	n.	any plant disease resulting in withering without rotting
blight	v.	cause to suffer a blight
blimp	n.	any elderly pompous reactionary ultranationalistic person (after the cartoon character created by Sir David Low)
blimp	n.	a small nonrigid airship used for observation or as a barrage balloon
blimpish	adj.	pompously ultraconservative and nationalistic
blind	n.	people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group
blind	n.	a hiding place sometimes used by hunters (especially duck hunters)
blind	n.	a protective covering that keeps things out or hinders sight
blind	n.	something intended to misrepresent the true nature of an activity
blind	v.	render unable to see
blind	v.	make blind by putting the eyes out
blind	v.	make dim by comparison or conceal
blind	adj.	unable to see; --Kenneth Jernigan
blind	adj.	unable or unwilling to perceive or understand
blind	adj.	not based on reason or evidence
blinder	n.	blind consisting of a leather eyepatch sewn to the side of the halter that prevents a horse from seeing something on either side
blinder	adj.	unable to see; --Kenneth Jernigan
blinder	adj.	unable or unwilling to perceive or understand
blinder	adj.	not based on reason or evidence
blindfold	n.	a cloth used to cover the eyes
blindfold	v.	cover the eyes of (someone) to prevent him from seeing
blindfold	adj.	wearing a blindfold
blinding	v.	render unable to see
blinding	v.	make blind by putting the eyes out
blinding	v.	make dim by comparison or conceal
blinding	adj.	shining intensely
blindness	n.	the state of being blind or lacking sight
blindside	v.	catch unawares, especially with harmful consequences
blindside	v.	attack or hit on or from the side where the attacked person's view is obstructed
blini	n.	Russian pancake of buckwheat flour and yeast; usually served with caviar and sour cream
blink	n.	a reflex that closes and opens the eyes rapidly
blink	v.	briefly shut the eyes
blink	v.	force to go away by blinking
blink	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
blinker	n.	a light that flashes on and off; used as a signal or to send messages
blinker	n.	a blinking light on a motor vehicle that indicates the direction in which the vehicle is about to turn
blinker	n.	blind consisting of a leather eyepatch sewn to the side of the halter that prevents a horse from seeing something on either side
blinker	v.	put blinders on (a horse)
blintz	n.	(Judaism) thin pancake folded around a filling and fried or baked
blintze	n.	(Judaism) thin pancake folded around a filling and fried or baked
blip	n.	a sudden minor shock or meaningless interruption
blip	n.	a radar echo displayed so as to show the position of a reflecting surface
bliss	n.	a state of extreme happiness
blissful	adj.	completely happy and contented
blissfulness	n.	a state of extreme happiness
blister	n.	a flaw on a surface resulting when an applied substance does not adhere (as an air bubble in a coat of paint)
blister	n.	(botany) a swelling on a plant similar to that on the skin
blister	n.	(pathology) an elevation of the skin filled with serous fluid
blister	v.	get blistered
blister	v.	subject to harsh criticism
blister	v.	cause blisters to form on
blistering	n.	the formation of vesicles in or beneath the skin
blistering	v.	get blistered
blistering	v.	subject to harsh criticism
blistering	v.	cause blisters to form on
blistering	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
blistering	adj.	hot enough to raise (or as if to raise) blisters
blistering	adj.	very fast; capable of quick response and great speed
blistery	adj.	hot enough to raise (or as if to raise) blisters
blistery	adj.	covered with small blisters
blithe	adj.	lacking or showing a lack of due concern
blithe	adj.	carefree and happy and lighthearted
blitheness	n.	a feeling of spontaneous good spirits
blither	v.	to talk foolishly
blither	adj.	lacking or showing a lack of due concern
blither	adj.	carefree and happy and lighthearted
blithesome	adj.	carefree and happy and lighthearted
blitz	n.	(American football) defensive players try to break through the offensive line
blitz	n.	a swift and violent military offensive with intensive aerial bombardment
blitz	v.	attack suddenly and without warning
blitzkrieg	n.	a swift and violent military offensive with intensive aerial bombardment
blitzkrieg	v.	fight a quick and surprising war
blizzard	n.	a storm with widespread snowfall accompanied by strong winds
blizzard	n.	a series of unexpected and unpleasant occurrences
bloat	n.	swelling of the rumen or intestinal tract of domestic animals caused by excessive gas
bloat	v.	become bloated or swollen or puff up
bloat	v.	make bloated or swollen
blob	n.	an indistinct shapeless form
blob	v.	make a spot or mark onto
blobbed	v.	make a spot or mark onto
blobbing	v.	make a spot or mark onto
bloc	n.	a group of countries in special alliance
bloch	n.	United States composer (born in Switzerland) who composed symphonies and chamber music and choral music and a piano sonata and an opera (1880-1959)
block	n.	a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides)
block	n.	a rectangular area in a city surrounded by streets and usually containing several buildings
block	n.	a three-dimensional shape with six square or rectangular sides
block	n.	a number or quantity of related things dealt with as a unit
block	n.	housing in a large building that is divided into separate units
block	n.	(computer science) a sector or group of sectors that function as the smallest data unit permitted
block	n.	an inability to remember or think of something you normally can do; often caused by emotional tension
block	n.	a simple machine consisting of a wheel with a groove in which a rope can run to change the direction or point of application of a force applied to the rope
block	n.	a metal casting containing the cylinders and cooling ducts of an engine
block	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
block	n.	a platform from which an auctioneer sells
block	n.	the act of obstructing or deflecting someone's movements
block	v.	render unsuitable for passage
block	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
block	v.	stop from happening or developing
block	v.	interfere with or prevent the reception of signals
block	v.	run on a block system
block	v.	interrupt the normal function of by means of anesthesia
block	v.	shut out from view or get in the way so as to hide from sight
block	v.	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block
block	v.	obstruct
block	v.	block passage through
block	v.	support, secure, or raise with a block
block	v.	impede the movement of (an opponent or a ball)
block	v.	be unable to remember
block	v.	shape by using a block
block	v.	shape into a block or blocks
block	v.	prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)
blockade	n.	a war measure that isolates some area of importance to the enemy
blockade	n.	prevents access or progress
blockade	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
blockade	v.	render unsuitable for passage
blockade	v.	obstruct access to
blockade	v.	impose a blockade on
blockage	n.	the physical condition of blocking or filling a passage with an obstruction
blockage	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
blockage	n.	the act of blocking
blockbuster	n.	a large bomb used to demolish extensive areas (as a city block)
blockbuster	n.	an unusually successful hit with widespread popularity and huge sales (especially a movie or play or recording or novel)
blocker	n.	a football player whose responsibility is to block players attempting to stop an offensive play
blocker	n.	a class of drugs that inhibit (block) some biological process
blockhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
blockhouse	n.	a stronghold that is reinforced for protection from enemy fire; with apertures for defensive fire
bloemfontein	n.	the seat of the supreme court
blog	n.	a shared on-line journal where people can post diary entries about their personal experiences and hobbies
blog	v.	read, write, or edit a shared on-line journal
blogger	n.	a person who keeps and updates a blog
bloke	n.	a boy or man
blond	n.	a person with fair skin and hair
blond	n.	a light grayish yellow to near white
blond	adj.	being or having light colored skin and hair and usually blue or grey eyes
blonde	n.	a person with fair skin and hair
blonde	n.	a light grayish yellow to near white
blonde	adj.	being or having light colored skin and hair and usually blue or grey eyes
blondness	n.	the property of having a naturally light complexion
blood	n.	the fluid (red in vertebrates) that is pumped through the body by the heart and contains plasma, blood cells, and platelets
blood	n.	temperament or disposition
blood	n.	a dissolute man in fashionable society
blood	n.	the descendants of one individual
blood	n.	people viewed as members of a group
blood	v.	smear with blood, as in a hunting initiation rite, where the face of a person is smeared with the blood of the kill
bloodbath	n.	indiscriminate slaughter
bloodbaths	n.	indiscriminate slaughter
bloodcurdling	adj.	extremely alarming
bloodhound	n.	a breed of large powerful hound of European origin having very acute smell and used in tracking
bloodily	adv.	involving a great bloodshed
bloodiness	n.	the state of being bloody
bloodiness	n.	a disposition to shed blood
bloodless	adj.	destitute of blood or apparently so; - John Dryden
bloodless	adj.	free from blood or bloodshed
bloodless	adj.	without vigor or zest or energy
bloodless	adj.	devoid of human emotion or feeling
bloodless	adj.	anemic looking from illness or emotion; ; ; ; ; - Mary W. Shelley
bloodletting	n.	formerly used as a treatment to reduce excess blood (one of the four humors of medieval medicine)
bloodletting	n.	indiscriminate slaughter
bloodline	n.	the descendants of one individual
bloodline	n.	ancestry of a purebred animal
bloodmobile	n.	a motor vehicle equipped to collect blood donations
bloodshed	n.	the shedding of blood resulting in murder
bloodshed	n.	indiscriminate slaughter
bloodshot	adj.	(of an eye) reddened as a result of locally congested blood vessels; inflamed
bloodstain	n.	a discoloration caused by blood
bloodstock	n.	thoroughbred horses (collectively)
bloodstream	n.	the blood flowing through the circulatory system
bloodsucker	n.	carnivorous or bloodsucking aquatic or terrestrial worms typically having a sucker at each end
bloodsucking	adj.	drawing blood from the body of another
bloodsucking	adj.	of plants or persons; having the nature or habits of a parasite or leech; living off another
bloodthirstiness	n.	a disposition to shed blood
bloodthirsty	adj.	marked by eagerness to resort to violence and bloodshed; ; ; -G.W.Johnson
bloody	v.	cover with blood
bloody	adj.	having or covered with or accompanied by blood
bloody	adj.	informal intensifiers
bloody	adv.	extremely
bloom	n.	the organic process of bearing flowers
bloom	n.	reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts
bloom	n.	the best time of youth
bloom	n.	a rosy color (especially in the cheeks) taken as a sign of good health
bloom	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
bloom	n.	a powdery deposit on a surface
bloom	v.	produce or yield flowers
bloomer	n.	a flower that blooms in a particular way
bloomer	n.	an embarrassing mistake
bloomfield	n.	United States linguist who adopted a behavioristic approach to linguistics (1887-1949)
bloomington	n.	a university town in south central Indiana
bloomsbury	n.	a city district of central London laid out in garden squares
blooper	n.	an embarrassing mistake
blossom	n.	reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts
blossom	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
blossom	v.	produce or yield flowers
blossom	v.	develop or come to a promising stage
blot	n.	a blemish made by dirt
blot	n.	an act that brings discredit to the person who does it
blot	v.	dry (ink) with blotting paper
blot	v.	make a spot or mark onto
blotch	n.	an irregularly shaped spot
blotch	v.	mark with spots or blotches of different color or shades of color as if stained
blotchy	adj.	marked with irregularly shaped spots or blots
blotchy	adj.	marred by discolored spots or blotches
blotted	v.	dry (ink) with blotting paper
blotted	v.	make a spot or mark onto
blotter	n.	absorbent paper used to dry ink
blotter	n.	the daily written record of events (as arrests) in a police station
blotting	v.	dry (ink) with blotting paper
blotting	v.	make a spot or mark onto
blotto	adj.	very drunk
blouse	n.	a top worn by women
blow	n.	a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon
blow	n.	an impact (as from a collision)
blow	n.	an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting or frustrating
blow	n.	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise
blow	n.	a strong current of air
blow	n.	street names for cocaine
blow	n.	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth
blow	v.	exhale hard
blow	v.	be blowing or storming
blow	v.	free of obstruction by blowing air through
blow	v.	be in motion due to some air or water current
blow	v.	make a sound as if blown
blow	v.	shape by blowing
blow	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
blow	v.	spend thoughtlessly; throw away
blow	v.	spend lavishly or wastefully on
blow	v.	sound by having air expelled through a tube
blow	v.	play or sound a wind instrument
blow	v.	provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation
blow	v.	cause air to go in, on, or through
blow	v.	cause to move by means of an air current
blow	v.	spout moist air from the blowhole
blow	v.	leave; informal or rude
blow	v.	lay eggs
blow	v.	cause to be revealed and jeopardized
blow	v.	show off
blow	v.	allow to regain its breath
blow	v.	melt, break, or become otherwise unusable
blow	v.	burst suddenly
blower	n.	a device that produces a current of air
blower	n.	a fan run by an electric motor
blower	n.	large aquatic carnivorous mammal with fin-like forelimbs no hind limbs, including: whales; dolphins; porpoises; narwhals
blowfly	n.	large usually hairy metallic blue or green fly; lays eggs in carrion or dung or wounds
blowgun	n.	a tube through which darts can be shot by blowing
blowhard	n.	a very boastful and talkative person
blowhole	n.	the spiracle of a cetacean located far back on the skull
blowhole	n.	a hole for the escape of gas or air
blowjob	n.	slang for fellatio
blowlamp	n.	a burner that mixes air and gas to produce a very hot flame
blown	v.	exhale hard
blown	v.	be blowing or storming
blown	v.	free of obstruction by blowing air through
blown	v.	be in motion due to some air or water current
blown	v.	make a sound as if blown
blown	v.	shape by blowing
blown	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
blown	v.	spend thoughtlessly; throw away
blown	v.	spend lavishly or wastefully on
blown	v.	sound by having air expelled through a tube
blown	v.	play or sound a wind instrument
blown	v.	provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation
blown	v.	cause air to go in, on, or through
blown	v.	cause to move by means of an air current
blown	v.	spout moist air from the blowhole
blown	v.	leave; informal or rude
blown	v.	lay eggs
blown	v.	cause to be revealed and jeopardized
blown	v.	show off
blown	v.	allow to regain its breath
blown	v.	melt, break, or become otherwise unusable
blown	v.	burst suddenly
blown	adj.	being moved or acted upon by moving air or vapor
blown	adj.	breathing laboriously or convulsively
blowout	n.	an easy victory
blowout	n.	a sudden malfunction of a part or apparatus
blowout	n.	a gay festivity
blowpipe	n.	a tube that directs air or gas into a flame to concentrate heat
blowpipe	n.	a tube through which darts can be shot by blowing
blowtorch	n.	a burner that mixes air and gas to produce a very hot flame
blowup	n.	a violent release of energy caused by a chemical or nuclear reaction
blowup	n.	an unrestrained expression of emotion
blowup	n.	a photographic print that has been enlarged
blowy	adj.	abounding in or exposed to the wind or breezes
blowzy	adj.	characteristic of or befitting a slut or slattern; used especially of women
blt	n.	sandwich filled with slices of bacon and tomato with lettuce
blubber	n.	an insulating layer of fat under the skin of whales and other large marine mammals; used as a source of oil
blubber	n.	excess bodily weight
blubber	v.	cry or whine with snuffling
blubber	v.	utter while crying
blubbery	adj.	swollen with fat
blucher	n.	Prussian general who is remembered for his leadership in the wars against Napoleon (1742-1819)
blucher	n.	a high shoe with laces over the tongue
bludgeon	n.	a club used as a weapon
bludgeon	v.	overcome or coerce as if by using a heavy club
bludgeon	v.	strike with a club or a bludgeon
blue	n.	blue color or pigment; resembling the color of the clear sky in the daytime
blue	n.	blue clothing
blue	n.	any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are blue
blue	n.	the sky as viewed during daylight
blue	n.	used to whiten laundry or hair or give it a bluish tinge
blue	n.	the sodium salt of amobarbital that is used as a barbiturate; used as a sedative and a hypnotic
blue	n.	any of numerous small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae
blue	v.	turn blue
blue	adj.	of the color intermediate between green and violet; having a color similar to that of a clear unclouded sky; - Helen Hunt Jackson
blue	adj.	used to signify the Union forces in the American Civil War (who wore blue uniforms)
blue	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
blue	adj.	characterized by profanity or cursing
blue	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
blue	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy
blue	adj.	morally rigorous and strict
blue	adj.	causing dejection
bluebeard	n.	(fairytale) a monstrous villain who marries seven women; he kills the first six for disobedience
bluebell	n.	sometimes placed in genus Scilla
bluebell	n.	one of the most handsome prairie wildflowers having large erect bell-shaped bluish flowers; of moist places in prairies and fields from eastern Colorado and Nebraska south to New Mexico and Texas
bluebell	n.	perennial of northern hemisphere with slender stems and bell-shaped blue flowers
blueberry	n.	any of numerous shrubs of the genus Vaccinium bearing blueberries
blueberry	n.	sweet edible dark-blue berries of either low-growing or high-growing blueberry plants
bluebird	n.	fruit-eating mostly brilliant blue songbird of the East Indies
bluebird	n.	blue North American songbird
bluebonnet	n.	low-growing annual herb of southwestern United States (Texas) having silky foliage and blue flowers; a leading cause of livestock poisoning in the southwestern United States
bluebonnet	n.	a brimless dark blue Scottish cap with a flat top and a plume on one side
bluebottle	n.	an annual Eurasian plant cultivated in North America having showy heads of blue or purple or pink or white flowers
bluebottle	n.	blowfly with iridescent blue body; makes a loud buzzing noise in flight
bluefish	n.	bluish warm-water marine food and game fish that follow schools of small fishes into shallow waters
bluefish	n.	fatty bluish flesh of bluefish
bluegill	n.	important edible sunfish of eastern and central United States
bluegrass	n.	any of various grasses of the genus Poa
bluegrass	n.	an area in central Kentucky noted for it bluegrass and thoroughbred horses
bluegrass	n.	a type of country music played at a rapid tempo on banjos and guitars
blueish	adj.	of the color intermediate between green and violet; having a color similar to that of a clear unclouded sky; - Helen Hunt Jackson
bluejacket	n.	a serviceman in the navy
blueness	n.	blue color or pigment; resembling the color of the clear sky in the daytime
bluenose	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nova Scotia
bluepoint	n.	oysters originally from Long Island Sound but now from anywhere along the northeastern seacoast; usually eaten raw
bluepoint	n.	small edible oyster typically from the southern shore of Long Island
blueprint	n.	something intended as a guide for making something else
blueprint	n.	photographic print of plans or technical drawings etc.
blueprint	v.	make a blueprint of
bluestocking	n.	a woman having literary or intellectual interests
bluff	n.	a high steep bank (usually formed by river erosion)
bluff	n.	pretense that your position is stronger than it really is
bluff	n.	the act of bluffing in poker; deception by a false show of confidence in the strength of your cards
bluff	v.	deceive an opponent by a bold bet on an inferior hand with the result that the opponent withdraws a winning hand
bluff	v.	frighten someone by pretending to be stronger than one really is
bluff	adj.	very steep; having a prominent and almost vertical front
bluff	adj.	bluntly direct and outspoken but good-natured
bluffer	n.	a person who tries to bluff other people
bluffer	adj.	very steep; having a prominent and almost vertical front
bluffer	adj.	bluntly direct and outspoken but good-natured
bluffness	n.	good-natured frankness
bluing	n.	used to whiten laundry or hair or give it a bluish tinge
bluing	n.	a process that makes something blue (or bluish)
bluing	v.	turn blue
bluish	adj.	of the color intermediate between green and violet; having a color similar to that of a clear unclouded sky; - Helen Hunt Jackson
blunder	n.	an embarrassing mistake
blunder	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
blunder	v.	make one's way clumsily or blindly
blunder	v.	utter impulsively
blunderbuss	n.	a short musket of wide bore with a flared muzzle
blunderer	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
blunt	v.	make less intense
blunt	v.	make numb or insensitive
blunt	v.	make dull or blunt
blunt	v.	make less sharp
blunt	v.	make less lively, intense, or vigorous; impair in vigor, force, activity, or sensation
blunt	adj.	having a broad or rounded end
blunt	adj.	used of a knife or other blade; not sharp
blunt	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
blunt	adj.	devoid of any qualifications or disguise or adornment
bluntness	n.	the quality of being direct and outspoken
bluntness	n.	without sharpness or clearness of edge or point
blur	n.	a hazy or indistinct representation
blur	v.	become glassy; lose clear vision
blur	v.	to make less distinct or clear
blur	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
blur	v.	make a smudge on; soil by smudging
blur	v.	make dim or indistinct
blur	v.	become vague or indistinct
blurb	n.	a promotional statement (as found on the dust jackets of books)
blurred	v.	become glassy; lose clear vision
blurred	v.	to make less distinct or clear
blurred	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
blurred	v.	make a smudge on; soil by smudging
blurred	v.	make dim or indistinct
blurred	v.	become vague or indistinct
blurred	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
blurred	adj.	unclear in form or expression; ; - H.G.Wells
blurriness	n.	the quality of being indistinct and without sharp outlines
blurring	v.	become glassy; lose clear vision
blurring	v.	to make less distinct or clear
blurring	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
blurring	v.	make a smudge on; soil by smudging
blurring	v.	make dim or indistinct
blurring	v.	become vague or indistinct
blurry	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
blurt	v.	utter impulsively
blush	n.	a rosy color (especially in the cheeks) taken as a sign of good health
blush	n.	sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or modesty)
blush	v.	turn red, as if in embarrassment or shame
blush	v.	become rosy or reddish
blusher	n.	yellowish edible agaric that usually turns red when touched
blusher	n.	makeup consisting of a pink or red powder applied to the cheeks
bluster	n.	noisy confusion and turbulence
bluster	n.	a swaggering show of courage
bluster	n.	a violent gusty wind
bluster	n.	vain and empty boasting
bluster	v.	blow hard; be gusty, as of wind
bluster	v.	show off
bluster	v.	act in an arrogant, overly self-assured, or conceited manner
blusterer	n.	a person who causes trouble by speaking indiscreetly
blusterous	adj.	blowing in violent and abrupt bursts
blustery	adj.	blowing in violent and abrupt bursts
blustery	adj.	noisily domineering; tending to browbeat others
bm	n.	solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels
bm	n.	a euphemism for defecation
boa	n.	a long thin fluffy scarf of feathers or fur
boa	n.	any of several chiefly tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs
boar	n.	Old World wild swine having a narrow body and prominent tusks from which most domestic swine come; introduced in United States
boar	n.	an uncastrated male hog
board	n.	a committee having supervisory powers
board	n.	a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
board	n.	a flat piece of material designed for a special purpose
board	n.	food or meals in general
board	n.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
board	n.	a table at which meals are served
board	n.	electrical device consisting of a flat insulated surface that contains switches and dials and meters for controlling other electrical devices
board	n.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities
board	n.	a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games
board	v.	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.)
board	v.	live and take one's meals at or in
board	v.	lodge and take meals (at)
board	v.	provide food and lodging (for)
boarder	n.	a tenant in someone's house
boarder	n.	someone who forces their way aboard ship
boarder	n.	a pupil who lives at school during term time
boarding	n.	the act of passengers and crew getting aboard a ship or aircraft
boarding	n.	a structure of boards
boarding	v.	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.)
boarding	v.	live and take one's meals at or in
boarding	v.	lodge and take meals (at)
boarding	v.	provide food and lodging (for)
boardinghouse	n.	a private house that provides accommodations and meals for paying guests
boardroom	n.	a room where a committee meets (such as the board of directors of a company)
boardwalk	n.	a walkway made of wooden boards; usually at seaside
boas	n.	a long thin fluffy scarf of feathers or fur
boas	n.	any of several chiefly tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs
boast	n.	speaking of yourself in superlatives
boast	v.	show off
boast	v.	wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner
boaster	n.	a very boastful and talkative person
boastful	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
boastfulness	n.	outspoken conceit
boat	n.	a small vessel for travel on water
boat	n.	a dish (often boat-shaped) for serving gravy or sauce
boat	v.	ride in a boat on water
boater	n.	a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown
boater	n.	someone who drives or rides in a boat
boathouse	n.	a shed at the edge of a river or lake; used to store boats
boating	n.	water travel for pleasure
boating	v.	ride in a boat on water
boatload	n.	the amount of cargo that can be held by a boat or ship or a freight car
boatman	n.	someone who drives or rides in a boat
boatmen	n.	someone who drives or rides in a boat
boatswain	n.	a petty officer on a merchant ship who controls the work of other seamen
boatyard	n.	a place where boats are built or maintained or stored
bob	n.	a former monetary unit in Great Britain
bob	n.	a hair style for women and children; a short haircut all around
bob	n.	a long racing sled (for 2 or more people) with a steering mechanism
bob	n.	a hanging weight, especially a metal ball on a string
bob	n.	a small float usually made of cork; attached to a fishing line
bob	n.	a short or shortened tail of certain animals
bob	n.	a short abrupt inclination (as of the head)
bob	v.	move up and down repeatedly
bob	v.	ride a bobsled
bob	v.	remove or shorten the tail of an animal
bob	v.	make a curtsy; usually done only by girls and women; as a sign of respect
bob	v.	cut hair in the style of a bob
bobbed	v.	move up and down repeatedly
bobbed	v.	ride a bobsled
bobbed	v.	remove or shorten the tail of an animal
bobbed	v.	make a curtsy; usually done only by girls and women; as a sign of respect
bobbed	v.	cut hair in the style of a bob
bobbin	n.	a winder around which thread or tape or film or other flexible materials can be wound
bobbing	v.	move up and down repeatedly
bobbing	v.	ride a bobsled
bobbing	v.	remove or shorten the tail of an animal
bobbing	v.	make a curtsy; usually done only by girls and women; as a sign of respect
bobbing	v.	cut hair in the style of a bob
bobble	n.	the momentary juggling of a batted or thrown baseball
bobble	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bobby	n.	an informal term for a British policeman
bobbysoxer	n.	an adolescent girl wearing bobby socks (common in the 1940s)
bobcat	n.	small lynx of North America
bobolink	n.	migratory American songbird
bobsled	n.	formerly two short sleds coupled together
bobsled	n.	a long racing sled (for 2 or more people) with a steering mechanism
bobsled	v.	ride a bobsled
bobsledding	n.	riding on a bobsled
bobsleigh	n.	formerly two short sleds coupled together
bobsleigh	n.	a long racing sled (for 2 or more people) with a steering mechanism
bobsleighs	n.	formerly two short sleds coupled together
bobsleighs	n.	a long racing sled (for 2 or more people) with a steering mechanism
bobtail	n.	a short or shortened tail of certain animals
bobtail	n.	large sheepdog with a profuse shaggy bluish-grey-and-white coat and short tail; believed to trace back to the Roman occupation of Britain
bobtail	adj.	having a short or shortened tail
bobwhite	n.	a popular North American game bird; named for its call
boccaccio	n.	Italian poet (born in France) (1313-1375)
boccie	n.	Italian bowling played on a long narrow dirt court
bock	n.	a very strong lager traditionally brewed in the fall and aged through the winter for consumption in the spring
bod	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
bodacious	adj.	incorrigible
bodacious	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
bode	v.	indicate by signs
bodega	n.	a small Hispanic shop selling wine and groceries
bodge	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bodhisattva	n.	Buddhist worthy of nirvana who postpones it to help others
bodice	n.	part of a dress above the waist
bodily	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to the body
bodily	adj.	affecting or characteristic of the body as opposed to the mind or spirit
bodily	adj.	having or relating to a physical material body
bodily	adv.	in bodily form
bodkin	n.	a dagger with a slender blade
bodkin	n.	formerly a long hairpin; usually with an ornamental head
bodkin	n.	a small sharp-pointed tool for punching holes in leather or fabric
bodkin	n.	a blunt needle for threading ribbon through loops
body	n.	the entire structure of an organism (an animal, plant, or human being)
body	n.	a group of persons associated by some common tie or occupation and regarded as an entity
body	n.	a natural object consisting of a dead animal or person
body	n.	an individual 3-dimensional object that has mass and that is distinguishable from other objects
body	n.	the body excluding the head and neck and limbs
body	n.	a collection of particulars considered as a system
body	n.	the property of holding together and retaining its shape
body	n.	the central message of a communication
body	n.	the main mass of a thing
body	n.	a resonating chamber in a musical instrument (as the body of a violin)
body	n.	the external structure of a vehicle
body	v.	invest with or as with a body; give body to
bodybuilder	n.	someone who does special exercises to develop a brawny musculature
bodybuilding	n.	exercise that builds muscles through tension
bodyguard	n.	someone who escorts and protects a prominent person
bodyguard	n.	a group of men who escort and protect some important person
bodywork	n.	the exterior body of a motor vehicle
bodywork	n.	the work of making or repairing vehicle bodies
boeotia	n.	a district of ancient Greece to the northwest of Athens
boeotian	adj.	of or relating to ancient Boeotia or its people or to the dialect spoken there in classical times
boer	n.	a white native of Cape Province who is a descendant of Dutch settlers and who speaks Afrikaans
boethius	n.	a Roman who was an early Christian philosopher and statesman who was executed for treason; Boethius had a decisive influence on medieval logic (circa 480-524)
boffin	n.	(British slang) a scientist or technician engaged in military research
boffo	adj.	resoundingly successful and popular
bog	n.	wet spongy ground of decomposing vegetation; has poorer drainage than a swamp; soil is unfit for cultivation but can be cut and dried and used for fuel
bog	v.	cause to slow down or get stuck
bog	v.	get stuck while doing something
bogart	n.	United States film actor (1899-1957)
bogey	n.	an evil spirit
bogey	n.	(golf) a score of one stroke over par on a hole
bogey	n.	an unidentified (and possibly enemy) aircraft
bogey	v.	to shoot in one stroke over par
bogeyman	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
bogeymen	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
boggle	v.	startle with amazement or fear
boggle	v.	hesitate when confronted with a problem, or when in doubt or fear
boggle	v.	overcome with amazement
boggy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
bogie	n.	an evil spirit
bogie	n.	an unidentified (and possibly enemy) aircraft
bogota	n.	capital and largest city of Colombia; located in central Colombia on a high fertile plain
bogus	adj.	fraudulent; having a misleading appearance
bohemia	n.	a historical area and former kingdom in the Czech Republic
bohemia	n.	a group of artists and writers with real or pretended artistic or intellectual aspirations and usually an unconventional life style
bohemian	n.	a member of a people with dark skin and hair who speak Romany and who traditionally live by seasonal work and fortunetelling; they are believed to have originated in northern India but now are living on all continents (but mostly in Europe, North Africa, and North America)
bohemian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bohemia in the Czech Republic
bohemian	n.	a nonconformist writer or artist who lives an unconventional life
bohemian	adj.	of or relating to Bohemia or its language or people
bohemian	adj.	unconventional in especially appearance and behavior
bohemianism	n.	conduct characteristic of a bohemian
bohr	n.	Danish physicist who studied atomic structure and radiations; the Bohr theory of the atom accounted for the spectrum of hydrogen (1885-1962)
boil	n.	a painful sore with a hard core filled with pus
boil	n.	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level
boil	v.	come to the boiling point and change from a liquid to vapor
boil	v.	immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes
boil	v.	bring to, or maintain at, the boiling point
boil	v.	be agitated
boil	v.	be in an agitated emotional state
boiler	n.	sealed vessel where water is converted to steam
boiler	n.	a metal pot for stewing or boiling; usually has a lid
boilerplate	n.	standard formulations uniformly found in certain types of legal documents or news stories
boilerplate	n.	thick plate iron used in the production of boilers
boise	n.	the capital and largest city of Idaho
boisterous	adj.	noisy and lacking in restraint or discipline
boisterous	adj.	full of rough and exuberant animal spirits
boisterous	adj.	violently agitated and turbulent; ; - Ezra Pound
boisterousness	n.	a turbulent and stormy state of the sea
boisterousness	n.	the property of being noisy and lively and unrestrained
bola	n.	a cord fastened around the neck with an ornamental clasp and worn as a necktie
bola	n.	a rope with weights attached to the ends; is thrown to entangle the legs of an animal; of South American origin
bold	n.	a typeface with thick heavy lines
bold	adj.	fearless and daring
bold	adj.	clear and distinct
bold	adj.	very steep; having a prominent and almost vertical front
boldface	n.	a typeface with thick heavy lines
boldface	v.	print in boldface
boldness	n.	the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger
boldness	n.	impudent aggressiveness
boldness	n.	the quality of standing out strongly and distinctly
bole	n.	a soft oily clay used as a pigment (especially a reddish brown pigment)
bole	n.	the main stem of a tree; usually covered with bark; the bole is usually the part that is commercially useful for lumber
bole	n.	a Chadic language spoken in northern Nigeria and closely related to Hausa
bolero	n.	music written in the rhythm of the bolero dance
bolero	n.	a short jacket; worn mostly by women
bolero	n.	a Spanish dance in triple time accompanied by guitar and castanets
boleyn	n.	the second wife of Henry VIII and mother of Elizabeth I; was executed on a charge of adultery (1507-1536)
bolivar	n.	the basic unit of money in Venezuela; equal to 100 centimos
bolivar	n.	Venezuelan statesman who led the revolt of South American colonies against Spanish rule; founded Bolivia in 1825 (1783-1830)
bolivares	n.	the basic unit of money in Venezuela; equal to 100 centimos
bolivares	n.	Venezuelan statesman who led the revolt of South American colonies against Spanish rule; founded Bolivia in 1825 (1783-1830)
bolivia	n.	a landlocked republic in central South America; Simon Bolivar founded Bolivia in 1825 after winning independence from Spain
bolivia	n.	a form of canasta in which sequences can be melded
bolivian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bolivia
bolivian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bolivia or its people
boll	n.	the rounded seed-bearing capsule of a cotton or flax plant
bollard	n.	a strong post (as on a wharf or quay or ship for attaching mooring lines)
bollix	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bollocks	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
bollocks	n.	a pulley-block at the head of a topmast
bollocks	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bollywood	n.	the film industry of India
bologna	n.	the capital of Emilia-Romagna; located in northern Italy to the east of the Apennines
bologna	n.	large smooth-textured smoked sausage of beef and veal and pork
bolshevik	n.	emotionally charged terms used to refer to extreme radicals or revolutionaries
bolshevik	n.	a Russian member of the left-wing majority group that followed Lenin and eventually became the Russian communist party
bolshevik	adj.	of or relating to Bolshevism
bolsheviki	n.	emotionally charged terms used to refer to extreme radicals or revolutionaries
bolsheviki	n.	a Russian member of the left-wing majority group that followed Lenin and eventually became the Russian communist party
bolshevism	n.	Soviet communism
bolshevist	n.	a Russian member of the left-wing majority group that followed Lenin and eventually became the Russian communist party
bolshevist	adj.	of or relating to Bolshevism
bolshie	n.	emotionally charged terms used to refer to extreme radicals or revolutionaries
bolster	n.	a pillow that is often put across a bed underneath the regular pillows
bolster	v.	support and strengthen
bolster	v.	prop up with a pillow or bolster
bolster	v.	add padding to
bolt	n.	a discharge of lightning accompanied by thunder
bolt	n.	a sliding bar in a breech-loading firearm that ejects an empty cartridge and replaces it and closes the breech
bolt	n.	the part of a lock that is engaged or withdrawn with a key
bolt	n.	the act of moving with great haste
bolt	n.	a roll of cloth or wallpaper of a definite length
bolt	n.	a screw that screws into a nut to form a fastener
bolt	n.	a sudden abandonment (as from a political party)
bolt	v.	move or jump suddenly
bolt	v.	secure or lock with a bolt
bolt	v.	swallow hastily
bolt	v.	run away; usually includes taking something or somebody along
bolt	v.	leave suddenly and as if in a hurry
bolt	v.	eat hastily without proper chewing
bolt	v.	make or roll into bolts
bolt	adv.	in a rigid manner
bolt	adv.	directly
boltzmann	n.	Austrian physicist who contributed to the kinetic theory of gases (1844-1906)
bolus	n.	a small round soft mass (as of chewed food)
bolus	n.	a large pill; used especially in veterinary medicine
bomb	n.	an explosive device fused to explode under specific conditions
bomb	n.	strong sealed vessel for measuring heat of combustion
bomb	n.	an event that fails badly or is totally ineffectual
bomb	v.	throw bombs at or attack with bombs
bomb	v.	fail to get a passing grade
bombard	n.	a large shawm; the bass member of the shawm family
bombard	v.	cast, hurl, or throw repeatedly with some missile
bombard	v.	throw bombs at or attack with bombs
bombard	v.	address with continuously or persistently, as if with a barrage
bombard	v.	direct high energy particles or radiation against
bombardier	n.	a noncommissioned officer in the British artillery
bombardier	n.	the member of a bomber crew responsible for using the bombsight and releasing the bombs on the target
bombardment	n.	the rapid and continuous delivery of linguistic communication (spoken or written)
bombardment	n.	the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target
bombardment	n.	the act (or an instance) of subjecting a body or substance to the impact of high-energy particles (as electrons or alpha rays)
bombardment	n.	an attack by dropping bombs
bombast	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
bombastic	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
bombastically	adv.	in a turgid manner
bombastically	adv.	in a grandiose manner
bombay	n.	a city in western India just off the coast of the Arabian Sea; India's 2nd largest city (after Calcutta); has the only natural deep-water harbor in western India
bomber	n.	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight
bomber	n.	a person who plants bombs
bomber	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
bombproof	n.	a chamber (often underground) reinforced against bombing and provided with food and living facilities; used during air raids
bombproof	v.	make safe against bombings
bombproof	adj.	able to resist the explosive force of bombs and shells
bombshell	n.	an entertainer who has a sensational effect
bombshell	n.	a shocking surprise
bombshell	n.	an explosive bomb or artillery shell
bonanza	n.	an especially rich vein of precious ore
bonanza	n.	a sudden happening that brings good fortune (as a sudden opportunity to make money)
bonaparte	n.	French general who became emperor of the French (1769-1821)
bonbon	n.	a candy that usually has a center of fondant or fruit or nuts coated in chocolate
bonce	n.	informal terms for a human head
bond	n.	an electrical force linking atoms
bond	n.	a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued by a government or corporation in order to raise money; the issuer is required to pay a fixed sum annually until maturity and then a fixed sum to repay the principal
bond	n.	a connection based on kinship or marriage or common interest
bond	n.	(criminal law) money that must be forfeited by the bondsman if an accused person fails to appear in court for trial
bond	n.	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner)
bond	n.	a connection that fastens things together
bond	n.	a superior quality of strong durable white writing paper; originally made for printing documents
bond	n.	United States civil rights leader who was elected to the legislature in Georgia but was barred from taking his seat because he opposed the Vietnam War (born 1940)
bond	n.	British secret operative 007 in novels by Ian Fleming
bond	n.	the property of sticking together (as of glue and wood) or the joining of surfaces of different composition
bond	v.	stick to firmly
bond	v.	create social or emotional ties
bond	v.	issue bonds on
bond	v.	bring together in a common cause or emotion
bondage	n.	the state of being under the control of a force or influence or abstract power; he sought release from his bondage to Satana self freed from the bondage of time"
bondage	n.	the state of being under the control of another person
bondage	n.	sexual practice that involves physically restraining (by cords or handcuffs) one of the partners
bondholder	n.	a holder of bonds issued by a government or corporation
bonding	n.	a close personal relationship that forms between people (as between husband and wife or parent and child)
bonding	n.	(dentistry) a technique for repairing a tooth; resinous material is applied to the surface of the tooth where it adheres to the tooth's enamel
bonding	n.	fastening firmly together
bonding	v.	stick to firmly
bonding	v.	create social or emotional ties
bonding	v.	issue bonds on
bonding	v.	bring together in a common cause or emotion
bondman	n.	a male bound to serve without wages
bondman	n.	a male slave
bondmen	n.	a male bound to serve without wages
bondmen	n.	a male slave
bondsman	n.	a male slave
bondsman	n.	someone who signs a bond as surety for someone else
bondsman	n.	a male bound to serve without wages
bondsmen	n.	a male slave
bondsmen	n.	someone who signs a bond as surety for someone else
bondsmen	n.	a male bound to serve without wages
bondwoman	n.	a female bound to serve without wages
bondwoman	n.	a female slave
bondwomen	n.	a female bound to serve without wages
bondwomen	n.	a female slave
bone	n.	rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates
bone	n.	the porous calcified substance from which bones are made
bone	n.	a shade of white the color of bleached bones
bone	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
bone	v.	remove the bones from
bone	adj.	consisting of or made up of bone
bonehead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
boneless	adj.	being without a bone or bones
boner	n.	an embarrassing mistake
boneshaker	n.	any wheeled vehicle that is dilapidated and uncomfortable
bonfire	n.	a large outdoor fire that is lighted as a signal or in celebration
bong	n.	a dull resonant sound as of a bell
bong	v.	ring loudly and deeply
bongo	n.	a small drum; played with the hands
bongo	n.	large forest antelope of central Africa having a reddish-brown coat with white stripes and spiral horns
bonhoeffer	n.	German Lutheran theologian and pastor whose works concern Christianity in the modern world; an active opponent of Nazism, he was arrested and sent to Buchenwald and later executed (1906-1945)
bonhomie	n.	a disposition to be friendly and approachable (easy to talk to)
boniface	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) Anglo-Saxon missionary who was sent to Frisia and Germany to spread the Christian faith; was martyred in Frisia (680-754)
boniface	n.	the owner or manager of an inn
boniness	n.	extreme leanness (usually caused by starvation or disease)
bonito	n.	flesh of mostly Pacific food fishes of the genus Sarda of the family Scombridae; related to but smaller than tuna
bonito	n.	fish whose flesh is dried and flaked for Japanese cookery; may be same species as skipjack tuna
bonito	n.	any of various scombroid fishes intermediate in size and characteristics between mackerels and tunas
bonk	v.	have sexual intercourse with
bonk	v.	hit hard
bonn	n.	a city in western Germany on the Rhine River; was the capital of West Germany between 1949 and 1989
bonnet	n.	a hat tied under the chin
bonnet	n.	protective covering consisting of a metal part that covers the engine
bonnet	v.	dress in a bonnet
bonnie	adj.	very pleasing to the eye
bonny	adj.	very pleasing to the eye
bonobo	n.	small chimpanzee of swamp forests in Zaire; a threatened species
bonsai	n.	a dwarfed ornamental tree or shrub grown in a tray or shallow pot
bonus	n.	anything that tends to arouse
bonus	n.	an additional payment (or other remuneration) to employees as a means of increasing output
bony	adj.	very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold
bony	adj.	composed of or containing bone
bony	adj.	having bones especially many or prominent bones
boo	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
boo	v.	show displeasure, as after a performance or speech
boob	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
boob	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
boob	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
booby	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
booby	n.	small tropical gannet having a bright bill or bright feet or both
boodle	n.	informal terms for money
boodle	n.	a gambling card game in which chips are placed on the ace and king and queen and jack of separate suits (taken from a separate deck); a player plays the lowest card of a suit in his hand and successively higher cards are played until the sequence stops; the player who plays a card matching one in the layout wins all the chips on that card
booger	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
booger	n.	dried nasal mucus
boogeyman	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
boogeymen	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
boogie	n.	an instrumental version of the blues (especially for piano)
boogie	v.	dance to boogie music
boogieing	v.	dance to boogie music
book	n.	a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together)
book	n.	physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together
book	n.	a compilation of the known facts regarding something or someone
book	n.	a written version of a play or other dramatic composition; used in preparing for a performance
book	n.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded
book	n.	a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules of a card game
book	n.	a collection of rules or prescribed standards on the basis of which decisions are made
book	n.	the sacred writings of Islam revealed by God to the prophet Muhammad during his life at Mecca and Medina
book	n.	the sacred writings of the Christian religions
book	n.	a major division of a long written composition
book	n.	a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge
book	v.	engage for a performance
book	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
book	v.	record a charge in a police register
book	v.	register in a hotel booker
bookbinder	n.	a worker whose trade is binding books
bookbindery	n.	a bookbinder's workshop; a place for binding books
bookbinding	n.	the craft of binding books
bookcase	n.	a piece of furniture with shelves for storing books
bookend	n.	a support placed at the end of a row of books to keep them upright (on a shelf or table)
booker	n.	someone who engages a person or company for performances
bookie	n.	a gambler who accepts and pays off bets (especially on horse races)
booking	n.	employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited period of time
booking	n.	the act of reserving (a place or passage) or engaging the services of (a person or group)
booking	v.	engage for a performance
booking	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
booking	v.	record a charge in a police register
booking	v.	register in a hotel booker
bookish	adj.	characterized by diligent study and fondness for reading
bookkeeper	n.	someone who records the transactions of a business
bookkeeping	n.	the activity of recording business transactions
booklet	n.	a small book usually having a paper cover
bookmaker	n.	a maker of books; someone who edits or publishes or binds books
bookmaker	n.	a gambler who accepts and pays off bets (especially on horse races)
bookmark	n.	a marker (a piece of paper or ribbon) placed between the pages of a book to mark the reader's place
bookmobile	n.	a van with shelves of books; serves as a mobile library or bookstore
bookplate	n.	a label identifying the owner of a book in which it is pasted
bookseller	n.	the proprietor of a bookstore
bookshelf	n.	a shelf on which to keep books
bookshelves	n.	a shelf on which to keep books
bookshop	n.	a shop where books are sold
bookstall	n.	a shop where books are sold
bookstore	n.	a shop where books are sold
bookworm	n.	a person who pays more attention to formal rules and book learning than they merit
bookworm	n.	someone who spends a great deal of time reading
boole	n.	English mathematician; creator of Boolean algebra (1815-1864)
boolean	adj.	of or relating to a combinatorial system devised by George Boole that combines propositions with the logical operators AND and OR and IF THEN and EXCEPT and NOT
boom	n.	a deep prolonged loud noise
boom	n.	a state of economic prosperity
boom	n.	a sudden happening that brings good fortune (as a sudden opportunity to make money)
boom	n.	a pole carrying an overhead microphone projected over a film or tv set
boom	n.	any of various more-or-less horizontal spars or poles used to extend the foot of a sail or for handling cargo or in mooring
boom	v.	make a resonant sound, like artillery
boom	v.	hit hard
boom	v.	be the case that thunder is being heard
boom	v.	make a deep hollow sound
boom	v.	grow vigorously
boomerang	n.	a curved piece of wood; when properly thrown will return to thrower
boomerang	n.	a miscalculation that recoils on its maker
boomerang	v.	return to the initial position from where it came; like a boomerang
boon	n.	a desirable state
boon	adj.	very close and convivial
boondocks	n.	a remote and undeveloped area
boondoggle	n.	work of little or no value done merely to look busy
boondoggle	v.	do useless, wasteful, or trivial work
boone	n.	an American pioneer and guide and explorer (1734-1820)
boor	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
boorish	adj.	ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance
boorishness	n.	the manner of a rude or insensitive person
boorishness	n.	inelegance by virtue of being an uncouth boor
boost	n.	the act of giving hope or support to someone
boost	n.	an increase in cost
boost	n.	the act of giving a push
boost	v.	increase
boost	v.	give a boost to; be beneficial to
boost	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
boost	v.	increase or raise
boost	v.	push or shove upward, as if from below or behind
booster	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
booster	n.	someone who is an active supporter and advocate
booster	n.	a thief who steals goods that are in a store
booster	n.	an amplifier for restoring the strength of a transmitted signal
booster	n.	the first stage of a multistage rocket
booster	n.	an additional dose that makes sure the first dose was effective
boot	n.	footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg
boot	n.	British term for the luggage compartment in a car
boot	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
boot	n.	protective casing for something that resembles a leg
boot	n.	an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg
boot	n.	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed
boot	n.	the act of delivering a blow with the foot
boot	v.	kick; give a boot to
boot	v.	cause to load (an operating system) and start the initial processes
bootblack	n.	a person who polishes shoes and boots
bootee	n.	a slipper that is soft and wool (for babies)
bootes	n.	a constellation in the northern hemisphere near Ursa Major
bootes	v.	kick; give a boot to
bootes	v.	cause to load (an operating system) and start the initial processes
booth	n.	a table (in a restaurant or bar) surrounded by two high-backed benches
booth	n.	small area set off by walls for special use
booth	n.	United States actor and assassin of President Lincoln (1838-1865)
booth	n.	a small shop at a fair; for selling goods or entertainment
booths	n.	a table (in a restaurant or bar) surrounded by two high-backed benches
booths	n.	small area set off by walls for special use
booths	n.	United States actor and assassin of President Lincoln (1838-1865)
booths	n.	a small shop at a fair; for selling goods or entertainment
bootlace	n.	a long lace for fastening boots
bootleg	n.	whiskey illegally distilled from a corn mash
bootleg	n.	the part of a boot above the instep
bootleg	v.	sell illicit products such as drugs or alcohol
bootleg	v.	produce or distribute illegally
bootleg	adj.	distributed or sold illicitly
bootlegged	v.	sell illicit products such as drugs or alcohol
bootlegged	v.	produce or distribute illegally
bootlegger	n.	someone who makes or sells illegal liquor
bootlegging	n.	the act of making or transporting alcoholic liquor for sale illegally
bootlegging	n.	the act of selling illegally or without permission
bootlegging	v.	sell illicit products such as drugs or alcohol
bootlegging	v.	produce or distribute illegally
bootless	adj.	unproductive of success
bootstrap	n.	a strap that is looped and sewn to the top of a boot for pulling it on
bootstrap	v.	help oneself, often through improvised means
booty	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
booze	n.	an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented
booze	v.	consume alcohol
boozer	n.	a person who drinks alcohol to excess habitually
boozy	adj.	given to or marked by the consumption of alcohol
bop	n.	the law enforcement agency of the Justice Department that operates a nationwide system of prisons and detention facilities to incarcerate inmates sentenced to imprisonment for federal crimes
bop	n.	an early form of modern jazz (originating around 1940)
bop	v.	dance the bebop
bop	v.	hit hard
bopped	v.	dance the bebop
bopped	v.	hit hard
bopping	v.	dance the bebop
bopping	v.	hit hard
borax	n.	an ore of boron consisting of hydrated sodium borate; used as a flux or cleansing agent
bordeaux	n.	a port city in southwestern France; a major center of the wine trade
bordeaux	n.	any of several red or white wines produced around Bordeaux, France or wines resembling them
bordello	n.	a building where prostitutes are available
border	n.	a line that indicates a boundary
border	n.	the boundary line or the area immediately inside the boundary
border	n.	the boundary of a surface
border	n.	a decorative recessed or relieved surface on an edge
border	n.	a strip forming the outer edge of something
border	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
border	v.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to
border	v.	enclose in or as if in a frame
border	v.	provide with a border or edge
border	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
borderland	n.	district consisting of the area on either side of a border or boundary of a country or an area
borderline	n.	a line that indicates a boundary
borderline	adj.	of questionable or minimal quality
bore	n.	a person who evokes boredom
bore	n.	a high wave (often dangerous) caused by tidal flow (as by colliding tidal currents or in a narrow estuary)
bore	n.	diameter of a tube or gun barrel
bore	n.	a hole or passage made by a drill; usually made for exploratory purposes
bore	v.	cause to be bored
bore	v.	make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool
bore	v.	have
bore	v.	cause to be born
bore	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
bore	v.	move while holding up or supporting
bore	v.	bring forth,
bore	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
bore	v.	contain or hold; have within
bore	v.	bring in
bore	v.	have on one's person
bore	v.	behave in a certain manner
bore	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
bore	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
bore	v.	be pregnant with
boreas	n.	a wind that blows from the north
boreas	n.	(Greek mythology) the god who personified the north wind
boredom	n.	the feeling of being bored by something tedious
borer	n.	a drill for penetrating rock
borer	n.	any of various insects or larvae or mollusks that bore into wood
borges	n.	Argentinian writer remembered for his short stories (1899-1986)
borgia	n.	Italian pope whose nepotism put the Borgia family in power in Italy (1378-1458)
borgia	n.	Italian noblewoman and patron of the arts (1480-1519)
borgia	n.	Italian cardinal and military leader; model for Machiavelli's prince (1475-1507)
borgia	n.	Pope and father of Cesare Borgia and Lucrezia Borgia (1431-1503)
boring	n.	the act of drilling
boring	n.	the act of drilling a hole in the earth in the hope of producing petroleum
boring	v.	cause to be bored
boring	v.	make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool
boring	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
born	n.	British nuclear physicist (born in Germany) honored for his contributions to quantum mechanics (1882-1970)
born	v.	have
born	v.	cause to be born
born	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
born	v.	move while holding up or supporting
born	v.	bring forth,
born	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
born	v.	contain or hold; have within
born	v.	bring in
born	v.	have on one's person
born	v.	behave in a certain manner
born	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
born	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
born	v.	be pregnant with
born	adj.	brought into existence
born	adj.	being talented through inherited qualities
borne	v.	have
borne	v.	cause to be born
borne	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
borne	v.	move while holding up or supporting
borne	v.	bring forth,
borne	v.	take on as one's own the expenses or debts of another person
borne	v.	contain or hold; have within
borne	v.	bring in
borne	v.	have on one's person
borne	v.	behave in a certain manner
borne	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
borne	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
borne	v.	be pregnant with
borneo	n.	3rd largest island in the world; in the western Pacific to the north of Java; largely covered by dense jungle and rain forest; part of the Malay Archipelago
borodin	n.	Russian composer (1833-1887)
boron	n.	a trivalent metalloid element; occurs both in a hard black crystal and in the form of a yellow or brown powder
borough	n.	one of the administrative divisions of a large city
borough	n.	an English town that forms the constituency of a member of parliament
boroughs	n.	one of the administrative divisions of a large city
boroughs	n.	an English town that forms the constituency of a member of parliament
borrow	v.	get temporarily
borrow	v.	take up and practice as one's own
borrower	n.	someone who receives something on the promise to return it or its equivalent
borrowing	n.	the appropriation (of ideas or words etc) from another source
borrowing	n.	obtaining funds from a lender
borrowing	v.	get temporarily
borrowing	v.	take up and practice as one's own
borscht	n.	a Russian or Polish soup usually containing beet juice as a foundation
borstal	n.	formerly a British reform school for youths considered too young to send to prison
borzoi	n.	tall fast-moving dog breed
bosch	n.	Dutch painter (1450-1516)
bose	n.	Indian physicist who with Albert Einstein proposed statistical laws based on the indistinguishability of particles; led to the description of fundamental particles that later came to be known as bosons
bosh	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
bosnia	n.	the northern part of Bosnia-Herzegovina
bosnia	n.	a mountainous republic of south-central Europe; formerly part of the Ottoman Empire and then a part of Yugoslavia; voted for independence in 1992 but the mostly Serbian army of Yugoslavia refused to accept the vote and began ethnic cleansing in order to rid Bosnia of its Croats and Muslims
bosnian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bosnia-Herzegovina or the people of Bosnia
bosom	n.	the chest considered as the place where secret thoughts are kept
bosom	n.	a person's breast or chest
bosom	n.	cloth that covers the chest or breasts
bosom	n.	a close affectionate and protective acceptance
bosom	n.	the locus of feelings and intuitions
bosom	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
bosom	v.	hide in one's bosom
bosom	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
bosomy	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
bosporus	n.	a strait connecting the Mediterranean and the Black Sea; separates the European and Asian parts of Turkey; an important shipping route
boss	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
boss	n.	a person responsible for hiring workers
boss	n.	a person who exercises control and makes decisions
boss	n.	a leader in a political party who controls votes and dictates appointments
boss	n.	a circular rounded projection or protuberance
boss	n.	wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bovinae or tribe Bovini
boss	v.	raise in a relief
boss	adj.	exceptionally good
bossism	n.	domination of a political organization by a party boss
bossy	adj.	offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power
boston	n.	state capital and largest city of Massachusetts; a major center for banking and financial services
bostonian	n.	a native or resident of Boston
boswell	n.	Scottish author noted for his biography of Samuel Johnson (1740-1795)
boswell	n.	a devoted admirer and recorder of another's words and deeds
bot	n.	botfly larva; typically develops inside the body of a horse or sheep or human
botanic	adj.	of or relating to plants or botany
botanical	n.	a drug made from part of a plant (as the bark or root or leaves)
botanical	adj.	of or relating to plants or botany
botanist	n.	a biologist specializing in the study of plants
botany	n.	all the plant life in a particular region or period
botany	n.	the branch of biology that studies plants
botch	n.	an embarrassing mistake
botch	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
botcher	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
both	adj.	(used with count nouns) two considered together; the two
bother	n.	an angry disturbance
bother	n.	something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness
bother	v.	take the trouble to do something; concern oneself
bother	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
bother	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
bother	v.	intrude or enter uninvited
bother	v.	make nervous or agitated
bother	v.	make confused or perplexed or puzzled
botheration	n.	the psychological state of being irritated or annoyed
botheration	n.	something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness
bothered	v.	take the trouble to do something; concern oneself
bothered	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
bothered	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
bothered	v.	intrude or enter uninvited
bothered	v.	make nervous or agitated
bothered	v.	make confused or perplexed or puzzled
bothered	adj.	caused to show discomposure
bothersome	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
botox	n.	a neurotoxin (trade name Botox) that is used clinically in small quantities to treat strabismus and facial spasms and other neurological disorders characterized by abnormal muscle contractions; is also used by cosmetic surgeons to smooth frown lines temporarily
botswana	n.	a landlocked republic in south-central Africa that became independent from British control in the 1960s
botticelli	n.	Italian painter of mythological and religious paintings (1444-1510)
bottle	n.	a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically cylindrical without handles and with a narrow neck that can be plugged or capped
bottle	n.	the quantity contained in a bottle
bottle	n.	a vessel fitted with a flexible teat and filled with milk or formula; used as a substitute for breast feeding infants and very young children
bottle	v.	store (liquids or gases) in bottles
bottle	v.	put into bottles
bottleneck	n.	a narrowing that reduces the flow through a channel
bottleneck	n.	the narrow part of a bottle near the top
bottleneck	v.	slow down or impede by creating an obstruction
bottleneck	v.	become narrow, like a bottleneck
bottler	n.	a manufacturer that makes and bottles beverages
bottom	n.	the lower side of anything
bottom	n.	the lowest part of anything
bottom	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
bottom	n.	the second half of an inning; while the home team is at bat
bottom	n.	a depression forming the ground under a body of water
bottom	n.	low-lying alluvial land near a river
bottom	n.	a cargo ship
bottom	v.	provide with a bottom or a seat
bottom	v.	strike the ground, as with a ship's bottom
bottom	v.	come to understand
bottom	adj.	situated at the bottom or lowest position
bottom	adj.	the lowest rank
bottomless	adj.	extremely deep
bottomless	adj.	having no bottom
bottomless	adj.	having no apparent limits or bounds
bottomless	adj.	unclothed especially below the waist or featuring such nudeness
botulinum	n.	anaerobic bacterium producing botulin the toxin that causes botulism
botulism	n.	food poisoning from ingesting botulin; not infectious; affects the CNS; can be fatal if not treated promptly
boudoir	n.	a lady's bedroom or private sitting room
bouffant	n.	a woman's hairstyle in which the hair gives a puffy appearance
bouffant	adj.	being puffed out; used of hair style or clothing
bougainvillea	n.	any of several South American ornamental woody vines of the genus Bougainvillea having brilliant red or purple flower bracts; widely grown in warm regions
bough	n.	any of the larger branches of a tree
boughs	n.	any of the larger branches of a tree
bought	v.	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction
bought	v.	make illegal payments to in exchange for favors or influence
bought	v.	be worth or be capable of buying
bought	v.	acquire by trade or sacrifice or exchange
bought	v.	accept as true
bouillabaisse	n.	highly seasoned Mediterranean soup or stew made of several kinds of fish and shellfish with tomatoes and onions or leeks and seasoned with saffron and garlic and herbs
bouillon	n.	a clear seasoned broth
boulder	n.	a large smooth mass of rock detached from its place of origin
boulder	n.	a town in north central Colorado; Rocky Mountains resort center and university town
boules	n.	an inlaid furniture decoration; tortoiseshell and yellow and white metal form scrolls in cabinetwork
boulevard	n.	a wide street or thoroughfare
boulez	n.	French composer of serial music (born in 1925)
bounce	n.	the quality of a substance that is able to rebound
bounce	n.	a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards
bounce	n.	rebounding from an impact (or series of impacts)
bounce	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
bounce	v.	hit something so that it bounces
bounce	v.	move up and down repeatedly
bounce	v.	come back after being refused
bounce	v.	leap suddenly
bounce	v.	refuse to accept and send back
bounce	v.	eject from the premises
bouncer	n.	a person whose duty is to throw troublemakers out of a bar or public meeting
bounciness	n.	the quality of a substance that is able to rebound
bouncy	adj.	elastic; rebounds readily
bouncy	adj.	marked by lively action
bound	n.	a line determining the limits of an area
bound	n.	the line or plane indicating the limit or extent of something
bound	n.	the greatest possible degree of something
bound	n.	a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards
bound	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
bound	v.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to
bound	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
bound	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
bound	v.	stick to firmly
bound	v.	create social or emotional ties
bound	v.	make fast; tie or secure, with or as if with a rope
bound	v.	wrap around with something so as to cover or enclose
bound	v.	secure with or as if with ropes
bound	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
bound	v.	provide with a binding
bound	v.	fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord
bound	v.	form a chemical bond with
bound	v.	cause to be constipated
bound	adj.	confined by bonds
bound	adj.	held with another element, substance or material in chemical or physical union
bound	adj.	secured with a cover or binding; often used as a combining form
bound	adj.	(usually followed by `to') governed by fate
bound	adj.	covered or wrapped with a bandage
bound	adj.	headed or intending to head in a certain direction; often used as a combining form as in `college-bound students'
bound	adj.	bound by an oath
bound	adj.	bound by contract
bound	adj.	confined in the bowels
boundary	n.	the line or plane indicating the limit or extent of something
boundary	n.	a line determining the limits of an area
boundary	n.	the greatest possible degree of something
bounden	adj.	morally obligatory
bounder	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
bounder	n.	someone who bounds or leaps (as in competition)
boundless	adj.	seemingly boundless in amount, number, degree, or especially extent
boundlessness	n.	the quality of being infinite; without bound or limit
bounteous	adj.	given or giving freely
bounteousness	n.	generosity evidenced by a willingness to give freely
bountiful	adj.	given or giving freely
bountiful	adj.	producing in abundance
bountifulness	n.	the property of copious abundance
bounty	n.	payment or reward (especially from a government) for acts such as catching criminals or killing predatory animals or enlisting in the military
bounty	n.	the property of copious abundance
bounty	n.	generosity evidenced by a willingness to give freely
bounty	n.	a ship of the British navy; in 1789 part of the crew mutinied against their commander William Bligh and set him afloat in an open boat
bouquet	n.	an arrangement of flowers that is usually given as a present
bouquet	n.	a pleasingly sweet olfactory property
bourbon	n.	a reactionary politician in the United States (usually from the South)
bourbon	n.	whiskey distilled from a mash of corn and malt and rye and aged in charred oak barrels
bourbon	n.	a member of the European royal family that ruled France
bourbon	n.	a European royal line that ruled in France (from 1589-1793) and Spain and Naples and Sicily
bourgeois	n.	a capitalist who engages in industrial commercial enterprise
bourgeois	n.	a member of the middle class
bourgeois	adj.	(according to Marxist thought) being of the property-owning class and exploitive of the working class
bourgeois	adj.	conforming to the standards and conventions of the middle class
bourgeois	adj.	belonging to the middle class
bourgeoisie	n.	the social class between the lower and upper classes
boustrophedon	n.	an ancient writing system: having alternate lines written in opposite directions; literally `as the ox ploughs'
bout	n.	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive
bout	n.	a period of illness
bout	n.	a contest or fight (especially between boxers or wrestlers)
bout	n.	an occasion for excessive eating or drinking
boutique	n.	a shop that sells women's clothes and jewelry
boutonniere	n.	a flower that is worn in a buttonhole
bovine	n.	any of various members of the genus Bos
bovine	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to the genus Bos (cattle)
bovine	adj.	dull and slow-moving and stolid; like an ox
bow	n.	a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces
bow	n.	a slightly curved piece of resilient wood with taut horsehair strands; used in playing certain stringed instruments
bow	n.	front part of a vessel or aircraft
bow	n.	a weapon for shooting arrows, composed of a curved piece of resilient wood with a taut cord to propel the arrow
bow	n.	something curved in shape
bow	n.	bending the head or body or knee as a sign of reverence or submission or shame or greeting
bow	n.	an appearance by actors or performers at the end of the concert or play in order to acknowledge the applause of the audience
bow	n.	a decorative interlacing of ribbons
bow	n.	a stroke with a curved piece of wood with taut horsehair strands that is used in playing stringed instruments
bow	v.	bend one's knee or body, or lower one's head
bow	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
bow	v.	bend the head or the upper part of the body in a gesture of respect or greeting
bow	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
bow	v.	play on a string instrument with a bow
bowditch	n.	United States mathematician and astronomer noted for his works on navigation (1773-1838)
bowdlerization	n.	written material that has been bowdlerized
bowdlerization	n.	the act of deleting or modifying all passages considered to be indecent
bowdlerize	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
bowed	v.	bend one's knee or body, or lower one's head
bowed	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
bowed	v.	bend the head or the upper part of the body in a gesture of respect or greeting
bowed	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
bowed	v.	play on a string instrument with a bow
bowed	adj.	of a stringed instrument; sounded by stroking with a bow
bowed	adj.	forming or resembling an arch
bowed	adj.	have legs that curve outward at the knees
bowed	adj.	showing an excessively deferential manner
bowel	n.	the part of the alimentary canal between the stomach and the anus
bower	n.	a framework that supports climbing plants
bower	v.	enclose in a bower
bowers	n.	a framework that supports climbing plants
bowers	v.	enclose in a bower
bowery	n.	a street in Manhattan noted for cheap hotels frequented by homeless derelicts
bowery	adj.	like a bower; leafy and shady
bowie	n.	United States pioneer and hero of the Texas revolt against Mexico; he shared command of the garrison that resisted the Mexican attack on the Alamo where he died (1796-1836)
bowl	n.	a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liquids
bowl	n.	a concave shape with an open top
bowl	n.	a dish that is round and open at the top for serving foods
bowl	n.	the quantity contained in a bowl
bowl	n.	a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments
bowl	n.	a large ball with finger holes used in the sport of bowling
bowl	n.	a wooden ball (with flattened sides so that it rolls on a curved course) used in the game of lawn bowling
bowl	n.	a small round container that is open at the top for holding tobacco
bowl	n.	the act of rolling something (as the ball in bowling)
bowl	v.	roll (a ball)
bowl	v.	hurl a cricket ball from one end of the pitch towards the batsman at the other end
bowl	v.	engage in the sport of bowling
bowleg	n.	a leg bowed outward at the knee (or below the knee)
bowleg	adj.	have legs that curve outward at the knees
bowlegged	adj.	have legs that curve outward at the knees
bowler	n.	a cricketer who delivers the ball to the batsman in cricket
bowler	n.	a player who rolls balls down an alley at pins
bowler	n.	a felt hat that is round and hard with a narrow brim
bowlful	n.	the quantity contained in a bowl
bowline	n.	a loop knot that neither slips nor jams
bowling	n.	a game in which balls are rolled at an object or group of objects with the aim of knocking them over or moving them
bowling	n.	(cricket) the act of delivering a cricket ball to the batsman
bowling	n.	the playing of a game of tenpins or duckpins etc
bowling	v.	roll (a ball)
bowling	v.	hurl a cricket ball from one end of the pitch towards the batsman at the other end
bowling	v.	engage in the sport of bowling
bowman	n.	a person who is expert in the use of a bow and arrow
bowmen	n.	a person who is expert in the use of a bow and arrow
bowsprit	n.	a spar projecting from the bow of a vessel
bowstring	n.	the string of an archer's bow
box	n.	a (usually rectangular) container; may have a lid
box	n.	private area in a theater or grandstand where a small group can watch the performance
box	n.	the quantity contained in a box
box	n.	a predicament from which a skillful or graceful escape is impossible
box	n.	a rectangular drawing
box	n.	evergreen shrubs or small trees
box	n.	any one of several designated areas on a ball field where the batter or catcher or coaches are positioned
box	n.	the driver's seat on a coach
box	n.	separate partitioned area in a public place for a few people
box	n.	a blow with the hand (usually on the ear)
box	v.	put into a box
box	v.	hit with the fist
box	v.	engage in a boxing match
boxcar	n.	a freight car with roof and sliding doors in the sides
boxer	n.	someone who fights with his fists for sport
boxer	n.	a workman employed to pack things into containers
boxer	n.	a member of a nationalistic Chinese secret society that led an unsuccessful rebellion in 1900 against foreign interests in China
boxer	n.	a breed of stocky medium-sized short-haired dog with a brindled coat and square-jawed muzzle developed in Germany
boxing	n.	fighting with the fists
boxing	n.	the enclosure of something in a package or box
boxing	v.	put into a box
boxing	v.	hit with the fist
boxing	v.	engage in a boxing match
boxlike	adj.	resembling a box in rectangularity
boxwood	n.	very hard tough close-grained light yellow wood of the box (particularly the common box); used in delicate woodwork: musical instruments and inlays and engraving blocks
boxwood	n.	evergreen shrubs or small trees
boxy	adj.	resembling a box in rectangularity
boy	n.	a youthful male person
boy	n.	a friendly informal reference to a grown man
boy	n.	a male human offspring
boy	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive and disparaging term for Black man
boycott	n.	a group's refusal to have commercial dealings with some organization in protest against its policies
boycott	v.	refuse to sponsor; refuse to do business with
boyfriend	n.	a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman
boyhood	n.	the childhood of a boy
boyish	adj.	befitting or characteristic of a young boy
boyishness	n.	being characteristic of a boy
boyle	n.	United States writer (1902-1992)
boyle	n.	Irish chemist who established that air has weight and whose definitions of chemical elements and chemical reactions helped to dissociate chemistry from alchemy (1627-1691)
boysenberry	n.	cultivated hybrid bramble of California having large dark wine-red fruit with a flavor resembling raspberries
boysenberry	n.	large raspberry-flavored fruit; cross between blackberries and raspberries
bozo	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
bozo	n.	an informal term for a youth or man
bpm	n.	the pace of music measured by the number of beats occurring in 60 seconds
bps	n.	(computer science) the rate at which data is transferred (as by a modem)
br	n.	a nonmetallic heavy volatile corrosive dark brown liquid element belonging to the halogens; found in sea water
br	n.	a Marxist-Leninist terrorist organization that arose out of a student protest movement in the late 1960s; wants to separate Italy from NATO and advocates violence in the service of class warfare and revolution; mostly inactive since 1989
bra	n.	an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts
brace	n.	a support that steadies or strengthens something else
brace	n.	two items of the same kind
brace	n.	a set of two similar things considered as a unit
brace	n.	either of two punctuation marks ({ or }) used to enclose textual material
brace	n.	a rope on a square-rigged ship that is used to swing a yard about and secure it
brace	n.	elastic straps that hold trousers up (usually used in the plural)
brace	n.	an appliance that corrects dental irregularities
brace	n.	a carpenter's tool having a crank handle for turning and a socket to hold a bit for boring
brace	n.	a structural member used to stiffen a framework
brace	v.	prepare (oneself) for something unpleasant or difficult
brace	v.	support or hold steady and make steadfast, with or as if with a brace
brace	v.	support by bracing
brace	v.	cause to be alert and energetic
bracelet	n.	a band of cloth or leather or metal links attached to a wristwatch and wrapped around the wrist
bracelet	n.	jewelry worn around the wrist for decoration
bracer	n.	a protective covering for the wrist or arm that is used in archery and fencing and other sports
bracer	n.	a tonic or restorative (especially a drink of liquor)
bracero	n.	a Mexican laborer who worked in the United States on farms and railroads in order to ease labor shortages during World War II
bracken	n.	fern of southeastern Asia; not hardy in cold temperate regions
bracken	n.	large coarse fern often several feet high; essentially weed ferns; cosmopolitan
bracket	n.	a category falling within certain defined limits
bracket	n.	either of two punctuation marks (`<' or `>') used in computer programming and sometimes used to enclose textual material
bracket	n.	either of two punctuation marks ([ or ]) used to enclose textual material
bracket	n.	a support projecting from a wall (as to hold a shelf)
bracket	v.	support with brackets
bracket	v.	place into brackets
bracket	v.	classify or group
brackish	adj.	distasteful and unpleasant; spoiled by mixture
brackish	adj.	slightly salty (especially from containing a mixture of seawater and fresh water)
brackishness	n.	the quality of being salty, as the saltiness of water
bract	n.	a modified leaf or leaflike part just below and protecting an inflorescence
brad	n.	a small nail
brad	v.	fasten with brads
bradawl	n.	an awl for making small holes for brads or small screws
bradbury	n.	United States writer of science fiction (born 1920)
bradford	n.	United States printer (born in England) whose press produced the first American prayer book and the New York City's first newspaper (1663-1752)
bradley	n.	United States politician who was elected the first black mayor of Los Angeles (1917-1998)
bradley	n.	United States general who played an important role in the Allied victory in World War II (1893-1981)
bradstreet	n.	poet in colonial America (born in England) (1612-1672)
brady	n.	United States pioneer photographer famous for his portraits; was the official Union photographer for the American Civil War (1823-1896)
brady	n.	United States financier noted for his love of diamonds and his extravagant lifestyle (1856-1917)
bradycardia	n.	abnormally slow heartbeat
brae	n.	a slope or hillside
brag	n.	an instance of boastful talk
brag	v.	show off
brag	adj.	exceptionally good
bragg	n.	Confederate general during the American Civil War who was defeated by Grant in the battle of Chattanooga (1817-1876)
braggadocio	n.	vain and empty boasting
braggart	n.	a very boastful and talkative person
braggart	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
bragged	v.	show off
bragger	n.	a very boastful and talkative person
bragging	n.	an instance of boastful talk
bragging	v.	show off
bragging	adj.	exhibiting self-importance
brahe	n.	Danish astronomer whose observations of the planets provided the basis for Kepler's laws of planetary motion (1546-1601)
brahma	n.	the Creator; one of the three major deities in the later Hindu pantheon
brahma	n.	any of several breeds of Indian cattle; especially a large American heat and tick resistant greyish humped breed evolved in the Gulf States by interbreeding Indian cattle and now used chiefly for crossbreeding
brahman	n.	a member of a social and cultural elite (especially a descendant of an old New England family)
brahman	n.	a member of the highest of the four Hindu varnas
brahman	n.	the highest of the four varnas: the priestly or sacerdotal category
brahman	n.	any of several breeds of Indian cattle; especially a large American heat and tick resistant greyish humped breed evolved in the Gulf States by interbreeding Indian cattle and now used chiefly for crossbreeding
brahmanism	n.	the religious and social system of orthodox Hinduism
brahmanism	n.	the religious beliefs of ancient India as prescribed in the sacred Vedas and Brahmanas and Upanishads
brahmaputra	n.	an Asian river; flows into the Bay of Bengal
brahms	n.	German composer who developed the romantic style of both lyrical and classical music (1833-1897)
brahms	n.	the music of Brahms
braid	n.	a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair
braid	n.	trimming used to decorate clothes or curtains
braid	v.	make by braiding or interlacing
braid	v.	decorate with braids or ribbons
braid	v.	form or weave into a braid or braids
braiding	n.	trimming used to decorate clothes or curtains
braiding	v.	make by braiding or interlacing
braiding	v.	decorate with braids or ribbons
braiding	v.	form or weave into a braid or braids
braille	n.	French educator who lost his sight at the age of three and who invented a system of writing and printing for sightless people (1809-1852)
braille	n.	a point system of writing in which patterns of raised dots represent letters and numerals
braille	v.	transcribe in braille
brain	n.	that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord
brain	n.	mental ability
brain	n.	that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason
brain	n.	someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality
brain	n.	the brain of certain animals used as meat
brain	v.	hit on the head
brain	v.	kill by smashing someone's skull
brainchild	n.	a product of your creative thinking and work
brainchildren	n.	a product of your creative thinking and work
brainless	adj.	not using intelligence
brainpower	n.	mental ability
brainstorm	n.	the clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation
brainstorm	v.	try to solve a problem by thinking intensely about it
brainstorming	n.	a group problem-solving technique in which members spontaneously share ideas and solutions
brainstorming	v.	try to solve a problem by thinking intensely about it
brainwash	v.	persuade completely, often through coercion
brainwash	v.	submit to brainwashing; indoctrinate forcibly
brainwashing	n.	forcible indoctrination into a new set of attitudes and beliefs
brainwashing	v.	persuade completely, often through coercion
brainwashing	v.	submit to brainwashing; indoctrinate forcibly
brainwave	n.	(neurophysiology) rapid fluctuations of voltage between parts of the cerebral cortex that are detectable with an electroencephalograph
brainwave	n.	the clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation
brainy	adj.	having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence
braise	v.	cook in liquid
brake	n.	a restraint used to slow or stop a vehicle
brake	n.	any of various ferns of the genus Pteris having pinnately compound leaves and including several popular houseplants
brake	n.	large coarse fern often several feet high; essentially weed ferns; cosmopolitan
brake	n.	an area thickly overgrown usually with one kind of plant
brake	n.	anything that slows or hinders a process
brake	v.	stop travelling by applying a brake
brake	v.	cause to stop by applying the brakes
brakeman	n.	a railroad employee responsible for a train's brakes
brakemen	n.	a railroad employee responsible for a train's brakes
bramble	n.	any of various rough thorny shrubs or vines
brambly	adj.	covered with brambles and ferns and other undergrowth
bran	n.	broken husks of the seeds of cereal grains that are separated from the flour by sifting
bran	n.	food prepared from the husks of cereal grains
branch	n.	a division of some larger or more complex organization
branch	n.	a division of a stem, or secondary stem arising from the main stem of a plant
branch	n.	a part of a forked or branching shape
branch	n.	a natural consequence of development
branch	n.	a stream or river connected to a larger one
branch	n.	any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm
branch	v.	grow and send out branches or branch-like structures
branch	v.	divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork
brand	n.	a name given to a product or service
brand	n.	a recognizable kind
brand	n.	identification mark on skin, made by burning
brand	n.	a piece of wood that has been burned or is burning
brand	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
brand	n.	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard
brand	v.	burn with a branding iron to indicate ownership; of animals
brand	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
brand	v.	mark with a brand or trademark
brand	v.	mark or expose as infamous
branded	v.	burn with a branding iron to indicate ownership; of animals
branded	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
branded	v.	mark with a brand or trademark
branded	v.	mark or expose as infamous
branded	adj.	(of goods and merchandise) marked or labeled by a distinctive word or symbol indicating exclusive rights
branded	adj.	marked with a brand
brandenburg	n.	the territory of an Elector (of the Holy Roman Empire) that expanded to become the kingdom of Prussia in 1701
brandish	n.	the act of waving
brandish	v.	move or swing back and forth
brandish	v.	exhibit aggressively
brandt	n.	German statesman who as chancellor of West Germany worked to reduce tensions with eastern Europe (1913-1992)
brandy	n.	distilled from wine or fermented fruit juice
brant	n.	small dark geese that breed in the north and migrate southward
braque	n.	French painter who led the cubist movement (1882-1963)
brash	adj.	offensively bold
brashness	n.	tasteless showiness
brashness	n.	the trait of being rash and hasty
brasilia	n.	the capital of Brazil; a city built on the central plateau and inaugurated in 1960
brass	n.	an alloy of copper and zinc
brass	n.	a wind instrument that consists of a brass tube (usually of variable length) that is blown by means of a cup-shaped or funnel-shaped mouthpiece
brass	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
brass	n.	impudent aggressiveness
brass	n.	an ornament or utensil made of brass
brass	n.	the section of a band or orchestra that plays brass instruments
brass	n.	a memorial made of brass
brasserie	n.	a small restaurant serving beer and wine as well as food; usually cheap
brassiere	n.	an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts
brassy	adj.	resembling the sound of a brass instrument
brassy	adj.	tastelessly showy
brassy	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
brat	n.	a very troublesome child
brat	n.	a small pork sausage
bratislava	n.	capital and largest city of Slovakia
bratty	adj.	(used of an ill-mannered child) impolitely unruly
bratwurst	n.	a small pork sausage
bravado	n.	a swaggering show of courage
brave	n.	a North American Indian warrior
brave	n.	people who are brave
brave	v.	face and withstand with courage
brave	adj.	possessing or displaying courage; able to face and deal with danger or fear without flinching; - Herman Melville; - William Wordsworth
brave	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
brave	adj.	brightly colored and showy
braveness	n.	a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear
bravery	n.	a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear
bravery	n.	feeling no fear
bravo	n.	a murderer (especially one who kills a prominent political figure) who kills by a surprise attack and often is hired to do the deed
bravo	n.	a cry of approval as from an audience at the end of great performance
bravo	v.	applaud with shouts of `bravo' or `brava'
bravura	n.	brilliant and showy technical skill
brawl	n.	an uproarious party
brawl	n.	a noisy fight in a crowd
brawl	v.	to quarrel noisily, angrily or disruptively
brawler	n.	a fighter (especially one who participates in brawls)
brawn	n.	possessing muscular strength
brawniness	n.	possessing muscular strength
brawny	adj.	(of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful
bray	n.	the cry of an ass
bray	v.	braying characteristic of donkeys
bray	v.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading
bray	v.	laugh loudly and harshly
braze	v.	solder together by using hard solder with a high melting point
brazen	v.	face with defiance or impudence
brazen	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
brazen	adj.	made of or resembling brass (as in color or hardness)
brazenness	n.	behavior marked by a bold defiance of the proprieties and lack of shame
brazier	n.	large metal container in which coal or charcoal is burned; warms people who must stay outside for long times
brazil	n.	the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in the world; located in the central and northeastern part of South America; world's leading coffee exporter
brazil	n.	three-sided tropical American nut with white oily meat and hard brown shell
brazilian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Brazil
brazilian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Brazil or the people of Brazil
brazos	n.	a river that rises in Mexico and flows across Texas into the Gulf of Mexico
brazzaville	n.	the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo
breach	n.	a failure to perform some promised act or obligation
breach	n.	an opening (especially a gap in a dike or fortification)
breach	n.	a personal or social separation (as between opposing factions)
breach	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
breach	v.	make an opening or gap in
bread	n.	food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking powder and then baked
bread	n.	informal terms for money
bread	v.	cover with bread crumbs
breadbasket	n.	a geographic region serving as the principal source of grain
breadbasket	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
breadbasket	n.	a basket for serving bread
breadboard	n.	a wooden or plastic board on which dough is kneaded or bread is sliced
breadbox	n.	a container used to keep bread or cake in
breadcrumb	n.	crumb of bread; used especially for coating or thickening
breadfruit	n.	native to Pacific islands and having edible fruit with a texture like bread
breadfruit	n.	a large round seedless or seeded fruit with a texture like bread; eaten boiled or baked or roasted or ground into flour; the roasted seeds resemble chestnuts
breadline	n.	a queue of people waiting for free food
breadth	n.	the capacity to understand a broad range of topics
breadth	n.	the extent of something from side to side
breadths	n.	the capacity to understand a broad range of topics
breadths	n.	the extent of something from side to side
breadwinner	n.	one whose earnings are the primary source of support for their dependents
break	n.	some abrupt occurrence that interrupts an ongoing activity
break	n.	an unexpected piece of good luck
break	n.	(geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one side with respect to the other
break	n.	a personal or social separation (as between opposing factions)
break	n.	a pause from doing something (as work)
break	n.	the act of breaking something
break	n.	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
break	n.	breaking of hard tissue such as bone
break	n.	the occurrence of breaking
break	n.	an abrupt change in the tone or register of the voice (as at puberty or due to emotion)
break	n.	the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool
break	n.	(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving
break	n.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity
break	n.	a sudden dash
break	n.	any frame in which a bowler fails to make a strike or spare
break	n.	an escape from jail
break	v.	terminate
break	v.	become separated into pieces or fragments
break	v.	render inoperable or ineffective
break	v.	ruin completely
break	v.	destroy the integrity of; usually by force; cause to separate into pieces or fragments
break	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
break	v.	move away or escape suddenly
break	v.	scatter or part
break	v.	force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up
break	v.	prevent completion
break	v.	enter someone's (virtual or real) property in an unauthorized manner, usually with the intent to steal or commit a violent act
break	v.	make submissive, obedient, or useful
break	v.	fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns
break	v.	surpass in excellence
break	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
break	v.	come into being
break	v.	stop operating or functioning
break	v.	interrupt a continued activity
break	v.	make a rupture in the ranks of the enemy or one's own by quitting or fleeing
break	v.	curl over and fall apart in surf or foam, of waves
break	v.	lessen in force or effect
break	v.	be broken in
break	v.	come to an end
break	v.	vary or interrupt a uniformity or continuity
break	v.	cause to give up a habit
break	v.	give up
break	v.	come forth or begin from a state of latency
break	v.	happen or take place
break	v.	cause the failure or ruin of
break	v.	invalidate by judicial action
break	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
break	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
break	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
break	v.	change directions suddenly
break	v.	emerge from the surface of a body of water
break	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
break	v.	do a break dance
break	v.	exchange for smaller units of money
break	v.	destroy the completeness of a set of related items
break	v.	make the opening shot that scatters the balls
break	v.	separate from a clinch, in boxing
break	v.	go to pieces
break	v.	break a piece from a whole
break	v.	become punctured or penetrated
break	v.	pierce or penetrate
break	v.	be released or become known; of news
break	v.	cease an action temporarily
break	v.	interrupt the flow of current in
break	v.	undergo breaking
break	v.	find a flaw in
break	v.	find the solution or key to
break	v.	change suddenly from one tone quality or register to another
break	v.	happen
break	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
break	v.	crack; of the male voice in puberty
break	v.	fall sharply
break	v.	fracture a bone of
break	v.	diminish or discontinue abruptly
break	v.	weaken or destroy in spirit or body
breakable	n.	an article that is fragile and easily broken
breakable	adj.	capable of being broken or damaged
breakage	n.	the quantity broken
breakage	n.	reimbursement for goods damaged while in transit or in use
breakage	n.	the act of breaking something
breakaway	n.	the act of breaking away or withdrawing from
breakaway	adj.	having separated or advocating separation from another entity or policy or attitude
breakdown	n.	the act of disrupting an established order so it fails to continue
breakdown	n.	a mental or physical breakdown
breakdown	n.	a cessation of normal operation
breakdown	n.	an analysis into mutually exclusive categories
breaker	n.	a quarry worker who splits off blocks of stone
breaker	n.	waves breaking on the shore
breaker	n.	a device that trips like a switch and opens the circuit when overloaded
breakfast	n.	the first meal of the day (usually in the morning)
breakfast	v.	eat an early morning meal
breakfast	v.	provide breakfast for
breakneck	adj.	moving at very high speed
breakout	n.	an escape from jail
breakthrough	n.	a productive insight
breakthrough	n.	making an important discovery
breakthrough	n.	a penetration of a barrier such as an enemy's defense
breakthroughs	n.	a productive insight
breakthroughs	n.	making an important discovery
breakthroughs	n.	a penetration of a barrier such as an enemy's defense
breakup	n.	the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations)
breakup	n.	coming apart
breakwater	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
bream	n.	flesh of various freshwater fishes of North America or of Europe
bream	n.	flesh of any of various saltwater fishes of the family Sparidae or the family Bramidae
bream	n.	any of numerous marine percoid fishes especially (but not exclusively) of the family Sparidae
bream	n.	any of various usually edible freshwater percoid fishes having compressed bodies and shiny scales; especially (but not exclusively) of the genus Lepomis
bream	v.	clean (a ship's bottom) with heat
breast	n.	the front of the trunk from the neck to the abdomen
breast	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
breast	n.	meat carved from the breast of a fowl
breast	n.	the part of an animal's body that corresponds to a person's chest
breast	v.	meet at breast level
breast	v.	reach the summit (of a mountain)
breast	v.	confront bodily
breastbone	n.	the flat bone that articulates with the clavicles and the first seven pairs of ribs
breastfeed	v.	give suck to
breastplate	n.	armor plate that protects the chest; the front part of a cuirass
breaststroke	n.	a swimming stroke; the arms are extended together in front of the head and swept back on either side accompanied by a frog kick
breaststroke	v.	swim with the face down and extend the arms forward and outward while kicking with the leg
breastwork	n.	fortification consisting of a low wall
breath	n.	the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing
breath	n.	the air that is inhaled and exhaled in respiration
breath	n.	a short respite
breath	n.	an indirect suggestion
breath	n.	a slight movement of the air
breathalyze	v.	test someone's alcohol level in his blood by means of a breathalyzer
breathalyzer	n.	a device that measures chemicals (especially the alcohol content) in a person's expired breath
breathe	v.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs
breathe	v.	be alive
breathe	v.	impart as if by breathing
breathe	v.	allow the passage of air through
breathe	v.	utter or tell
breathe	v.	manifest or evince
breathe	v.	take a short break from one's activities in order to relax
breathe	v.	reach full flavor by absorbing air and being let to stand after having been uncorked
breathe	v.	expel (gases or odors)
breather	n.	a short respite
breather	n.	air passage provided by a retractable device containing intake and exhaust pipes; permits a submarine to stay submerged for extended periods of time
breathing	n.	the bodily process of inhalation and exhalation; the process of taking in oxygen from inhaled air and releasing carbon dioxide by exhalation
breathing	v.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs
breathing	v.	be alive
breathing	v.	impart as if by breathing
breathing	v.	allow the passage of air through
breathing	v.	utter or tell
breathing	v.	manifest or evince
breathing	v.	take a short break from one's activities in order to relax
breathing	v.	reach full flavor by absorbing air and being let to stand after having been uncorked
breathing	v.	expel (gases or odors)
breathing	adj.	passing or able to pass air in and out of the lungs normally; sometimes used in combination
breathless	adj.	not breathing or able to breathe except with difficulty
breathless	adj.	tending to cause suspension of regular breathing
breathless	adj.	appearing dead; not breathing or having no perceptible pulse
breathlessness	n.	a dyspneic condition
breaths	n.	the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing
breaths	n.	the air that is inhaled and exhaled in respiration
breaths	n.	a short respite
breaths	n.	an indirect suggestion
breaths	n.	a slight movement of the air
breathtaking	adj.	tending to cause suspension of regular breathing
brecht	n.	German dramatist and poet who developed a style of epic theater (1898-1956)
bred	v.	call forth
bred	v.	copulate with a female, used especially of horses
bred	v.	cause to procreate (animals)
bred	v.	have young (animals) or reproduce (organisms)
breech	n.	opening in the rear of the barrel of a gun where bullets can be loaded
breed	n.	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species
breed	n.	a special type
breed	v.	call forth
breed	v.	copulate with a female, used especially of horses
breed	v.	cause to procreate (animals)
breed	v.	have young (animals) or reproduce (organisms)
breeder	n.	a person who breeds animals
breeding	n.	elegance by virtue of fineness of manner and expression
breeding	n.	the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct social behavior)
breeding	n.	helping someone grow up to be an accepted member of the community
breeding	n.	the production of animals or plants by inbreeding or hybridization
breeding	n.	the sexual activity of conceiving and bearing offspring
breeding	v.	call forth
breeding	v.	copulate with a female, used especially of horses
breeding	v.	cause to procreate (animals)
breeding	v.	have young (animals) or reproduce (organisms)
breeding	adj.	producing offspring or set aside especially for producing offspring
breeze	n.	a slight wind (usually refreshing)
breeze	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
breeze	v.	blow gently and lightly
breeze	v.	to proceed quickly and easily
breezily	adv.	in a breezy manner
breeziness	n.	a mildly windy state of the air
breeziness	n.	a breezy liveliness
breezy	adj.	fresh and animated
breezy	adj.	abounding in or exposed to the wind or breezes
bremen	n.	a city of northwestern Germany linked by the Weser River to the port of Bremerhaven and the North Sea; in the Middle Ages it was a leading member of the Hanseatic League
brent	n.	small dark geese that breed in the north and migrate southward
brest	n.	a port city in northwestern France (in Brittany); the chief naval station of France
brethren	n.	(plural) the lay members of a male religious order
brethren	n.	a male with the same parents as someone else
brethren	n.	a male person who is a fellow member (of a fraternity or religion or other group)
brethren	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
brethren	n.	used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement
brethren	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a monk and used as form of address
breton	n.	a native or inhabitant of Brittany (especially one who speaks the Breton language)
breton	n.	a Celtic language of Brittany
breve	n.	a diacritical mark (U-shaped) placed over a vowel to indicate a short sound
brevet	n.	a document entitling a commissioned officer to hold a higher rank temporarily (but without higher pay)
brevet	v.	promote somebody by brevet, in the military
brevetted	v.	promote somebody by brevet, in the military
brevetting	v.	promote somebody by brevet, in the military
breviary	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a book of prayers to be recited daily certain priests and members of religious orders
brevity	n.	the use of brief expressions
brevity	n.	the attribute of being brief or fleeting
brew	n.	drink made by steeping and boiling and fermenting rather than distilling
brew	v.	prepare by brewing
brew	v.	sit or let sit in boiling water so as to extract the flavor
brewer	n.	someone who brews beer or ale from malt and hops and water
brewer	n.	the owner or manager of a brewery
brewery	n.	a plant where beer is brewed by fermentation
brewpub	n.	a combination brewery and restaurant; beer is brewed for consumption on the premises and served along with food
brezhnev	n.	Soviet statesman who became president of the Soviet Union (1906-1982)
bribe	n.	payment made to a person in a position of trust to corrupt his judgment
bribe	v.	make illegal payments to in exchange for favors or influence
briber	n.	someone who pays (or otherwise incites) you to commit a wrongful act
bribery	n.	the practice of offering something (usually money) in order to gain an illicit advantage
brick	n.	rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or in a kiln; used as a building or paving material
brick	n.	a good fellow; helpful and trustworthy
brickbat	n.	a fragment of brick used as a weapon
brickbat	n.	blunt criticism
bricklayer	n.	a craftsman skilled in building with bricks
bricklaying	n.	the craft of laying bricks
brickwork	n.	masonry done with bricks and mortar
brickyard	n.	a place where bricks are made and sold
bridal	n.	archaic terms for a wedding or wedding feast
bridal	adj.	of or relating to a wedding
bridal	adj.	of or pertaining to a bride
bride	n.	a woman who has recently been married
bride	n.	Irish abbess; a patron saint of Ireland (453-523)
bride	n.	a woman participant in her own marriage ceremony
bridegroom	n.	a man who has recently been married
bridegroom	n.	a man participant in his own marriage ceremony
bridesmaid	n.	an unmarried woman who attends the bride at a wedding
bridge	n.	a structure that allows people or vehicles to cross an obstacle such as a river or canal or railway etc.
bridge	n.	a circuit consisting of two branches (4 arms arranged in a diamond configuration) across which a meter is connected
bridge	n.	something resembling a bridge in form or function
bridge	n.	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose
bridge	n.	any of various card games based on whist for four players
bridge	n.	a wooden support that holds the strings up
bridge	n.	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth
bridge	n.	the link between two lenses; rests on the nose
bridge	n.	an upper deck where a ship is steered and the captain stands
bridge	v.	connect or reduce the distance between
bridge	v.	make a bridge across
bridge	v.	cross over on a bridge
bridgeable	adj.	capable of being connected by a bridge or as if by a bridge
bridgehead	n.	an area in hostile territory that has been captured and is held awaiting further troops and supplies
bridgehead	n.	a defensive post at the end of a bridge nearest to the enemy
bridgeport	n.	a port in southwestern Connecticut on Long Island Sound
bridges	n.	United States labor leader who organized the longshoremen (1901-1990)
bridges	n.	a structure that allows people or vehicles to cross an obstacle such as a river or canal or railway etc.
bridges	n.	a circuit consisting of two branches (4 arms arranged in a diamond configuration) across which a meter is connected
bridges	n.	something resembling a bridge in form or function
bridges	n.	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose
bridges	n.	any of various card games based on whist for four players
bridges	n.	a wooden support that holds the strings up
bridges	n.	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth
bridges	n.	the link between two lenses; rests on the nose
bridges	n.	an upper deck where a ship is steered and the captain stands
bridges	v.	connect or reduce the distance between
bridges	v.	make a bridge across
bridges	v.	cross over on a bridge
bridget	n.	Irish abbess; a patron saint of Ireland (453-523)
bridgetown	n.	capital of Barbados; a port city on the southwestern coast of Barbados
bridgework	n.	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth
bridle	n.	headgear for a horse; includes a headstall and bit and reins to give the rider or driver control
bridle	n.	the act of restraining power or action or limiting excess
bridle	v.	anger or take offense
bridle	v.	put a bridle on
bridle	v.	respond to the reins, as of horses
bridled	v.	anger or take offense
bridled	v.	put a bridle on
bridled	v.	respond to the reins, as of horses
brie	n.	soft creamy white cheese; milder than Camembert
brief	n.	a document stating the facts and points of law of a client's case
brief	n.	a condensed written summary or abstract
brief	v.	give essential information to someone
brief	adj.	of short duration or distance
brief	adj.	concise and succinct
brief	adj.	(of clothing) very short
briefcase	n.	a case with a handle; for carrying papers or files or books
briefer	adj.	of short duration or distance
briefer	adj.	concise and succinct
briefer	adj.	(of clothing) very short
briefing	n.	detailed instructions, as for a military operation
briefing	v.	give essential information to someone
briefly	adv.	for a short time
briefly	adv.	in a concise manner; in a few words
briefness	n.	the temporal property of being very short
briefness	n.	the attribute of being brief or fleeting
brier	n.	tangled mass of prickly plants
brier	n.	a thorny stem or twig
brier	n.	Eurasian rose with prickly stems and fragrant leaves and bright pink flowers followed by scarlet hips
brier	n.	a very prickly woody vine of the eastern United States growing in tangled masses having tough round stems with shiny leathery leaves and small greenish flowers followed by clusters of inedible shiny black berries
brier	n.	evergreen treelike Mediterranean shrub having fragrant white flowers in large terminal panicles and hard woody roots used to make tobacco pipes
brig	n.	two-masted sailing vessel square-rigged on both masts
brig	n.	a penal institution (especially on board a ship)
brigade	n.	army unit smaller than a division
brigade	v.	form or unite into a brigade
brigadier	n.	a general officer ranking below a major general
brigand	n.	an armed thief who is (usually) a member of a band
brigantine	n.	two-masted sailing vessel square-rigged on the foremast and fore-and-aft rigged on the mainmast
bright	adj.	emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts
bright	adj.	having striking color
bright	adj.	characterized by quickness and ease in learning
bright	adj.	having lots of light either natural or artificial
bright	adj.	made smooth and bright by or as if by rubbing; reflecting a sheen or glow
bright	adj.	splendid
bright	adj.	not made dim or less bright
bright	adj.	clear and sharp and ringing
bright	adj.	characterized by happiness or gladness
bright	adj.	full or promise
bright	adv.	with brightness
brighten	v.	make lighter or brighter
brighten	v.	become clear
brightness	n.	the location of a visual perception along a continuum from black to white
brightness	n.	intelligence as manifested in being quick and witty
brightness	n.	the quality of being luminous; emitting or reflecting light
brighton	n.	a city in East Sussex in southern England that is a popular resort; site of the University of Sussex
brigid	n.	Irish abbess; a patron saint of Ireland (453-523)
brill	n.	European food fish
brilliance	n.	a light within the field of vision that is brighter than the brightness to which the eyes are adapted
brilliance	n.	the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
brilliance	n.	unusual mental ability
brilliancy	n.	a quality that outshines the usual
brilliant	adj.	of surpassing excellence
brilliant	adj.	having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence
brilliant	adj.	characterized by grandeur
brilliant	adj.	having striking color
brilliant	adj.	full of light; shining intensely
brilliant	adj.	clear and sharp and ringing
brilliantine	n.	a pomade to make the hair manageable and lustrous
brim	n.	the top edge of a vessel or other container
brim	n.	a circular projection that sticks outward from the crown of a hat
brim	v.	be completely full
brim	v.	fill as much as possible
brimful	adj.	filled to capacity
brimless	adj.	without a brim
brimmed	v.	be completely full
brimmed	v.	fill as much as possible
brimming	v.	be completely full
brimming	v.	fill as much as possible
brimming	adj.	filled to capacity
brimstone	n.	an old name for sulfur
brindle	adj.	having a grey or brown streak or a pattern or a patchy coloring; used especially of the patterned fur of cats
brine	n.	water containing salts
brine	n.	a strong solution of salt and water used for pickling
brine	v.	soak in brine
bring	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
bring	v.	cause to come into a particular state or condition
bring	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
bring	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
bring	v.	bring into a different state
bring	v.	be accompanied by
bring	v.	advance or set forth in court; ,
bring	v.	bestow a quality on
bring	v.	be sold for a certain price
bring	v.	attract the attention of
bring	v.	induce or persuade
brininess	n.	the relative proportion of salt in a solution
brink	n.	a region marking a boundary
brink	n.	the edge of a steep place
brink	n.	the limit beyond which something happens or changes
brinkmanship	n.	the policy of pushing a dangerous situation to the brink of disaster (to the limits of safety)
briny	n.	any very large body of (salt) water
briny	adj.	slightly salty (especially from containing a mixture of seawater and fresh water)
brioche	n.	a light roll rich with eggs and butter and somewhat sweet
briquette	n.	a block made from charcoal or coal dust and burned as fuel
brisbane	n.	capital and largest city of Queensland state; located in the southeastern corner of Queensland on the Pacific; settled by British as a penal colony; 3rd largest city in Australia
brisk	v.	become brisk
brisk	adj.	quick and energetic
brisk	adj.	imparting vitality and energy
brisk	adj.	very active
brisket	n.	a cut of meat from the breast or lower chest especially of beef
briskness	n.	liveliness and eagerness
bristle	n.	a stiff fiber (coarse hair or filament); natural or synthetic
bristle	n.	a stiff hair
bristle	v.	be in a state of movement or action
bristle	v.	rise up as in fear
bristle	v.	have or be thickly covered with or as if with bristles
bristle	v.	react in an offended or angry manner
bristly	adj.	very irritable
bristly	adj.	having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns or setae etc.
bristol	n.	an industrial city and port in southwestern England near the mouth of the River Avon
brit	n.	a native or inhabitant of Great Britain
brit	n.	the young of a herring or sprat or similar fish
brit	n.	minute crustaceans forming food for right whales
britain	n.	a monarchy in northwestern Europe occupying most of the British Isles; divided into England and Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland; `Great Britain' is often used loosely to refer to the United Kingdom
britannic	adj.	of Britain
britches	n.	informal term for breeches
briticism	n.	an expression that is used in Great Britain (especially as contrasted with American English)
british	n.	the people of Great Britain
british	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Great Britain or its people or culture
britisher	n.	a native or inhabitant of Great Britain
briton	n.	a native or inhabitant of Great Britain
briton	n.	an inhabitant of southern Britain prior to the Anglo-Saxon invasions
briton	adj.	characteristic of or associated with the Britons
britt	n.	the young of a herring or sprat or similar fish
britt	n.	minute crustaceans forming food for right whales
brittany	n.	a former province of northwestern France on a peninsula between the English Channel and the Bay of Biscay
britten	n.	major English composer of the 20th century; noted for his operas (1913-1976)
brittle	n.	caramelized sugar cooled in thin sheets
brittle	adj.	having little elasticity; hence easily cracked or fractured or snapped
brittle	adj.	lacking warmth and generosity of spirit
brittle	adj.	(of metal or glass) not annealed and consequently easily cracked or fractured
brittleness	n.	firm but easily broken
brno	n.	an industrial city in Moravia in Czech Republic to the southeast of Prague
broach	n.	a decorative pin worn by women
broach	v.	bring up a topic for discussion
broad	n.	slang term for a woman
broad	adj.	having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other
broad	adj.	broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner
broad	adj.	not detailed or specific
broad	adj.	lacking subtlety; obvious
broad	adj.	being at a peak or culminating point
broad	adj.	very large in expanse or scope
broad	adj.	(of speech) heavily and noticeably regional
broad	adj.	showing or characterized by broad-mindedness
broadband	adj.	of or relating to or being a communications network in which the bandwidth can be divided and shared by multiple simultaneous signals (as for voice or data or video)
broadband	adj.	responding to or operating at a wide band of frequencies
broadcast	n.	message that is transmitted by radio or television
broadcast	n.	a radio or television show
broadcast	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
broadcast	v.	sow over a wide area, especially by hand
broadcast	v.	cause to become widely known
broadcaster	n.	someone who broadcasts on radio or television
broadcaster	n.	a mechanical device for scattering something (seed or fertilizer or sand etc.) in all directions
broadcasting	n.	a medium that disseminates via telecommunications
broadcasting	n.	taking part in a radio or tv program
broadcasting	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
broadcasting	v.	sow over a wide area, especially by hand
broadcasting	v.	cause to become widely known
broadcloth	n.	a densely textured woolen fabric with a lustrous finish
broadcloth	n.	a closely woven silk or synthetic fabric with a narrow crosswise rib
broaden	v.	make broader
broaden	v.	extend in scope or range or area
broaden	v.	vary in order to spread risk or to expand
broaden	v.	become broader
broadloom	n.	a carpet woven on a wide loom to obviate the need for seams
broadloom	adj.	(of rugs or carpets) woven full width
broadness	n.	the property of being wide; having great width
broadsheet	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
broadside	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
broadside	n.	a speech of violent denunciation
broadside	n.	all of the armament that is fired from one side of a warship
broadside	n.	the whole side of a vessel from stem to stern
broadside	n.	the simultaneous firing of all the armament on one side of a warship
broadside	v.	collide with the broad side of
broadside	adj.	toward a full side
broadside	adv.	with a side facing an object
broadsword	n.	a sword with a broad blade and (usually) two cutting edges; used to cut rather than stab
broadway	n.	a street in Manhattan that passes through Times Square; famous for its theaters
brobdingnag	n.	a land imagined by Jonathan Swift where everything was enormous
brobdingnagian	adj.	huge; relating to or characteristic of the imaginary country of Brobdingnag
brobdingnagian	adj.	unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.R.Inge
brocade	n.	thick heavy expensive material with a raised pattern
brocade	v.	weave a design into (textiles)
broccoli	n.	plant with dense clusters of tight green flower buds
broccoli	n.	branched green undeveloped flower heads
brochette	n.	a small spit or skewer
brochure	n.	a small book usually having a paper cover
brogan	n.	a thick and heavy shoe
brogue	n.	a thick and heavy shoe
broil	n.	cooking by direct exposure to radiant heat (as over a fire or under a grill)
broil	v.	cook under a broiler
broil	v.	heat by a natural force
broil	v.	be very hot, due to hot weather or exposure to the sun
broiler	n.	an oven or part of a stove used for broiling
broiler	n.	flesh of a small young chicken not over 2 1/2 lb suitable for broiling
broke	v.	terminate
broke	v.	become separated into pieces or fragments
broke	v.	render inoperable or ineffective
broke	v.	ruin completely
broke	v.	destroy the integrity of; usually by force; cause to separate into pieces or fragments
broke	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
broke	v.	move away or escape suddenly
broke	v.	scatter or part
broke	v.	force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up
broke	v.	prevent completion
broke	v.	enter someone's (virtual or real) property in an unauthorized manner, usually with the intent to steal or commit a violent act
broke	v.	make submissive, obedient, or useful
broke	v.	fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns
broke	v.	surpass in excellence
broke	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
broke	v.	come into being
broke	v.	stop operating or functioning
broke	v.	interrupt a continued activity
broke	v.	make a rupture in the ranks of the enemy or one's own by quitting or fleeing
broke	v.	curl over and fall apart in surf or foam, of waves
broke	v.	lessen in force or effect
broke	v.	be broken in
broke	v.	come to an end
broke	v.	vary or interrupt a uniformity or continuity
broke	v.	cause to give up a habit
broke	v.	give up
broke	v.	come forth or begin from a state of latency
broke	v.	happen or take place
broke	v.	cause the failure or ruin of
broke	v.	invalidate by judicial action
broke	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
broke	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
broke	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
broke	v.	change directions suddenly
broke	v.	emerge from the surface of a body of water
broke	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
broke	v.	do a break dance
broke	v.	exchange for smaller units of money
broke	v.	destroy the completeness of a set of related items
broke	v.	make the opening shot that scatters the balls
broke	v.	separate from a clinch, in boxing
broke	v.	go to pieces
broke	v.	break a piece from a whole
broke	v.	become punctured or penetrated
broke	v.	pierce or penetrate
broke	v.	be released or become known; of news
broke	v.	cease an action temporarily
broke	v.	interrupt the flow of current in
broke	v.	undergo breaking
broke	v.	find a flaw in
broke	v.	find the solution or key to
broke	v.	change suddenly from one tone quality or register to another
broke	v.	happen
broke	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
broke	v.	crack; of the male voice in puberty
broke	v.	fall sharply
broke	v.	fracture a bone of
broke	v.	diminish or discontinue abruptly
broke	v.	weaken or destroy in spirit or body
broke	adj.	lacking funds
broken	v.	terminate
broken	v.	become separated into pieces or fragments
broken	v.	render inoperable or ineffective
broken	v.	ruin completely
broken	v.	destroy the integrity of; usually by force; cause to separate into pieces or fragments
broken	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
broken	v.	move away or escape suddenly
broken	v.	scatter or part
broken	v.	force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up
broken	v.	prevent completion
broken	v.	enter someone's (virtual or real) property in an unauthorized manner, usually with the intent to steal or commit a violent act
broken	v.	make submissive, obedient, or useful
broken	v.	fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns
broken	v.	surpass in excellence
broken	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
broken	v.	come into being
broken	v.	stop operating or functioning
broken	v.	interrupt a continued activity
broken	v.	make a rupture in the ranks of the enemy or one's own by quitting or fleeing
broken	v.	curl over and fall apart in surf or foam, of waves
broken	v.	lessen in force or effect
broken	v.	be broken in
broken	v.	come to an end
broken	v.	vary or interrupt a uniformity or continuity
broken	v.	cause to give up a habit
broken	v.	give up
broken	v.	come forth or begin from a state of latency
broken	v.	happen or take place
broken	v.	cause the failure or ruin of
broken	v.	invalidate by judicial action
broken	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
broken	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
broken	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
broken	v.	change directions suddenly
broken	v.	emerge from the surface of a body of water
broken	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
broken	v.	do a break dance
broken	v.	exchange for smaller units of money
broken	v.	destroy the completeness of a set of related items
broken	v.	make the opening shot that scatters the balls
broken	v.	separate from a clinch, in boxing
broken	v.	go to pieces
broken	v.	break a piece from a whole
broken	v.	become punctured or penetrated
broken	v.	pierce or penetrate
broken	v.	be released or become known; of news
broken	v.	cease an action temporarily
broken	v.	interrupt the flow of current in
broken	v.	undergo breaking
broken	v.	find a flaw in
broken	v.	find the solution or key to
broken	v.	change suddenly from one tone quality or register to another
broken	v.	happen
broken	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
broken	v.	crack; of the male voice in puberty
broken	v.	fall sharply
broken	v.	fracture a bone of
broken	v.	diminish or discontinue abruptly
broken	v.	weaken or destroy in spirit or body
broken	adj.	physically and forcibly separated into pieces or cracked or split
broken	adj.	not continuous in space, time, or sequence or varying abruptly
broken	adj.	subdued or brought low in condition or status
broken	adj.	(especially of promises or contracts) having been violated or disregarded
broken	adj.	tamed or trained to obey
broken	adj.	topographically very uneven
broken	adj.	imperfectly spoken or written
broken	adj.	thrown into a state of disarray or confusion
broken	adj.	weakened and infirm
broken	adj.	destroyed financially
broken	adj.	out of working order (`busted' is an informal substitute for `broken')
broken	adj.	discontinuous
broken	adj.	lacking a part or parts
brokenhearted	adj.	full of sorrow
broker	n.	a businessman who buys or sells for another in exchange for a commission
broker	v.	act as a broker
broker	adj.	lacking funds
brokerage	n.	a stock broker's business; charges a fee to act as intermediary between buyer and seller
brokerage	n.	the business of a broker; charges a fee to arrange a contract between two parties
brokerage	n.	place where a broker conducts his business
brolly	n.	colloquial terms for an umbrella
bromide	n.	any of the salts of hydrobromic acid; formerly used as a sedative but now generally replaced by safer drugs
bromide	n.	a trite or obvious remark
bromidic	adj.	given to uttering bromides
bromidic	adj.	dull and tiresome but with pretensions of significance or originality
bromine	n.	a nonmetallic heavy volatile corrosive dark brown liquid element belonging to the halogens; found in sea water
bronc	n.	an unbroken or imperfectly broken mustang
bronchi	n.	either of the two main branches of the trachea
bronchial	adj.	relating to or associated with the bronchi
bronchitic	adj.	suffering from or prone to bronchitis
bronchitis	n.	inflammation of the membranes lining the bronchial tubes
bronchus	n.	either of the two main branches of the trachea
bronco	n.	an unbroken or imperfectly broken mustang
broncobuster	n.	a person who breaks horses
bronte	n.	English novelist; youngest of three Bronte sisters (1820-1849)
bronte	n.	English novelist; one of three Bronte sisters (1818-1848)
bronte	n.	English novelist; oldest of three Bronte sisters (1816-1855)
brontosaur	n.	huge quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur common in North America in the late Jurassic
brontosaurus	n.	huge quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur common in North America in the late Jurassic
bronx	n.	a borough of New York City
bronze	n.	an alloy of copper and tin and sometimes other elements; also any copper-base alloy containing other elements in place of tin
bronze	n.	a sculpture made of bronze
bronze	v.	give the color and appearance of bronze to something
bronze	v.	get a tan, from wind or sun
bronze	adj.	of the color of bronze
bronze	adj.	made from or consisting of bronze
brooch	n.	a decorative pin worn by women
brooch	v.	fasten with or as if with a brooch
brood	n.	the young of an animal cared for at one time
brood	v.	think moodily or anxiously about something
brood	v.	hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing
brood	v.	be in a huff and display one's displeasure
brood	v.	be in a huff; be silent or sullen
brood	v.	sit on (eggs)
brooder	n.	apparatus consisting of a box designed to maintain a constant temperature by the use of a thermostat; used for chicks or premature infants
brooding	n.	sitting on eggs so as to hatch them by the warmth of the body
brooding	n.	persistent morbid meditation on a problem
brooding	v.	think moodily or anxiously about something
brooding	v.	hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing
brooding	v.	be in a huff and display one's displeasure
brooding	v.	be in a huff; be silent or sullen
brooding	v.	sit on (eggs)
brooding	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
broodmare	n.	a female horse used for breeding
broody	n.	a domestic hen ready to brood
broody	adj.	physiologically ready to incubate eggs
broody	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
brook	n.	a natural stream of water smaller than a river (and often a tributary of a river)
brook	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
brooke	n.	English lyric poet (1887-1915)
brooklet	n.	a small brook
brooklyn	n.	a borough of New York City
brooks	n.	United States literary critic and historian (1886-1963)
brooks	n.	a natural stream of water smaller than a river (and often a tributary of a river)
brooks	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
broom	n.	a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a long handle
broom	n.	any of various shrubs of the genera Cytisus or Genista or Spartium having long slender branches and racemes of yellow flowers
broom	n.	common Old World heath represented by many varieties; low evergreen grown widely in the northern hemisphere
broom	v.	sweep with a broom or as if with a broom
broom	v.	finish with a broom
broomstick	n.	the handle of a broom
broth	n.	liquid in which meat and vegetables are simmered; used as a basis for e.g. soups or sauces
broth	n.	a thin soup of meat or fish or vegetable stock
brothel	n.	a building where prostitutes are available
brother	n.	a male with the same parents as someone else
brother	n.	a male person who is a fellow member (of a fraternity or religion or other group)
brother	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
brother	n.	used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement
brother	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a monk and used as form of address
brotherhood	n.	the kinship relation between a male offspring and the siblings
brotherhood	n.	people engaged in a particular occupation
brotherhood	n.	the feeling that men should treat one another like brothers
brotherhood	n.	an organization of employees formed to bargain with the employer
broths	n.	liquid in which meat and vegetables are simmered; used as a basis for e.g. soups or sauces
broths	n.	a thin soup of meat or fish or vegetable stock
brougham	n.	light carriage; pulled by a single horse
brougham	n.	a sedan that has no roof over the driver's seat
brought	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
brought	v.	cause to come into a particular state or condition
brought	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
brought	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
brought	v.	bring into a different state
brought	v.	be accompanied by
brought	v.	advance or set forth in court; ,
brought	v.	bestow a quality on
brought	v.	be sold for a certain price
brought	v.	attract the attention of
brought	v.	induce or persuade
brouhaha	n.	loud confused noise from many sources
brouhaha	n.	a confused disturbance far greater than its cause merits
brow	n.	the part of the face above the eyes
brow	n.	the arch of hair above each eye
brow	n.	the peak of a hill
browbeat	v.	be bossy towards
browbeat	v.	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate
brown	n.	an orange of low brightness and saturation
brown	n.	Scottish botanist who first observed the movement of small particles in fluids now known a Brownian motion (1773-1858)
brown	n.	abolitionist who was hanged after leading an unsuccessful raid at Harper's Ferry, Virginia (1800-1859)
brown	n.	a university in Rhode Island
brown	v.	fry in a pan until it changes color
brown	v.	make brown in color
brown	adj.	of a color similar to that of wood or earth
brown	adj.	(of skin) deeply suntanned
browne	n.	English illustrator of several of Dickens' novels (1815-1882)
browne	n.	United States writer of humorous tales of an itinerant showman (1834-1867)
brownie	n.	a junior Girl Scout
brownie	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
brownie	n.	square or bar of very rich chocolate cake usually with nuts
browning	n.	United States inventor of firearms (especially automatic pistols and repeating rifles and a machine gun called the Peacemaker) (1855-1926)
browning	n.	English poet and husband of Elizabeth Barrett Browning noted for his dramatic monologues (1812-1889)
browning	n.	English poet best remembered for love sonnets written to her husband Robert Browning (1806-1861)
browning	n.	cooking to a brown crispiness over a fire or on a grill
browning	v.	fry in a pan until it changes color
browning	v.	make brown in color
brownish	adj.	of a color similar to that of wood or earth
brownness	n.	an orange of low brightness and saturation
brownout	n.	darkness resulting from the extinction of lights (as in a city invisible to enemy aircraft)
brownshirt	n.	a member of the Nazi SA which wore brown uniforms
brownstone	n.	a reddish brown sandstone; used in buildings
brownstone	n.	a row house built of brownstone; reddish brown in color
brownsville	n.	a city in southern Texas on the Rio Grande near its mouth into the Gulf of Mexico; has a channel that accommodates oceangoing ships
browse	n.	vegetation (such as young shoots, twigs, and leaves) that is suitable for animals to eat
browse	n.	reading superficially or at random
browse	n.	the act of feeding by continual nibbling
browse	v.	shop around; not necessarily buying
browse	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
browse	v.	look around casually and randomly, without seeking anything in particular
browse	v.	eat lightly, try different dishes
browser	n.	a viewer who looks around casually without seeking anything in particular
browser	n.	a program used to view HTML documents
bruce	n.	Australian physician and bacteriologist who described the bacterium that causes undulant fever or brucellosis (1855-1931)
bruce	n.	king of Scotland from 1306 to 1329; defeated the English army under Edward II at Bannockburn and gained recognition of Scottish independence (1274-1329)
bruckner	n.	Austrian organist and composer of romantic music (1824-1896)
bruegel	n.	Flemish painter of landscapes (1525-1569)
bruin	n.	a conventional name for a bear used in tales following usage in the old epic `Reynard the Fox'
bruin	n.	large ferocious bear of Eurasia
bruise	n.	an injury that doesn't break the skin but results in some discoloration
bruise	v.	injure the underlying soft tissue or bone of
bruise	v.	hurt the feelings of
bruise	v.	break up into small pieces for food preparation
bruise	v.	damage (plant tissue) by abrasion or pressure
bruiser	n.	a large and strong and heavyset man
bruising	v.	injure the underlying soft tissue or bone of
bruising	v.	hurt the feelings of
bruising	v.	break up into small pieces for food preparation
bruising	v.	damage (plant tissue) by abrasion or pressure
bruising	adj.	causing mental or emotional injury; ; - John Mason Brown
bruising	adj.	brutally forceful and compelling
bruit	v.	tell or spread rumors
brunch	n.	combination breakfast and lunch; usually served in late morning
brunch	v.	eat a meal in the late morning
brunei	n.	a sultanate in northwestern Borneo; became independent of Great Britain in 1984
bruneian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Brunei
bruneian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Brunei or its people
brunelleschi	n.	Florentine architect who was the first great architect of the Italian Renaissance (1377-1446)
brunet	n.	a person with dark (brown) hair
brunet	adj.	marked by dark or relatively dark pigmentation of hair or skin or eyes
brunette	n.	a person with dark (brown) hair
brunette	adj.	marked by dark or relatively dark pigmentation of hair or skin or eyes
bruno	n.	German pope from 1049 to 1054 whose papacy was the beginning of papal reforms in the 11th century (1002-1054)
bruno	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a French cleric (born in Germany) who founded the Carthusian order in 1084 (1032-1101)
bruno	n.	Italian philosopher who used Copernican principles to develop a pantheistic monistic philosophy; condemned for heresy by the Inquisition and burned at the stake (1548-1600)
brunswick	n.	a university town in southwestern Maine
brunswick	n.	a town in southeast Georgia near the Atlantic coast; a port of entry
brunswick	n.	a city in central Germany
brunt	n.	main force of a blow etc
brush	n.	a dense growth of bushes
brush	n.	an implement that has hairs or bristles firmly set into a handle
brush	n.	momentary contact
brush	n.	conducts current between rotating and stationary parts of a generator or motor
brush	n.	a bushy tail or part of a bushy tail (especially of the fox)
brush	n.	a minor short-term fight
brush	n.	the act of brushing your teeth
brush	n.	the act of brushing your hair
brush	n.	contact with something dangerous or undesirable
brush	v.	rub with a brush, or as if with a brush
brush	v.	touch lightly and briefly
brush	v.	clean with a brush
brush	v.	sweep across or over
brush	v.	remove with or as if with a brush
brush	v.	cover by brushing
brushwood	n.	the wood from bushes or small branches
brushwood	n.	a dense growth of bushes
brushwork	n.	an artist's distinctive technique of applying paint with a brush
brusque	adj.	marked by rude or peremptory shortness
brusqueness	n.	an abrupt discourteous manner
brussels	n.	the capital and largest city of Belgium; seat of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
brut	adj.	(of champagne) extremely dry
brutal	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
brutal	adj.	harsh
brutal	adj.	resembling a beast; showing lack of human sensibility
brutal	adj.	disagreeably direct and precise
brutality	n.	the trait of extreme cruelty
brutality	n.	a brutal barbarous savage act
brutalization	n.	the condition of being treated in a cruel and savage manner
brutalization	n.	the activity of treating someone savagely or viciously
brutalization	n.	an act that makes people cruel or lacking normal human qualities
brutalize	v.	treat brutally
brutalize	v.	make brutal, unfeeling, or inhuman
brutalize	v.	become brutal or insensitive and unfeeling
brute	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
brute	n.	a living organism characterized by voluntary movement
brute	adj.	resembling a beast; showing lack of human sensibility
brutish	adj.	resembling a beast; showing lack of human sensibility
brutus	n.	statesman of ancient Rome who (with Cassius) led a conspiracy to assassinate Julius Caesar (85-42 BC)
bryan	n.	United States lawyer and politician who advocated free silver and prosecuted John Scopes (1925) for teaching evolution in a Tennessee high school (1860-1925)
bryan	n.	a town of east central Texas
bs	n.	a bachelor's degree in science
bs	n.	aerobic rod-shaped spore-producing bacterium; often occurring in chainlike formations; found primarily in soil
bs	n.	originally thought to be a single vitamin but now separated into several B vitamins
bs	n.	a trivalent metalloid element; occurs both in a hard black crystal and in the form of a yellow or brown powder
bs	n.	a logarithmic unit of sound intensity equal to 10 decibels
bs	n.	(physics) a unit of nuclear cross section; the effective circular area that one particle presents to another as a target for an encounter
bs	n.	the 2nd letter of the Roman alphabet
bs	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry the B antigen
btu	n.	a unit of heat equal to the amount of heat required to raise one pound of water one degree Fahrenheit at one atmosphere pressure; equivalent to 251.997 calories
bubble	n.	a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide)
bubble	n.	a speculative scheme that depends on unstable factors that the planner cannot control
bubble	n.	an impracticable and illusory idea
bubble	n.	a dome-shaped covering made of transparent glass or plastic
bubble	v.	form, produce, or emit bubbles
bubble	v.	flow in an irregular current with a bubbling noise
bubble	v.	rise in bubbles or as if in bubbles
bubble	v.	cause to form bubbles
bubble	v.	expel gas from the stomach
bubbly	n.	a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produced there
bubbly	adj.	emitting or filled with bubbles as from carbonation or fermentation
bubbly	adj.	full of or showing high spirits
buber	n.	Israeli religious philosopher (born in Austria); as a Zionist he promoted understanding between Jews and Arabs; his writings affected Christian thinkers as well as Jews (1878-1965)
bubo	n.	a lymph node that is inflamed and swollen because of plague or gonorrhea or tuberculosis
bubo	n.	a genus of Strigidae
buboes	n.	a lymph node that is inflamed and swollen because of plague or gonorrhea or tuberculosis
buboes	n.	a genus of Strigidae
buccaneer	n.	someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a commission from any sovereign nation
buccaneer	v.	live like a buccaneer
buchanan	n.	15th President of the United States (1791-1868)
bucharest	n.	national capital and largest city of Romania in southeastern Romania
buchenwald	n.	a Nazi concentration camp for Jews in World War II that was located in central Germany
buck	n.	a gymnastic horse without pommels and with one end elongated; used lengthwise for vaulting
buck	n.	a piece of paper money worth one dollar
buck	n.	United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in China (1892-1973)
buck	n.	a framework for holding wood that is being sawed
buck	n.	mature male of various mammals (especially deer or antelope)
buck	v.	to strive with determination
buck	v.	resist
buck	v.	move quickly and violently
buck	v.	jump vertically, with legs stiff and back arched
buckaroo	n.	local names for a cowboy (`vaquero' is used especially in southwestern and central Texas and `buckaroo' is used especially in California)
buckboard	n.	an open horse-drawn carriage with four wheels; has a seat attached to a flexible board between the two axles
bucket	n.	a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top
bucket	n.	the quantity contained in a bucket
bucket	v.	put into a bucket
bucket	v.	carry in a bucket
bucketful	n.	the quantity contained in a bucket
buckeye	n.	the inedible nutlike seed of the horse chestnut
buckeye	n.	tree having palmate leaves and large clusters of white to red flowers followed by brown shiny inedible seeds
buckeye	n.	a native or resident of Ohio
buckle	n.	fastener that fastens together two ends of a belt or strap; often has loose prong
buckle	n.	a shape distorted by twisting or folding
buckle	v.	fasten with a buckle or buckles
buckle	v.	fold or collapse
buckle	v.	bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat
buckler	n.	armor carried on the arm to intercept blows
buckram	n.	a coarse cotton fabric stiffened with glue; used in bookbinding and to stiffen clothing
buckram	v.	stiffen with or as with buckram
buckram	adj.	rigidly formal
bucksaw	n.	a saw that is set in a frame in the shape of an H; used with both hands to cut wood that is held in a sawbuck
buckshot	n.	small lead shot for shotgun shells
buckskin	n.	horse of a light yellowish dun color with dark mane and tail
buckskin	n.	a soft yellowish suede leather originally from deerskin but now usually from sheepskin
buckteeth	n.	a large projecting front tooth
bucktooth	n.	a large projecting front tooth
buckwheat	n.	a member of the genus Fagopyrum; annual Asian plant with clusters of small pinkish white flowers and small edible triangular seeds which are used whole or ground into flour
buckwheat	n.	grain ground into flour
buckyball	n.	a spheroidal fullerene; the first known example of a fullerene
bucolic	n.	a country person
bucolic	n.	a short poem descriptive of rural or pastoral life
bucolic	adj.	(used with regard to idealized country life) idyllically rustic
bucolic	adj.	relating to shepherds or herdsmen or devoted to raising sheep or cattle
bud	n.	a partially opened flower
bud	n.	a swelling on a plant stem consisting of overlapping immature leaves or petals
bud	v.	develop buds
bud	v.	start to grow or develop
budapest	n.	capital and largest city of Hungary; located on the Danube River in north-central Hungary
budded	v.	develop buds
budded	v.	start to grow or develop
buddha	n.	founder of Buddhism; worshipped as a god (c 563-483 BC)
buddha	n.	one who has achieved a state of perfect enlightenment
buddhism	n.	a religion represented by the many groups (especially in Asia) that profess various forms of the Buddhist doctrine and that venerate Buddha
buddhism	n.	the teaching of Buddha that life is permeated with suffering caused by desire, that suffering ceases when desire ceases, and that enlightenment obtained through right conduct and wisdom and meditation releases one from desire and suffering and rebirth
buddhist	n.	one who follows the teachings of Buddha
buddhist	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Buddhism
budding	n.	reproduction of some unicellular organisms (such as yeasts) by growth and specialization followed by the separation by constriction of a part of the parent
budding	v.	develop buds
budding	v.	start to grow or develop
budding	adj.	beginning to develop
buddy	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
budge	n.	United States tennis player who in 1938 was the first to win the Australian and French and English and United States singles championship in the same year (1915-2000)
budge	v.	move very slightly
budgerigar	n.	small Australian parakeet usually light green with black and yellow markings in the wild but bred in many colors
budget	n.	a sum of money allocated for a particular purpose
budget	n.	a summary of intended expenditures along with proposals for how to meet them
budget	v.	make a budget
budgetary	adj.	of or relating to a budget
budgie	n.	small Australian parakeet usually light green with black and yellow markings in the wild but bred in many colors
buff	n.	an ardent follower and admirer
buff	n.	a soft thick undyed leather from the skins of e.g. buffalo or oxen
buff	n.	bare skin; naked
buff	n.	a medium to dark tan color
buff	n.	an implement consisting of soft material mounted on a block; used for polishing (as in manicuring)
buff	v.	strike, beat repeatedly
buff	v.	polish and make shiny
buff	adj.	of the yellowish-beige color of buff leather
buffalo	n.	large shaggy-haired brown bison of North American plains
buffalo	n.	a city on Lake Erie in western New York (near Niagara Falls)
buffalo	n.	meat from an American bison
buffalo	n.	any of several Old World animals resembling oxen including, e.g., water buffalo; Cape buffalo
buffalo	v.	intimidate or overawe
buffaloes	n.	large shaggy-haired brown bison of North American plains
buffaloes	n.	a city on Lake Erie in western New York (near Niagara Falls)
buffaloes	n.	meat from an American bison
buffaloes	n.	any of several Old World animals resembling oxen including, e.g., water buffalo; Cape buffalo
buffaloes	v.	intimidate or overawe
buffer	n.	(chemistry) an ionic compound that resists changes in its pH
buffer	n.	a neutral zone between two rival powers that is created in order to diminish the danger of conflict
buffer	n.	an inclined metal frame at the front of a locomotive to clear the track
buffer	n.	(computer science) a part of RAM used for temporary storage of data that is waiting to be sent to a device; used to compensate for differences in the rate of flow of data between components of a computer system
buffer	n.	a power tool used to buff surfaces
buffer	n.	a cushion-like device that reduces shock due to an impact
buffer	n.	an implement consisting of soft material mounted on a block; used for polishing (as in manicuring)
buffer	v.	add a buffer (a solution)
buffer	v.	protect from impact
buffer	adj.	of the yellowish-beige color of buff leather
buffet	n.	a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves and drawers
buffet	n.	a meal set out on a buffet at which guests help themselves
buffet	n.	usually inexpensive bar
buffet	v.	strike against forcefully
buffet	v.	strike, beat repeatedly
buffoon	n.	a rude or vulgar fool
buffoon	n.	a person who amuses others by ridiculous behavior
buffoonery	n.	acting like a clown or buffoon
buffoonish	adj.	like a clown
bug	n.	general term for any insect or similar creeping or crawling invertebrate
bug	n.	a fault or defect in a computer program, system, or machine
bug	n.	a small hidden microphone; for listening secretly
bug	n.	insects with sucking mouthparts and forewings thickened and leathery at the base; usually show incomplete metamorphosis
bug	n.	a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium); the term is not in technical use
bug	v.	annoy persistently
bug	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
bugaboo	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
bugaboo	n.	a source of concern
bugbear	n.	an imaginary monster used to frighten children
bugbear	n.	an object of dread or apprehension; ; --Ralph Waldo Emerson
bugged	v.	annoy persistently
bugged	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
bugged	adj.	having hidden electronic eavesdropping devices
bugger	n.	someone who engages in anal copulation (especially a male who engages in anal copulation with another male)
bugger	v.	practice anal sex upon
buggery	n.	intercourse via the anus, committed by a man with a man or woman
bugging	v.	annoy persistently
bugging	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
buggy	n.	a small lightweight carriage; drawn by a single horse
buggy	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
buggy	adj.	infested with bugs
bugle	n.	a brass instrument without valves; used for military calls and fanfares
bugle	n.	any of various low-growing annual or perennial evergreen herbs native to Eurasia; used for ground cover
bugle	n.	a tubular glass or plastic bead sewn onto clothing for decoration
bugle	v.	play on a bugle
bugler	n.	someone who plays a bugle
build	n.	constitution of the human body
build	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
build	v.	make by combining materials and parts
build	v.	form or accumulate steadily
build	v.	build or establish something abstract
build	v.	improve the cleansing action of
build	v.	order, supervise, or finance the construction of
build	v.	give form to, according to a plan
build	v.	be engaged in building
build	v.	found or ground
build	v.	bolster or strengthen
build	v.	develop and grow
builder	n.	a substance added to soaps or detergents to increase their cleansing action
builder	n.	a person who creates a business or who organizes and develops a country
builder	n.	someone who contracts for and supervises construction (as of a building)
building	n.	a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place
building	n.	the act of constructing something
building	n.	the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures or constructing new ones
building	n.	the occupants of a building
building	v.	make by combining materials and parts
building	v.	form or accumulate steadily
building	v.	build or establish something abstract
building	v.	improve the cleansing action of
building	v.	order, supervise, or finance the construction of
building	v.	give form to, according to a plan
building	v.	be engaged in building
building	v.	found or ground
building	v.	bolster or strengthen
building	v.	develop and grow
buildup	n.	the act of building up an accumulation
buildup	n.	the result of the process of accumulation
buildup	n.	highly favorable publicity and praise
built	v.	make by combining materials and parts
built	v.	form or accumulate steadily
built	v.	build or establish something abstract
built	v.	improve the cleansing action of
built	v.	order, supervise, or finance the construction of
built	v.	give form to, according to a plan
built	v.	be engaged in building
built	v.	found or ground
built	v.	bolster or strengthen
built	v.	develop and grow
built	adj.	(used of soaps or cleaning agents) having a substance (an abrasive or filler) added to increase effectiveness
bujumbura	n.	the capital and largest city of Burundi
bukharin	n.	Bolshevik leader in Russia who advocated gradual collectivism of the farms; was executed in a purge by Stalin (1888-1938)
bulawayo	n.	industrial city in southwestern Zimbabwe
bulb	n.	a modified bud consisting of a thickened globular underground stem serving as a reproductive structure
bulb	n.	electric lamp consisting of a transparent or translucent glass housing containing a wire filament (usually tungsten) that emits light when heated by electricity
bulb	n.	a rounded part of a cylindrical instrument (usually at one end)
bulb	n.	anything with a round shape resembling a teardrop
bulb	n.	lower or hindmost part of the brain; continuous with spinal cord; (`bulb' is an old term for medulla oblongata)
bulb	n.	a rounded dilation or expansion in a canal or vessel or organ
bulbous	adj.	shaped like a bulb
bulbous	adj.	curving outward
bulgaria	n.	a republic in the eastern part of the Balkan Peninsula in southeastern Europe
bulgarian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Bulgaria
bulgarian	n.	a Slavic language spoken in Bulgaria
bulgarian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Bulgaria or its people
bulge	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
bulge	v.	swell or protrude outwards
bulge	v.	bulge out; form a bulge outward, or be so full as to appear to bulge
bulge	v.	bulge outward
bulge	v.	cause to bulge or swell outwards
bulgy	adj.	curving outward
bulimarexia	n.	a disorder of eating in which the person alternates between strong craving for food and aversion to food; characterized by excessive eating followed by periods of fasting or self-induced vomiting
bulimia	n.	a disorder of eating seen among young women who go on eating binges and then feel guilt and depression and self-condemnation
bulimia	n.	pathologically insatiable hunger (especially when caused by brain lesions)
bulimic	n.	a person suffering from bulimia
bulimic	adj.	suffering from bulimia
bulk	n.	the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part
bulk	n.	the property of something that is great in magnitude
bulk	n.	the property possessed by a large mass
bulk	v.	stick out or up
bulk	v.	cause to bulge or swell outwards
bulkhead	n.	a partition that divides a ship or plane into compartments
bulkiness	n.	an unwieldy largeness
bulky	adj.	of large size for its weight
bull	n.	uncastrated adult male of domestic cattle
bull	n.	a large and strong and heavyset man
bull	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
bull	n.	a serious and ludicrous blunder
bull	n.	uncomplimentary terms for a policeman
bull	n.	an investor with an optimistic market outlook; an investor who expects prices to rise and so buys now for resale later
bull	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Taurus
bull	n.	the second sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about April 20 to May 20
bull	n.	the center of a target
bull	n.	a formal proclamation issued by the pope (usually written in antiquated characters and sealed with a leaden bulla)
bull	n.	mature male of various mammals of which the female is called `cow'; e.g. whales or elephants or especially cattle
bull	v.	push or force
bull	v.	try to raise the price of stocks through speculative buying
bull	v.	speak insincerely or without regard for facts or truths
bull	v.	advance in price
bulldog	n.	a sturdy thickset short-haired breed with a large head and strong undershot lower jaw; developed originally in England for bull baiting
bulldog	v.	attack viciously and ferociously
bulldog	v.	throw a steer by seizing the horns and twisting the neck, as in a rodeo
bulldogging	v.	attack viciously and ferociously
bulldogging	v.	throw a steer by seizing the horns and twisting the neck, as in a rodeo
bulldoze	v.	flatten with or as if with a bulldozer
bulldozer	n.	large powerful tractor; a large blade in front flattens areas of ground
bullet	n.	a projectile that is fired from a gun
bullet	n.	a high-speed passenger train
bullet	n.	(baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity
bulletin	n.	a brief report (especially an official statement issued for immediate publication or broadcast)
bulletin	v.	make public by bulletin
bulletproof	v.	make bulletproof
bulletproof	adj.	without flaws or loopholes
bulletproof	adj.	not penetrable by bullets
bullfight	n.	a Spanish or Portuguese or Latin American spectacle; a matador baits and (usually) kills a bull in an arena before many spectators
bullfighter	n.	someone who fights bulls
bullfighting	n.	the activity at a bullfight
bullfinch	n.	United States architect who designed the Capitol Building in Washington which served as a model for state capitols throughout the United States (1763-1844)
bullfinch	n.	common European finch mostly black and white with red throat and breast
bullfrog	n.	largest North American frog; highly aquatic with a deep-pitched voice
bullhead	n.	freshwater sculpin with a large flattened bony-plated head with hornlike spines
bullhead	n.	any of several common freshwater catfishes of the United States
bullheaded	adj.	obstinate and stupid
bullheadedness	n.	resolute adherence to your own ideas or desires
bullhorn	n.	a portable loudspeaker with built-in microphone and amplifier
bullion	n.	a mass of precious metal
bullion	n.	gold or silver in bars or ingots
bullish	adj.	expecting a rise in prices
bullock	n.	young bull
bullock	n.	castrated bull
bullpen	n.	a place on a baseball field where relief pitchers can warm up during a game
bullpen	n.	a large cell where prisoners (people awaiting trial or sentence or refugees or illegal immigrants) are confined together temporarily
bullring	n.	a stadium where bullfights take place
bullshit	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
bullshit	v.	speak insincerely or without regard for facts or truths
bullshitted	v.	speak insincerely or without regard for facts or truths
bullshitting	v.	speak insincerely or without regard for facts or truths
bully	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
bully	n.	a hired thug
bully	v.	be bossy towards
bully	v.	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate
bully	adj.	very good
bulrush	n.	tall marsh plant with cylindrical seed heads that explode when mature shedding large quantities of down; its long flat leaves are used for making mats and chair seats; of North America, Europe, Asia and North Africa
bulrush	n.	tall rush with soft erect or arching stems found in Eurasia, Australia, New Zealand, and common in North America
bultmann	n.	a Lutheran theologian in Germany (1884-1976)
bulwark	n.	an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes
bulwark	n.	a fencelike structure around a deck (usually plural)
bulwark	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
bulwark	v.	defend with a bulwark
bum	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
bum	n.	a disreputable vagrant
bum	n.	person who does no work
bum	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
bum	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
bum	v.	be lazy or idle
bum	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
bumble	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bumble	v.	walk unsteadily
bumble	v.	speak haltingly
bumblebee	n.	robust hairy social bee of temperate regions
bumbler	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
bumf	n.	reading materials (documents, written information) that you must read and deal with but that you think are extremely boring
bummed	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
bummed	v.	be lazy or idle
bummer	n.	an experience that is irritating or frustrating or disappointing
bummer	n.	a bad reaction to a hallucinogenic drug
bumming	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
bumming	v.	be lazy or idle
bump	n.	a lump on the body caused by a blow
bump	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
bump	n.	an impact (as from a collision)
bump	v.	knock against with force or violence
bump	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
bump	v.	dance erotically or dance with the pelvis thrust forward
bump	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
bump	v.	remove or force from a position of dwelling previously occupied
bumper	n.	a glass filled to the brim (especially as a toast)
bumper	n.	a mechanical device consisting of bars at either end of a vehicle to absorb shock and prevent serious damage
bumph	n.	reading materials (documents, written information) that you must read and deal with but that you think are extremely boring
bumpiness	n.	the texture of a surface that has many bumps
bumpkin	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
bumptious	adj.	offensively self-assertive
bumptiousness	n.	offensive boldness and assertiveness
bumpy	adj.	causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements
bumpy	adj.	covered with or full of bumps
bun	n.	small rounded bread either plain or sweet
bunch	n.	a grouping of a number of similar things
bunch	n.	an informal body of friends
bunch	n.	any collection in its entirety
bunch	v.	form into a bunch
bunch	v.	gather or cause to gather into a cluster
bunche	n.	United States diplomat and United Nations official (1904-1971)
bunchy	adj.	occurring close together in bunches or clusters
bunco	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
bunco	v.	deprive of by deceit
bundesbank	n.	the central bank of Germany
bundle	n.	a collection of things wrapped or boxed together
bundle	n.	a package of several things tied together for carrying or storing
bundle	n.	a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)
bundle	v.	make into a bundle
bundle	v.	gather or cause to gather into a cluster
bundle	v.	compress into a wad
bundle	v.	sleep fully clothed in the same bed with one's betrothed
bung	n.	a plug used to close a hole in a barrel or flask
bung	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
bung	v.	close with a cork or stopper
bungalow	n.	a small house with a single story
bungee	n.	an elasticized rope
bunghole	n.	vulgar slang for anus
bunghole	n.	a hole in a barrel or cask; used to fill or empty it
bungle	n.	an embarrassing mistake
bungle	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
bungle	v.	spoil by behaving clumsily or foolishly
bungler	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
bunion	n.	a painful swelling of the bursa of the first joint of the big toe
bunk	n.	a long trough for feeding cattle
bunk	n.	a bed on a ship or train; usually in tiers
bunk	n.	a rough bed (as at a campsite)
bunk	n.	unacceptable behavior (especially ludicrously false statements)
bunk	n.	a message that seems to convey no meaning
bunk	n.	beds built one above the other
bunk	v.	avoid paying
bunk	v.	provide with a bunk
bunk	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
bunker	n.	a hazard on a golf course
bunker	n.	a large container for storing fuel
bunker	n.	a fortification of earth; mostly or entirely below ground
bunker	v.	hit a golf ball into a bunker
bunker	v.	fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil
bunker	v.	transfer cargo from a ship to a warehouse
bunkum	n.	unacceptable behavior (especially ludicrously false statements)
bunny	n.	a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a rabbit
bunny	n.	(usually informal) especially a young rabbit
bunsen	n.	German chemist who with Kirchhoff pioneered spectrum analysis but is remembered mainly for his invention of the Bunsen burner (1811-1899)
bunsen	n.	a gas burner used in laboratories; has an air valve to regulate the mixture of gas and air
bunt	n.	(baseball) the act of hitting a baseball lightly without swinging the bat
bunt	n.	disease of wheat characterized by replacement of the grains with greasy masses of smelly smut spores
bunt	n.	similar to Tilletia caries
bunt	n.	fungus that destroys kernels of wheat by replacing them with greasy masses of smelly spores
bunt	v.	hit a ball in such a way so as to make it go a short distance
bunt	v.	to strike, thrust or shove against
bunting	n.	a loosely woven fabric used for flags, etc.
bunting	n.	any of numerous seed-eating songbirds of Europe or North America
bunting	v.	hit a ball in such a way so as to make it go a short distance
bunting	v.	to strike, thrust or shove against
bunuel	n.	Spanish film director (1900-1983)
bunyan	n.	English preacher and author of an allegorical novel, Pilgrim's Progress (1628-1688)
bunyan	n.	a legendary giant lumberjack of the north woods of the United States and Canada
buoy	n.	bright-colored; a float attached by rope to the seabed to mark channels in a harbor or underwater hazards
buoy	v.	float on the surface of water
buoy	v.	keep afloat
buoy	v.	mark with a buoy
buoyancy	n.	cheerfulness that bubbles to the surface
buoyancy	n.	the property of something weightless and insubstantial
buoyancy	n.	the tendency to float in water or other liquid
buoyancy	n.	irrepressible liveliness and good spirit
buoyant	adj.	tending to float on a liquid or rise in air or gas
buoyant	adj.	characterized by liveliness and lightheartedness
bur	n.	seed vessel having hooks or prickles
bur	n.	small bit used in dentistry or surgery
bur	v.	remove the burrs from
burbank	n.	United States horticulturist who developed many new varieties of fruits and vegetables and flowers (1849-1926)
burberry	n.	a lightweight belted raincoat typically made of tan gabardine with a distinctive tartan lining; named for the original manufacturer
burble	v.	flow in an irregular current with a bubbling noise
burden	n.	an onerous or difficult concern
burden	n.	weight to be borne or conveyed
burden	n.	the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work
burden	n.	the central idea that is expanded in a document or discourse
burden	v.	weight down with a load
burden	v.	impose a task upon, assign a responsibility to
burdensome	adj.	not easily borne; wearing
burdock	n.	any of several erect biennial herbs of temperate Eurasia having stout taproots and producing burs
bureau	n.	an administrative unit of government
bureau	n.	furniture with drawers for keeping clothes
bureaucracy	n.	nonelective government officials
bureaucracy	n.	a government that is administered primarily by bureaus that are staffed with nonelective officials
bureaucracy	n.	any organization in which action is obstructed by insistence on unnecessary procedures and red tape
bureaucrat	n.	an official of a bureaucracy
bureaucratic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a bureaucrat or bureaucracy
bureaucratically	adv.	in a bureaucratic manner
bureaucratically	adv.	with respect to bureaucracy
burg	n.	colloquial American term for a town
burgeon	v.	grow and flourish
burger	n.	United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Court by Richard Nixon (1907-1995)
burger	n.	a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often with other ingredients
burgess	n.	English writer of satirical novels (1917-1993)
burgess	n.	a citizen of an English borough
burgh	n.	a borough in Scotland
burgher	n.	a citizen of an English borough
burgher	n.	a member of the middle class
burghs	n.	a borough in Scotland
burglar	n.	a thief who enters a building with intent to steal
burglarize	v.	commit a burglary; enter and rob a dwelling
burglarproof	adj.	secure against burglary
burglary	n.	entering a building unlawfully with intent to commit a felony or to steal valuable property
burgle	v.	commit a burglary; enter and rob a dwelling
burgomaster	n.	a mayor of a municipality in Germany or Holland or Flanders or Austria
burgoyne	n.	British general in the American Revolution who captured Fort Ticonderoga but lost the battle of Saratoga in 1777 (1722-1792)
burgundy	n.	a former province of eastern France that is famous for its wines
burgundy	n.	red table wine from the Burgundy region of France (or any similar wine made elsewhere)
burgundy	n.	a dark purplish-red to blackish-red color
burial	n.	the ritual placing of a corpse in a grave
burial	n.	concealing something under the ground
burka	n.	a loose garment (usually with veiled holes for the eyes) worn by Muslim women especially in India and Pakistan
burke	n.	British statesman famous for his oratory; pleaded the cause of the American colonists in British Parliament and defended the parliamentary system (1729-1797)
burke	n.	United States frontierswoman and legendary figure of the Wild West noted for her marksmanship (1852-1903)
burke	v.	murder without leaving a trace on the body
burke	v.	get rid of, silence, or suppress
burks	n.	United States frontierswoman and legendary figure of the Wild West noted for her marksmanship (1852-1903)
burl	n.	the wood cut from a tree burl or outgrowth; often used decoratively in veneer
burl	n.	a large rounded outgrowth on the trunk or branch of a tree
burl	n.	soft lump or unevenness in a yarn; either an imperfection or created by design
burl	v.	remove the burls from cloth
burlap	n.	coarse jute fabric
burlesque	n.	a theatrical entertainment of broad and earthy humor; consists of comic skits and short turns (and sometimes striptease)
burlesque	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
burlesque	v.	make a parody of
burlesque	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a burlesque
burlington	n.	the largest city in Vermont; located in northwestern Vermont on Lake Champlain; site of the University of Vermont
burly	adj.	muscular and heavily built
burma	n.	a mountainous republic in southeastern Asia on the Bay of Bengal
burmese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Myanmar
burmese	n.	the official language of Burma
burmese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Myanmar or its people
burn	n.	pain that feels hot as if it were on fire
burn	n.	a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun
burn	n.	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation
burn	n.	a place or area that has been burned (especially on a person's body)
burn	n.	damage inflicted by fire
burn	v.	destroy by fire
burn	v.	shine intensely, as if with heat
burn	v.	undergo combustion
burn	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
burn	v.	cause to burn or combust
burn	v.	feel strong emotion, especially anger or passion
burn	v.	cause to undergo combustion
burn	v.	burn at the stake
burn	v.	spend (significant amounts of money)
burn	v.	feel hot or painful
burn	v.	burn, sear, or freeze (tissue) using a hot iron or electric current or a caustic agent
burn	v.	get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun
burn	v.	create by duplicating data
burn	v.	use up (energy)
burn	v.	burn with heat, fire, or radiation
burnable	adj.	capable of burning
burner	n.	an apparatus for burning fuel (or refuse)
burner	n.	the heating elements of a stove or range on which pots and pans are placed for cooking
burnett	n.	United States writer (born in England) remembered for her novels for children (1849-1924)
burnish	n.	the property of being smooth and shiny
burnish	v.	polish and make shiny
burnoose	n.	a long hooded cloak woven of wool in one piece; worn by Arabs and Moors
burns	n.	United States comedian and film actor (1896-1996)
burns	n.	celebrated Scottish poet (1759-1796)
burns	n.	pain that feels hot as if it were on fire
burns	n.	a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun
burns	n.	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation
burns	n.	a place or area that has been burned (especially on a person's body)
burns	n.	damage inflicted by fire
burns	v.	destroy by fire
burns	v.	shine intensely, as if with heat
burns	v.	undergo combustion
burns	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
burns	v.	cause to burn or combust
burns	v.	feel strong emotion, especially anger or passion
burns	v.	cause to undergo combustion
burns	v.	burn at the stake
burns	v.	spend (significant amounts of money)
burns	v.	feel hot or painful
burns	v.	burn, sear, or freeze (tissue) using a hot iron or electric current or a caustic agent
burns	v.	get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun
burns	v.	create by duplicating data
burns	v.	use up (energy)
burns	v.	burn with heat, fire, or radiation
burnside	n.	United States general in the American Civil War who was defeated by Robert E. Lee at the Battle of Fredericksburg (1824-1881)
burnside	n.	facial hair that has grown down the side of a man's face in front of the ears (especially when the rest of the beard is shaved off)
burnt	v.	destroy by fire
burnt	v.	shine intensely, as if with heat
burnt	v.	undergo combustion
burnt	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
burnt	v.	cause to burn or combust
burnt	v.	feel strong emotion, especially anger or passion
burnt	v.	cause to undergo combustion
burnt	v.	burn at the stake
burnt	v.	spend (significant amounts of money)
burnt	v.	feel hot or painful
burnt	v.	burn, sear, or freeze (tissue) using a hot iron or electric current or a caustic agent
burnt	v.	get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun
burnt	v.	create by duplicating data
burnt	v.	use up (energy)
burnt	v.	burn with heat, fire, or radiation
burnt	adj.	ruined by overcooking
burnt	adj.	treated by heating to a high temperature but below the melting or fusing point
burnt	adj.	destroyed or badly damaged by fire
burp	n.	a reflex that expels gas noisily from the stomach through the mouth
burp	v.	expel gas from the stomach
burr	n.	seed vessel having hooks or prickles
burr	n.	rough projection left on a workpiece after drilling or cutting
burr	n.	United States politician who served as vice president under Jefferson; he mortally wounded his political rival Alexander Hamilton in a duel and fled south (1756-1836)
burr	n.	rotary file for smoothing rough edges left on a workpiece
burr	n.	small bit used in dentistry or surgery
burr	v.	remove the burrs from
burrito	n.	a flour tortilla folded around a filling
burro	n.	small donkey used as a pack animal
burroughs	n.	United States writer noted for his works portraying the life of drug addicts (1914-1997)
burroughs	n.	United States inventor who patented the first practical adding machine (1855-1898)
burroughs	n.	United States novelist and author of the Tarzan stories (1875-1950)
burrow	n.	a hole made by an animal, usually for shelter
burrow	v.	move through by or as by digging
bursa	n.	a city in northwestern Turkey
bursa	n.	a small fluid-filled sac located between movable parts of the body especially at joints
bursae	n.	a city in northwestern Turkey
bursae	n.	a small fluid-filled sac located between movable parts of the body especially at joints
bursar	n.	the treasurer at a college or university
bursary	n.	the treasury of a public institution or religious order
bursitis	n.	inflammation of a bursa; frequently in the shoulder
burst	n.	the act of exploding or bursting
burst	n.	rapid simultaneous discharge of firearms
burst	n.	a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason)
burst	n.	a sudden intense happening
burst	v.	come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure
burst	v.	force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up
burst	v.	burst outward, usually with noise
burst	v.	move suddenly, energetically, or violently
burst	v.	be in a state of movement or action
burst	v.	emerge suddenly
burst	v.	cause to burst
burst	v.	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully
burt	n.	English psychologist whose studies of twins were later said to have used fabricated data (1883-1971)
burton	n.	English explorer who with John Speke was the first European to explore Lake Tanganyika (1821-1890)
burton	n.	Welsh film actor who often co-starred with Elizabeth Taylor (1925-1984)
burton	n.	a strong dark English ale
burundi	n.	a landlocked republic in east central Africa on the northeastern shore of Lake Tanganyika
burundi	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Burundi or its people
burundian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Burundi
burundian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Burundi or its people
bury	v.	cover from sight
bury	v.	place in a grave or tomb
bury	v.	place in the earth and cover with soil
bury	v.	enclose or envelop completely, as if by swallowing
bury	v.	embed deeply
bury	v.	dismiss from the mind; stop remembering
bus	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
bus	n.	the topology of a network whose components are connected by a busbar
bus	n.	an electrical conductor that makes a common connection between several circuits
bus	n.	a car that is old and unreliable
bus	v.	send or move around by bus
bus	v.	ride in a bus
bus	v.	remove used dishes from the table in restaurants
busboy	n.	a restaurant attendant who sets tables and assists waiters and clears away dirty dishes
busby	n.	tall hat; worn by some British soldiers on ceremonial occasions
bused	v.	send or move around by bus
bused	v.	ride in a bus
bused	v.	remove used dishes from the table in restaurants
bush	n.	a low woody perennial plant usually having several major stems
bush	n.	a large wilderness area
bush	n.	dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes
bush	n.	43rd President of the United States; son of George Herbert Walker Bush (born in 1946)
bush	n.	United States electrical engineer who designed an early analogue computer and who led the scientific program of the United States during World War II (1890-1974)
bush	n.	vice president under Reagan and 41st President of the United States (born in 1924)
bush	n.	hair growing in the pubic area
bush	v.	provide with a bushing
bush	adj.	not of the highest quality or sophistication
bushel	n.	a United States dry measure equal to 4 pecks or 2152.42 cubic inches
bushel	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 4 pecks
bushel	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
bushido	n.	traditional code of the Japanese samurai which stressed courage and loyalty and self-discipline and simple living
bushing	n.	an insulating liner in an opening through which conductors pass
bushing	n.	a cylindrical metal lining used to reduce friction
bushing	v.	provide with a bushing
bushman	n.	a member of the race of nomadic hunters and gatherers who live in southern Africa
bushman	n.	a dweller in the Australian bush country
bushmen	n.	a member of the race of nomadic hunters and gatherers who live in southern Africa
bushmen	n.	a dweller in the Australian bush country
bushnell	n.	American inventor who in 1775 designed a man-propelled submarine that was ineffectual but subsequently earned him recognition as a submarine pioneer (1742-1824)
bushwhack	v.	wait in hiding to attack
bushwhack	v.	live in the bush as a fugitive or as a guerilla
bushwhack	v.	cut one's way through the woods or bush
bushwhacker	n.	a disparaging term for an unsophisticated person
bushwhacker	n.	a Confederate guerrilla during the American Civil War
bushy	adj.	used of hair; thick and poorly groomed
bushy	adj.	resembling a bush in being thickly branched and spreading
busily	adv.	in a busy manner
business	n.	a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it
business	n.	the activity of providing goods and services involving financial and commercial and industrial aspects
business	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
business	n.	a rightful concern or responsibility
business	n.	an immediate objective
business	n.	the volume of commercial activity
business	n.	business concerns collectively
business	n.	customers collectively
business	n.	incidental activity performed by an actor for dramatic effect
businesslike	adj.	exhibiting methodical and systematic characteristics that would be useful in business
businesslike	adj.	not distracted by anything unrelated to the goal
businessman	n.	a person engaged in commercial or industrial business (especially an owner or executive)
businessmen	n.	the body of individuals who manage businesses
businessmen	n.	a person engaged in commercial or industrial business (especially an owner or executive)
businessperson	n.	a capitalist who engages in industrial commercial enterprise
businesswoman	n.	a female businessperson
businesswomen	n.	a female businessperson
busing	v.	send or move around by bus
busing	v.	ride in a bus
busing	v.	remove used dishes from the table in restaurants
busk	v.	play music in a public place and solicit money for it
buskin	n.	a boot reaching halfway up to the knee
busload	n.	the quantity of cargo or the number of passengers that a bus can carry
buss	n.	the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof)
buss	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
buss	n.	the topology of a network whose components are connected by a busbar
buss	n.	an electrical conductor that makes a common connection between several circuits
buss	n.	a car that is old and unreliable
buss	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
buss	v.	send or move around by bus
buss	v.	ride in a bus
buss	v.	remove used dishes from the table in restaurants
bust	n.	a complete failure
bust	n.	the chest of a woman
bust	n.	a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person
bust	n.	an occasion for excessive eating or drinking
bust	v.	ruin completely
bust	v.	search without warning, make a sudden surprise attack on
bust	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
bust	v.	go to pieces
bust	v.	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully
bust	adj.	lacking funds
buster	n.	an informal form of address for a man
buster	n.	a robust child
buster	n.	a person who breaks horses
buster	n.	a person (or thing) that breaks up or overpowers something
buster	n.	a person born in the generation following the baby boom when the birth rate fell dramatically
bustle	n.	a rapid active commotion
bustle	n.	a framework worn at the back below the waist for giving fullness to a woman's skirt
bustle	v.	move or cause to move energetically or busily
busty	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
busy	v.	keep busy with
busy	adj.	actively or fully engaged or occupied
busy	adj.	overcrowded or cluttered with detail
busy	adj.	intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner
busy	adj.	crowded with or characterized by much activity
busy	adj.	(of facilities such as telephones or lavatories) unavailable for use by anyone else or indicating unavailability; (`engaged' is a British term for a busy telephone line)
busybody	n.	a person who meddles in the affairs of others
busyness	n.	the state of being or appearing to be actively engaged in an activity
busywork	n.	active work of little value
but	adv.	and nothing more
butane	n.	occurs in natural gas; used in the manufacture of rubber and fuels
butch	n.	(slang) offensive term for a lesbian who is noticeably masculine
butch	adj.	used of men; markedly masculine in appearance or manner
butch	adj.	(of male or female homosexuals) characterized by stereotypically male traits or appearance
butcher	n.	a retailer of meat
butcher	n.	a brutal indiscriminate murderer
butcher	n.	a person who slaughters or dresses meat for market
butcher	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
butcher	v.	kill (animals) usually for food consumption
butcher	adj.	used of men; markedly masculine in appearance or manner
butcher	adj.	(of male or female homosexuals) characterized by stereotypically male traits or appearance
butchery	n.	a building where animals are butchered
butchery	n.	the business of a butcher
butchery	n.	the savage and excessive killing of many people
butler	n.	a manservant (usually the head servant of a household) who has charge of wines and the table
butler	n.	English novelist who described a fictitious land he called Erewhon (1835-1902)
butler	n.	English poet (1612-1680)
butt	n.	thick end of the handle
butt	n.	the part of a plant from which the roots spring or the part of a stalk or trunk nearest the roots
butt	n.	a victim of ridicule or pranks
butt	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
butt	n.	sports equipment consisting of an object set up for a marksman or archer to aim at
butt	n.	finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking
butt	n.	a joint made by fastening ends together without overlapping
butt	n.	a large cask (especially one holding a volume equivalent to 2 hogsheads or 126 gallons)
butt	n.	the small unused part of something (especially the end of a cigarette that is left after smoking)
butt	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
butt	v.	to strike, thrust or shove against
butt	v.	place end to end without overlapping
butte	n.	a hill that rises abruptly from the surrounding region; has a flat top and sloping sides
butte	n.	a town in southwestern Montana; center for mining copper
butted	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
butted	v.	to strike, thrust or shove against
butted	v.	place end to end without overlapping
butter	n.	an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cooking and table use
butter	n.	a fighter who strikes the opponent with his head
butter	v.	spread butter on
butterball	n.	a rotund individual
butterball	n.	small North American diving duck; males have bushy head plumage
buttercup	n.	any of various plants of the genus Ranunculus
butterfat	n.	the fatty substance of milk from which butter is made
butterfingered	adj.	lacking physical movement skills, especially with the hands; ; ; ; - Mary H. Vorse
butterfingers	n.	someone who drops things (especially one who cannot catch a ball)
butterfly	n.	diurnal insect typically having a slender body with knobbed antennae and broad colorful wings
butterfly	n.	a swimming stroke in which the arms are thrown forward together out of the water while the feet kick up and down
butterfly	v.	flutter like a butterfly
butterfly	v.	cut and spread open, as in preparation for cooking
butterfly	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
buttermilk	n.	residue from making butter from sour raw milk; or pasteurized milk curdled by adding a culture
butternut	n.	North American walnut tree having light-brown wood and edible nuts; source of a light-brown dye
butternut	n.	oily egg-shaped nut of an American tree of the walnut family
butterscotch	n.	a hard brittle candy made with butter and brown sugar
buttery	n.	a small storeroom for storing foods or wines
buttery	n.	a teashop where students in British universities can purchase light meals
buttery	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
buttery	adj.	resembling or containing or spread with butter
butting	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
butting	v.	to strike, thrust or shove against
butting	v.	place end to end without overlapping
buttock	n.	either of the two large fleshy masses of muscular tissue that form the human rump
button	n.	a round fastener sewn to shirts and coats etc to fit through buttonholes
button	n.	an electrical switch operated by pressing
button	n.	any of various plant parts that resemble buttons
button	n.	a round flat badge displaying information and suitable for pinning onto a garment
button	n.	a female sexual organ homologous to the penis
button	n.	a device that when pressed will release part of a mechanism
button	n.	any artifact that resembles a button
button	v.	provide with buttons
button	v.	fasten with buttons
buttonhole	n.	a hole through which buttons are pushed
buttonhole	v.	detain in conversation by or as if by holding on to the outer garments of; as for political or economic favors
buttonwood	n.	very large spreading plane tree of eastern and central North America to Mexico
buttress	n.	a support usually of stone or brick; supports the wall of a building
buttress	v.	reinforce with a buttress
buttress	v.	make stronger or defensible
butty	n.	a sandwich
buxom	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
buxom	adj.	(of a female body) healthily plump and vigorous ; - Robt.A.Hamilton
buy	n.	an advantageous purchase
buy	v.	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction
buy	v.	make illegal payments to in exchange for favors or influence
buy	v.	be worth or be capable of buying
buy	v.	acquire by trade or sacrifice or exchange
buy	v.	accept as true
buyback	n.	the act of purchasing back something previously sold
buyer	n.	a person who buys
buyout	n.	acquisition of a company by purchasing a controlling percentage of its stock
buzz	n.	sound of rapid vibration
buzz	n.	a confusion of activity and gossip
buzz	v.	make a buzzing sound
buzz	v.	fly low
buzz	v.	be noisy with activity
buzz	v.	call with a buzzer
buzzard	n.	a New World vulture that is common in South America and Central America and the southern United States
buzzard	n.	the common European short-winged hawk
buzzer	n.	a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pushed
buzzer	n.	a signaling device that makes a buzzing sound
buzzword	n.	stock phrases that have become nonsense through endless repetition
by	adv.	so as to pass a given point
by	adv.	in reserve; not for immediate use
byblos	n.	an ancient Mediterranean seaport that was a thriving city state in Phoenicia during the second millennium BC; was the chief port for the export of papyrus; located in Lebanon to the north of Beirut; now partially excavated
bye	n.	you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent
bye	n.	a farewell remark
bygone	n.	past events to be put aside
bygone	adj.	well in the past; former
bylaw	n.	a rule adopted by an organization in order to regulate its own affairs and the behavior of its members
bypass	n.	a highway that encircles an urban area so that traffic does not have to pass through the center
bypass	n.	a surgically created shunt (usually around a damaged part)
bypass	n.	a conductor having low resistance in parallel with another device to divert a fraction of the current
bypass	v.	avoid something unpleasant or laborious
bypath	n.	a side road little traveled (as in the countryside)
bypaths	n.	a side road little traveled (as in the countryside)
byplay	n.	incidental activity performed by an actor for dramatic effect
byproduct	n.	a secondary and sometimes unexpected consequence
byproduct	n.	a product made during the manufacture of something else
byrd	n.	English organist and composer of church music; master of 16th century polyphony; was granted a monopoly in music printing with Thomas Tallis (1543-1623)
byrd	n.	explorer and United States naval officer; led expeditions to explore Antarctica (1888-1957)
byre	n.	a barn for cows
byroad	n.	a side road little traveled (as in the countryside)
byron	n.	English romantic poet notorious for his rebellious and unconventional lifestyle (1788-1824)
bystander	n.	a nonparticipant spectator
byte	n.	a sequence of 8 bits (enough to represent one character of alphanumeric data) processed as a single unit of information
byway	n.	a side road little traveled (as in the countryside)
byword	n.	a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact of experience that is taken as true by many people
byzantine	n.	a native or inhabitant of Byzantium or of the Byzantine Empire
byzantine	adj.	of or relating to the Eastern Orthodox Church or the rites performed in it
byzantine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Byzantine Empire or the ancient city of Byzantium
byzantine	adj.	highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - Sir Walter Scott
byzantium	n.	an ancient city on the Bosporus founded by the Greeks; site of modern Istanbul; in 330 Constantine I rebuilt the city and called it Constantinople and made it his capital
byzantium	n.	a continuation of the Roman Empire in the Middle East after its division in 395
c	n.	a degree on the centigrade scale of temperature
c	n.	the speed at which light travels in a vacuum; the constancy and universality of the speed of light is recognized by defining it to be exactly 299,792,458 meters per second
c	n.	a vitamin found in fresh fruits (especially citrus fruits) and vegetables; prevents scurvy
c	n.	one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
c	n.	a base found in DNA and RNA and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with guanine
c	n.	an abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring in three allotropic forms: amorphous carbon and graphite and diamond; occurs in all organic compounds
c	n.	ten 10s
c	n.	a unit of electrical charge equal to the amount of charge transferred by a current of 1 ampere in 1 second
c	n.	a general-purpose programing language closely associated with the UNIX operating system
c	n.	(music) the keynote of the scale of C major
c	n.	the 3rd letter of the Roman alphabet
c	n.	street names for cocaine
c	adj.	being ten more than ninety
ca	n.	a white metallic element that burns with a brilliant light; the fifth most abundant element in the earth's crust; an important component of most plants and animals
ca	n.	a state in the western United States on the Pacific; the 3rd largest state; known for earthquakes
cab	n.	a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits
cab	n.	small two-wheeled horse-drawn carriage; with two seats and a folding hood
cab	n.	a car driven by a person whose job is to take passengers where they want to go in exchange for money
cab	v.	ride in a taxicab
cabal	n.	a clique (often secret) that seeks power usually through intrigue
cabal	n.	a plot to carry out some harmful or illegal act (especially a political plot)
cabal	v.	engage in plotting or enter into a conspiracy, swear together
cabana	n.	a small tent used as a dressing room beside the sea or a swimming pool
cabaret	n.	a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment (as singers or dancers) as well as dancing and food and drink
cabaret	n.	a series of acts at a night club
cabbage	n.	any of various types of cabbage
cabbage	n.	informal terms for money
cabbage	n.	any of various cultivars of the genus Brassica oleracea grown for their edible leaves or flowers
cabbage	v.	make off with belongings of others
cabby	n.	someone who drives a taxi for a living
cabdriver	n.	someone who drives a taxi for a living
cabernet	n.	superior Bordeaux type of red wine
cabin	n.	small room on a ship or boat where people sleep
cabin	n.	a small house built of wood; usually in a wooded area
cabin	n.	the enclosed compartment of an aircraft or spacecraft where passengers are carried
cabin	v.	confine to a small space, such as a cabin
cabinet	n.	a piece of furniture resembling a cupboard with doors and shelves and drawers; for storage or display
cabinet	n.	persons appointed by a head of state to head executive departments of government and act as official advisers
cabinet	n.	a storage compartment for clothes and valuables; usually it has a lock
cabinet	n.	housing for electronic instruments, as radio or television
cabinetmaker	n.	a woodworker who specializes in making furniture
cabinetmaking	n.	the craft of a joiner
cabinetry	n.	the craft of making furniture (especially furniture of high quality)
cabinetwork	n.	woodwork finished by hand by a cabinetmaker
cabinetwork	n.	the craft of making furniture (especially furniture of high quality)
cable	n.	a telegram sent abroad
cable	n.	a conductor for transmitting electrical or optical signals or electric power
cable	n.	a very strong thick rope made of twisted hemp or steel wire
cable	n.	a nautical unit of depth
cable	n.	television that is transmitted over cable directly to the receiver
cable	n.	a television system that transmits over cables
cable	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
cable	v.	fasten with a cable
cablegram	n.	a telegram sent abroad
cabochon	n.	a highly polished gem that is cut convexly but without facets
caboodle	n.	any collection in its entirety
caboose	n.	the area for food preparation on a ship
caboose	n.	a car on a freight train for use of the train crew; usually the last car on the train
cabot	n.	son of John Cabot who was born in Italy and who led an English expedition in search of the Northwest Passage and a Spanish expedition that explored the La Plata region of Brazil; in 1544 he published a map of the world (1476-1557)
cabot	n.	Italian explorer who led the English expedition in 1497 that discovered the mainland of North America and explored the coast from Nova Scotia to Newfoundland (ca. 1450-1498)
cabriolet	n.	small two-wheeled horse-drawn carriage; with two seats and a folding hood
cabstand	n.	a place where taxis park while awaiting customers
cacao	n.	tropical American tree producing cacao beans
cache	n.	a hidden storage space (for money or provisions or weapons)
cache	n.	a secret store of valuables or money
cache	n.	(computer science) RAM memory that is set aside as a specialized buffer storage that is continually updated; used to optimize data transfers between system elements with different characteristics
cache	v.	save up as for future use
cachet	n.	an indication of approved or superior status
cachet	n.	a warrant formerly issued by a French king who could warrant imprisonment or death in a signed letter under his seal
cachet	n.	a seal on a letter
cackle	n.	the sound made by a hen after laying an egg
cackle	n.	noisy talk
cackle	n.	a loud laugh suggestive of a hen's cackle
cackle	v.	talk or utter in a cackling manner
cackle	v.	squawk shrilly and loudly, characteristic of hens
cackle	v.	emit a loud, unpleasant kind of laughing
cackler	n.	a hen that has just laid an egg and emits a shrill squawk
cackler	n.	any of various insectivorous Old World birds with a loud incessant song; in some classifications considered members of the family Muscicapidae
cacophonous	adj.	having an unpleasant sound; - John McCarten
cacophony	n.	a loud harsh or strident noise
cacophony	n.	loud confusing disagreeable sounds
cacti	n.	any succulent plant of the family Cactaceae native chiefly to arid regions of the New World and usually having spines
cactus	n.	any succulent plant of the family Cactaceae native chiefly to arid regions of the New World and usually having spines
cad	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
cad	n.	software used in art and architecture and engineering and manufacturing to assist in precision drawing
cadaver	n.	the dead body of a human being
cadaverous	adj.	very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold
cadaverous	adj.	of or relating to a cadaver or corpse
caddie	n.	an attendant who carries the golf clubs for a player
caddie	v.	act as a caddie and carry clubs for a player
caddish	adj.	offensively discourteous
caddying	v.	act as a caddie and carry clubs for a player
cadence	n.	(prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse
cadence	n.	the close of a musical section
cadence	n.	a recurrent rhythmical series
cadenza	n.	a brilliant solo passage occurring near the end of a piece of music
cadet	n.	a military trainee (as at a military academy)
cadge	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
cadge	v.	obtain or seek to obtain by cadging or wheedling
cadger	n.	someone who mooches or cadges (tries to get something free)
cadiz	n.	an ancient port city in southwestern Spain
cadmium	n.	a soft bluish-white ductile malleable toxic bivalent metallic element; occurs in association with zinc ores
cadre	n.	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement
cadre	n.	a nucleus of military personnel capable of expansion
caducei	n.	an insignia used by the medical profession; modeled after the staff of Hermes
caduceus	n.	an insignia used by the medical profession; modeled after the staff of Hermes
caesar	n.	conqueror of Gaul and master of Italy (100-44 BC)
caesar	n.	United States comedian who pioneered comedy television shows (born 1922)
caesura	n.	a pause or interruption (as in a conversation)
caesura	n.	a break or pause (usually for sense) in the middle of a verse line
cafe	n.	a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold
cafeteria	n.	a restaurant where you serve yourself and pay a cashier
caff	n.	informal British term for a cafe
caffeine	n.	a bitter alkaloid found in coffee and tea that is responsible for their stimulating effects
caftan	n.	a woman's dress style that imitates the caftan cloaks worn by men in the Near East
caftan	n.	a (cotton or silk) cloak with full sleeves and sash reaching down to the ankles; worn by men in the Levant
cage	n.	an enclosure made or wire or metal bars in which birds or animals can be kept
cage	n.	something that restricts freedom as a cage restricts movement
cage	n.	United States composer of avant-garde music (1912-1992)
cage	n.	the net that is the goal in ice hockey
cage	n.	a movable screen placed behind home base to catch balls during batting practice
cage	v.	confine in a cage
cagey	adj.	showing self-interest and shrewdness in dealing with others
cagey	adj.	characterized by great caution and wariness
cagier	adj.	showing self-interest and shrewdness in dealing with others
cagier	adj.	characterized by great caution and wariness
cagiest	adj.	showing self-interest and shrewdness in dealing with others
cagiest	adj.	characterized by great caution and wariness
cagily	adv.	in a cagey manner
cagney	n.	United States film actor known for his portrayals of tough characters (1899-1986)
cagoule	n.	lightweight parka; waterproof
cahoot	n.	collusion
caiman	n.	a semiaquatic reptile of Central and South America that resembles an alligator but has a more heavily armored belly
cain	n.	(Old Testament) Cain and Abel were the first children of Adam and Eve born after the Fall of Man; Cain killed Abel out of jealousy and was exiled by God
cairn	n.	a mound of stones piled up as a memorial or to mark a boundary or path
cairn	n.	small rough-haired breed of terrier from Scotland
cairo	n.	a town at the southern tip of Illinois at the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers
cairo	n.	the capital of Egypt and the largest city in Africa; a major port just to the south of the Nile delta; formerly the home of the Pharaohs
caisson	n.	an ornamental sunken panel in a ceiling or dome
caisson	n.	a two-wheeled military vehicle carrying artillery ammunition
caisson	n.	a chest to hold ammunition
caisson	n.	large watertight chamber used for construction under water
caitiff	n.	a cowardly and despicable person
caitiff	adj.	despicably mean and cowardly
cajole	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
cajolery	n.	flattery intended to persuade
cajun	n.	a Louisianian descended from Acadian immigrants from Nova Scotia (`Cajun' comes from `Acadian')
cake	n.	a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax)
cake	n.	small flat mass of chopped food
cake	n.	baked goods made from or based on a mixture of flour, sugar, eggs, and fat
cake	v.	form a coat over
cakewalk	n.	a strutting dance based on a march; was performed in minstrel shows; originated as a competition among Black dancers to win a cake
cakewalk	n.	an easy accomplishment
cakewalk	v.	perform the cakewalk dance
calabash	n.	round gourd of the calabash tree
calabash	n.	tropical American evergreen that produces large round gourds
calabash	n.	Old World climbing plant with hard-shelled bottle-shaped gourds as fruits
calabash	n.	bottle made from the dried shell of a bottle gourd
calabash	n.	a pipe for smoking; has a curved stem and a large bowl made from a calabash gourd
calais	n.	a town in northern France on the Strait of Dover that serves as a ferry port to England; in 1347 it was captured by the English king Edward III after a long siege and remained in English hands until it was recaptured by the French king Henry II in 1558
calamari	n.	(Italian cuisine) squid prepared as food
calamine	n.	a white mineral; a common ore of zinc
calamitous	adj.	(of events) having extremely unfortunate or dire consequences; bringing ruin; ; ; ; - Charles Darwin; - Douglas MacArthur
calamity	n.	an event resulting in great loss and misfortune
calcareous	adj.	composed of or containing or resembling calcium carbonate or calcite or chalk
calciferous	adj.	bearing or producing or containing calcium or calcium carbonate or calcite
calcification	n.	a process that impregnates something with calcium (or calcium salts)
calcification	n.	tissue hardened by deposition of lime salts
calcification	n.	an inflexible and unchanging state
calcify	v.	become impregnated with calcium salts
calcify	v.	become inflexible and unchanging
calcify	v.	turn into lime; become calcified
calcify	v.	convert into lime
calcimine	n.	a water-base paint containing zinc oxide and glue and coloring; used as a wash for walls and ceilings
calcimine	v.	cover with calcimine
calcine	v.	heat a substance so that it oxidizes or reduces
calcite	n.	a common mineral consisting of crystallized calcium carbonate; a major constituent of limestone
calcium	n.	a white metallic element that burns with a brilliant light; the fifth most abundant element in the earth's crust; an important component of most plants and animals
calculable	adj.	capable of being calculated or estimated
calculate	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
calculate	v.	judge to be probable
calculate	v.	keep an account of
calculate	v.	predict in advance
calculate	v.	specifically design a product, event, or activity for a certain public
calculate	v.	have faith or confidence in
calculated	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
calculated	v.	judge to be probable
calculated	v.	keep an account of
calculated	v.	predict in advance
calculated	v.	specifically design a product, event, or activity for a certain public
calculated	v.	have faith or confidence in
calculated	adj.	carefully thought out in advance
calculating	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
calculating	v.	judge to be probable
calculating	v.	keep an account of
calculating	v.	predict in advance
calculating	v.	specifically design a product, event, or activity for a certain public
calculating	v.	have faith or confidence in
calculating	adj.	used of persons
calculation	n.	the procedure of calculating; determining something by mathematical or logical methods
calculation	n.	problem solving that involves numbers or quantities
calculation	n.	planning something carefully and intentionally
calculator	n.	an expert at calculation (or at operating calculating machines)
calculator	n.	a small machine that is used for mathematical calculations
calculi	n.	a hard lump produced by the concretion of mineral salts; found in hollow organs or ducts of the body
calculi	n.	an incrustation that forms on the teeth and gums
calculi	n.	the branch of mathematics that is concerned with limits and with the differentiation and integration of functions
calculus	n.	a hard lump produced by the concretion of mineral salts; found in hollow organs or ducts of the body
calculus	n.	an incrustation that forms on the teeth and gums
calculus	n.	the branch of mathematics that is concerned with limits and with the differentiation and integration of functions
calcutta	n.	the largest city in India and one of the largest cities in the world; located in eastern India; suffers from poverty and overcrowding
calder	n.	United States sculptor who first created mobiles and stabiles (1898-1976)
caldera	n.	a large crater caused by the violent explosion of a volcano that collapses into a depression
calderon	n.	Spanish poet and dramatist considered one of the great Spanish writers (1600-1681)
caldwell	n.	United States author remembered for novels about poverty and degeneration (1903-1987)
caledonia	n.	the geographical area (in Roman times) to the north of the Antonine Wall; now a poetic name for Scotland
calendar	n.	a system of timekeeping that defines the beginning and length and divisions of the year
calendar	n.	a list or register of events (appointments or social events or court cases etc)
calendar	n.	a tabular array of the days (usually for one year)
calendar	v.	enter into a calendar
calf	n.	young of domestic cattle
calf	n.	the muscular back part of the shank
calf	n.	fine leather from the skin of a calf
calf	n.	young of various large placental mammals e.g. whale or giraffe or elephant or buffalo
calfskin	n.	fine leather from the skin of a calf
calgary	n.	the largest city in southern Alberta; an oil and gas center and a technology center for Alberta and most of western Canada
cali	n.	city in southwestern Colombia in a rich agricultural area
caliber	n.	a degree or grade of excellence or worth
caliber	n.	diameter of a tube or gun barrel
calibrate	v.	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring
calibrate	v.	mark (the scale of a measuring instrument) so that it can be read in the desired units
calibrate	v.	measure the caliber of
calibration	n.	the act of checking or adjusting (by comparison with a standard) the accuracy of a measuring instrument
calico	n.	coarse cloth with a bright print
calico	adj.	made of calico or resembling calico in being patterned
calico	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
calicoes	n.	coarse cloth with a bright print
calif	n.	the civil and religious leader of a Muslim state considered to be a representative of Allah on earth
california	n.	a state in the western United States on the Pacific; the 3rd largest state; known for earthquakes
californian	n.	a native or resident of California
californian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of California or its inhabitants
californium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element; discovered by bombarding curium with alpha particles
caligula	n.	Roman Emperor who succeeded Tiberius and whose uncontrolled passions resulted in manifest insanity; noted for his cruelty and tyranny; was assassinated (12-41)
caliper	n.	an instrument for measuring the distance between two points (often used in the plural)
caliper	v.	measure the diameter of something with calipers
caliph	n.	the civil and religious leader of a Muslim state considered to be a representative of Allah on earth
caliphate	n.	the era of Islam's ascendancy from the death of Mohammed until the 13th century; some Moslems still maintain that the Moslem world must always have a calif as head of the community
caliphate	n.	the territorial jurisdiction of a caliph
caliphate	n.	the office of a caliph
caliphs	n.	the civil and religious leader of a Muslim state considered to be a representative of Allah on earth
calisthenic	adj.	of or relating to calisthenics
calisthenics	n.	the practice of calisthenic exercises
calisthenics	n.	light exercises designed to promote general fitness
calk	n.	a metal cleat on the bottom front of a horseshoe to prevent slipping
calk	v.	provide with calks
calk	v.	seal with caulking
calk	v.	injure with a calk
call	n.	a telephone connection
call	n.	a special disposition (as if from a divine source) to pursue a particular course
call	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
call	n.	a demand especially in the phrase
call	n.	the characteristic sound produced by a bird
call	n.	a brief social visit
call	n.	a demand by a broker that a customer deposit enough to bring his margin up to the minimum requirement
call	n.	a demand for a show of hands in a card game
call	n.	a request
call	n.	an instruction that interrupts the program being executed
call	n.	a visit in an official or professional capacity
call	n.	(sports) the decision made by an umpire or referee
call	n.	the option to buy a given stock (or stock index or commodity future) at a given price before a given date
call	v.	assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
call	v.	ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality
call	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
call	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
call	v.	order, request, or command to come
call	v.	pay a brief visit
call	v.	call a meeting; invite or command to meet
call	v.	read aloud to check for omissions or absentees
call	v.	send a message or attempt to reach someone by radio, phone, etc.; make a signal to in order to transmit a message
call	v.	utter a characteristic note or cry
call	v.	stop or postpone because of adverse conditions, such as bad weather
call	v.	greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name
call	v.	make a stop in a harbour
call	v.	demand payment of (a loan)
call	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
call	v.	give the calls (to the dancers) for a square dance
call	v.	indicate a decision in regard to
call	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
call	v.	require the presentation of for redemption before maturation
call	v.	challenge (somebody) to make good on a statement; charge with or censure for an offense
call	v.	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee
call	v.	lure by imitating the characteristic call of an animal
call	v.	order or request or give a command for
call	v.	order, summon, or request for a specific duty or activity, work, role
call	v.	utter in a loud voice or announce
call	v.	challenge the sincerity or truthfulness of
call	v.	consider or regard as being
call	v.	rouse somebody from sleep with a call
calla	n.	South African plant widely cultivated for its showy pure white spathe and yellow spadix
calla	n.	water arum
callable	adj.	subject to a demand for payment before due date
callas	n.	Greek coloratura soprano (born in the United States) known for her dramatic intensity in operatic roles (1923-1977)
callas	n.	South African plant widely cultivated for its showy pure white spathe and yellow spadix
callas	n.	water arum
callback	n.	a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as for replacement or repair)
called	v.	assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
called	v.	ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality
called	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
called	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
called	v.	order, request, or command to come
called	v.	pay a brief visit
called	v.	call a meeting; invite or command to meet
called	v.	read aloud to check for omissions or absentees
called	v.	send a message or attempt to reach someone by radio, phone, etc.; make a signal to in order to transmit a message
called	v.	utter a characteristic note or cry
called	v.	stop or postpone because of adverse conditions, such as bad weather
called	v.	greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name
called	v.	make a stop in a harbour
called	v.	demand payment of (a loan)
called	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
called	v.	give the calls (to the dancers) for a square dance
called	v.	indicate a decision in regard to
called	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
called	v.	require the presentation of for redemption before maturation
called	v.	challenge (somebody) to make good on a statement; charge with or censure for an offense
called	v.	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee
called	v.	lure by imitating the characteristic call of an animal
called	v.	order or request or give a command for
called	v.	order, summon, or request for a specific duty or activity, work, role
called	v.	utter in a loud voice or announce
called	v.	challenge the sincerity or truthfulness of
called	v.	consider or regard as being
called	v.	rouse somebody from sleep with a call
caller	n.	a social or business visitor
caller	n.	an investor who buys a call option
caller	n.	the bettor in a card game who matches the bet and calls for a show of hands
caller	n.	a person who announces the changes of steps during a dance
caller	n.	someone who proclaims or summons in a loud voice
caller	n.	the person who convenes a meeting
caller	n.	the person initiating a telephone call
caller	adj.	providing coolness
caller	adj.	fresh
calligrapher	n.	someone skilled in penmanship
calligraphic	adj.	of or relating to or expressed in calligraphy
calligraphist	n.	someone skilled in penmanship
calligraphy	n.	beautiful handwriting
calling	n.	the particular occupation for which you are trained
calling	v.	assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
calling	v.	ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality
calling	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
calling	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
calling	v.	order, request, or command to come
calling	v.	pay a brief visit
calling	v.	call a meeting; invite or command to meet
calling	v.	read aloud to check for omissions or absentees
calling	v.	send a message or attempt to reach someone by radio, phone, etc.; make a signal to in order to transmit a message
calling	v.	utter a characteristic note or cry
calling	v.	stop or postpone because of adverse conditions, such as bad weather
calling	v.	greet, as with a prescribed form, title, or name
calling	v.	make a stop in a harbour
calling	v.	demand payment of (a loan)
calling	v.	make a demand, as for a card or a suit or a show of hands
calling	v.	give the calls (to the dancers) for a square dance
calling	v.	indicate a decision in regard to
calling	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
calling	v.	require the presentation of for redemption before maturation
calling	v.	challenge (somebody) to make good on a statement; charge with or censure for an offense
calling	v.	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee
calling	v.	lure by imitating the characteristic call of an animal
calling	v.	order or request or give a command for
calling	v.	order, summon, or request for a specific duty or activity, work, role
calling	v.	utter in a loud voice or announce
calling	v.	challenge the sincerity or truthfulness of
calling	v.	consider or regard as being
calling	v.	rouse somebody from sleep with a call
calliope	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of epic poetry
calliope	n.	a musical instrument consisting of a series of steam whistles played from a keyboard
callisto	n.	the second largest of Jupiter's satellites
callosity	n.	an area of skin that is thick or hard from continual pressure or friction (as the sole of the foot)
callosity	n.	devoid of passion or feeling; hardheartedness
callous	v.	make insensitive or callous; deaden feelings or morals
callous	adj.	emotionally hardened
callous	adj.	having calluses; having skin made tough and thick through wear
callousness	n.	devoid of passion or feeling; hardheartedness
callow	adj.	young and inexperienced
callowness	n.	lacking and evidencing lack of experience of life
callus	n.	an area of skin that is thick or hard from continual pressure or friction (as the sole of the foot)
callus	n.	bony tissue formed during the healing of a fractured bone
callus	n.	(botany) an isolated thickening of tissue, especially a stiff protuberance on the lip of an orchid
callus	v.	cause a callus to form on
callus	v.	form a callus or calluses
calm	n.	steadiness of mind under stress
calm	n.	wind moving at less than 1 knot; 0 on the Beaufort scale
calm	v.	make calm or still
calm	v.	make steady
calm	v.	become quiet or calm, especially after a state of agitation
calm	v.	cause to be calm or quiet as by administering a sedative to
calm	adj.	not agitated; without losing self-possession
calm	adj.	(of weather) free from storm or wind
calmness	n.	steadiness of mind under stress
calmness	n.	an absence of strong winds or rain
calmness	n.	a feeling of calm; an absence of agitation or excitement
caloocan	n.	a suburb of Manila in southwestern Luzon
caloric	adj.	relating to or associated with heat
caloric	adj.	of or relating to calories in food
calorie	n.	a unit of heat equal to the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one kilogram of water by one degree at one atmosphere pressure; used by nutritionists to characterize the energy-producing potential in food
calorie	n.	unit of heat defined as the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 gram of water by 1 degree centigrade at atmospheric pressure
calorific	adj.	heat-generating
calumet	n.	a highly decorated ceremonial pipe of Amerindians; smoked on ceremonial occasions (especially as a token of peace)
calumniate	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
calumniation	n.	a false accusation of an offense or a malicious misrepresentation of someone's words or actions
calumnious	adj.	(used of statements) harmful and often untrue; tending to discredit or malign
calumny	n.	a false accusation of an offense or a malicious misrepresentation of someone's words or actions
calumny	n.	an abusive attack on a person's character or good name
calvary	n.	a hill near Jerusalem where Jesus was crucified
calvary	n.	any experience that causes intense suffering
calve	v.	release ice
calve	v.	birth
calvin	n.	United States chemist noted for discovering the series of chemical reactions in photosynthesis (1911-)
calvin	n.	Swiss theologian (born in France) whose tenets (predestination and the irresistibility of grace and justification by faith) defined Presbyterianism (1509-1564)
calvinism	n.	the theological system of John Calvin and his followers emphasizing omnipotence of God and salvation by grace alone
calvinist	n.	an adherent of the theological doctrines of John Calvin
calvinist	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Calvinism or its adherents
calvinistic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Calvinism or its adherents
calypso	n.	rare north temperate bog orchid bearing a solitary white to pink flower marked with purple at the tip of an erect reddish stalk above 1 basal leaf
calypso	n.	(Greek mythology) the sea nymph who detained Odysseus for seven years
calyx	n.	(botany) the whorl of sepals of a flower collectively forming the outer floral envelope or layer of the perianth enclosing and supporting the developing bud; usually green
cam	n.	a river in east central England that flows past Cambridge to join the Ouse River
cam	n.	a rotating disk shaped to convert circular into linear motion
camaraderie	n.	the quality of affording easy familiarity and sociability
camber	n.	a slight convexity (as of the surface of a road)
camber	n.	a slope in the turn of a road or track; the outside is higher than the inside in order to reduce the effects of centrifugal force
camber	n.	the alignment of the wheels of a motor vehicle closer together at the bottom than at the top
camber	v.	curve upward in the middle
cambial	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as a cambium
cambium	n.	a formative one-cell layer of tissue between xylem and phloem in most vascular plants that is responsible for secondary growth
cambium	n.	the inner layer of the periosteum
cambodia	n.	a nation in southeastern Asia; was part of Indochina under French rule until 1946
cambodian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cambodia
cambodian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Cambodia or its people or language
cambrian	n.	from 544 million to about 500 million years ago; marine invertebrates
cambrian	n.	a native or resident of Wales
cambrian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Wales or its people or their language
cambric	n.	a finely woven white linen
cambridge	n.	a university in England
cambridge	n.	a city in Massachusetts just to the north of Boston; site of Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
cambridge	n.	a city in eastern England on the River Cam; site of Cambridge University
camcorder	n.	a portable television camera and videocassette recorder
camden	n.	a city in southwestern New Jersey on the Delaware River near Philadelphia
came	v.	move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody
came	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
came	v.	come to pass; arrive, as in due course
came	v.	reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position
came	v.	to be the product or result
came	v.	be found or available
came	v.	come forth
came	v.	be a native of
came	v.	extend or reach
came	v.	exist or occur in a certain point in a series
came	v.	cover a certain distance
came	v.	come under, be classified or included
came	v.	happen as a result
came	v.	add up in number or quantity
came	v.	develop into
came	v.	be received
came	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
came	v.	come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example
came	v.	proceed or get along
came	v.	experience orgasm
came	v.	have a certain priority
camel	n.	cud-chewing mammal used as a draft or saddle animal in desert regions
camelhair	n.	a soft tan cloth made with the hair of a camel
camellia	n.	any of several shrubs or small evergreen trees having solitary white or pink or reddish flowers
camelot	n.	(Arthurian legend) the capital of King Arthur's kingdom; according to the legend, truth and goodness and beauty reigned there
camembert	n.	rich soft creamy French cheese
cameo	n.	engraving or carving in low relief on a stone (as in a brooch or ring)
camera	n.	equipment for taking photographs (usually consisting of a lightproof box with a lens at one end and light-sensitive film at the other)
camera	n.	television equipment consisting of a lens system that focuses an image on a photosensitive mosaic that is scanned by an electron beam
cameraman	n.	a photographer who operates a movie camera
cameramen	n.	a photographer who operates a movie camera
cameroon	n.	an inactive volcano in western Cameroon; highest peak on the West African coast
cameroon	n.	a republic on the western coast of central Africa; was under French and British control until 1960
cameroonian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cameroon
cameroonian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Cameroon or its people
camisole	n.	a short sleeveless undergarment for women
camisole	n.	a short negligee
camouflage	n.	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something
camouflage	n.	fabric dyed with splotches of green and brown and black and tan; intended to make the wearer of a garment made of this fabric hard to distinguish from the background
camouflage	n.	device or stratagem for concealment or deceit
camouflage	n.	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance
camouflage	v.	disguise by camouflaging; exploit the natural surroundings to disguise something
camp	n.	temporary living quarters specially built by the army for soldiers
camp	n.	a group of people living together in a camp
camp	n.	temporary lodgings in the country for travelers or vacationers
camp	n.	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose
camp	n.	a penal institution (often for forced labor)
camp	n.	something that is considered amusing not because of its originality but because of its unoriginality
camp	n.	shelter for persons displaced by war or political oppression or for religious beliefs
camp	n.	a site where care and activities are provided for children during the summer months
camp	v.	live in or as if in a tent
camp	v.	establish or set up a camp
camp	v.	give an artificially banal or sexual quality to
camp	adj.	providing sophisticated amusement by virtue of having artificially (and vulgarly) mannered or banal or sentimental qualities
campaign	n.	a race between candidates for elective office
campaign	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
campaign	n.	several related operations aimed at achieving a particular goal (usually within geographical and temporal constraints)
campaign	n.	an overland journey by hunters (especially in Africa)
campaign	v.	run, stand, or compete for an office or a position
campaign	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
campaign	v.	go on a campaign; go off to war
campaigner	n.	a politician who is running for public office
campanile	n.	a bell tower; usually stands alone unattached to a building
campbell	n.	United States mythologist (1904-1987)
camper	n.	someone living temporarily in a tent or lodge for recreation
camper	n.	a recreational vehicle equipped for camping out while traveling
campfire	n.	a small outdoor fire for warmth or cooking (as at a camp)
campground	n.	a site where people on holiday can pitch a tent
camphor	n.	a resin obtained from the camphor tree; used in making celluloid and liniment
camping	n.	the act of encamping and living in tents in a camp
camping	v.	live in or as if in a tent
camping	v.	establish or set up a camp
camping	v.	give an artificially banal or sexual quality to
campsite	n.	a site where people on holiday can pitch a tent
campus	n.	a field on which the buildings of a university are situated
campy	adj.	providing sophisticated amusement by virtue of having artificially (and vulgarly) mannered or banal or sentimental qualities
camshaft	n.	has cams attached to it
camus	n.	French writer who portrayed the human condition as isolated in an absurd world (1913-1960)
can	n.	airtight sealed metal container for food or drink or paint etc.
can	n.	the quantity contained in a can
can	n.	a buoy with a round bottom and conical top
can	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
can	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
can	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
can	v.	preserve in a can or tin
can	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
canaan	n.	an ancient country in southwestern Asia on the east coast of the Mediterranean Sea; a place of pilgrimage for Christianity and Islam and Judaism
canaanite	n.	a member of an ancient Semitic people who occupied Canaan before it was conquered by the Israelites
canaanite	n.	the extinct language of the Semitic people who occupied Canaan before the Israelite conquest
canada	n.	a nation in northern North America; the French were the first Europeans to settle in mainland Canada
canadian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Canada
canadian	n.	a river rising in northeastern New Mexico and flowing eastward across the Texas panhandle to become a tributary of the Arkansas River in Oklahoma
canadian	adj.	of or relating to Canada or its people
canal	n.	(astronomy) an indistinct surface feature of Mars once thought to be a system of channels; they are now believed to be an optical illusion
canal	n.	a bodily passage or tube lined with epithelial cells and conveying a secretion or other substance
canal	n.	long and narrow strip of water made for boats or for irrigation
canal	v.	provide (a city) with a canal
canalization	n.	the production of a canal or a conversion to canals
canalization	n.	management through specified channels of communication
canalize	v.	provide (a city) with a canal
canalize	v.	direct the flow of
canape	n.	an appetizer consisting usually of a thin slice of bread or toast spread with caviar or cheese or other savory food
canard	n.	a deliberately misleading fabrication
canaries	n.	a group of mountainous islands in the Atlantic off the northwest coast of Africa forming Spanish provinces
canaries	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
canaries	n.	a female singer
canaries	n.	a moderate yellow with a greenish tinge
canaries	n.	any of several small Old World finches
canary	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
canary	n.	a female singer
canary	n.	a moderate yellow with a greenish tinge
canary	n.	any of several small Old World finches
canary	adj.	having the color of a canary; of a light to moderate yellow
canasta	n.	a form of rummy using two decks of cards and four jokers; jokers and deuces are wild; the object is to form groups of the same rank
canberra	n.	the capital of Australia; located in southeastern Australia
cancan	n.	a high-kicking dance of French origin performed by a female chorus line
cancel	n.	a notation cancelling a previous sharp or flat
cancel	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
cancel	v.	make up for
cancel	v.	declare null and void; make ineffective
cancel	v.	remove or make invisible
cancel	v.	make invalid for use
cancellation	n.	the act of cancelling; calling off some arrangement
cancellation	n.	the speech act of revoking or annulling or making void
cancer	n.	any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to other parts of the body through the lymphatic system or the blood stream
cancer	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Cancer
cancer	n.	a small zodiacal constellation in the northern hemisphere; between Leo and Gemini
cancer	n.	the fourth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about June 21 to July 22
cancer	n.	type genus of the family Cancridae
cancerous	adj.	relating to or affected with cancer
cancerous	adj.	like a cancer; an evil that grows and spreads
cancun	n.	a popular island resort off the northeastern tip of the Yucatan peninsula
candelabra	n.	branched candlestick; ornamental; has several lights
candelabrum	n.	branched candlestick; ornamental; has several lights
candid	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
candid	adj.	informal or natural; especially caught off guard or unprepared
candid	adj.	openly straightforward and direct without reserve or secretiveness
candida	n.	any of the yeastlike imperfect fungi of the genus Candida
candidacy	n.	the campaign of a candidate to be elected
candidate	n.	a politician who is running for public office
candidate	n.	someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc.)
candidature	n.	the campaign of a candidate to be elected
candidness	n.	the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
candle	n.	stick of wax with a wick in the middle
candle	n.	the basic unit of luminous intensity adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; equal to 1/60 of the luminous intensity per square centimeter of a black body radiating at the temperature of 2,046 degrees Kelvin
candle	v.	examine eggs for freshness by holding them against a light
candlelight	n.	the light provided by a burning candle
candlepower	n.	luminous intensity measured in candelas
candlestick	n.	a holder with sockets for candles
candlewick	n.	the wick of a candle
candlewick	n.	loops of soft yarn are cut to give a tufted pattern
candor	n.	ability to make judgments free from discrimination or dishonesty
candor	n.	the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
candy	n.	a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts
candy	v.	coat with something sweet, such as a hard sugar glaze
candyfloss	n.	a candy made by spinning sugar that has been boiled to a high temperature
cane	n.	a stick that people can lean on to help them walk
cane	n.	a strong slender often flexible stem as of bamboos, reeds, rattans, or sugar cane
cane	n.	a stiff switch used to hit students as punishment
cane	v.	beat with a cane
canebrake	n.	a dense growth of cane (especially giant cane)
canine	n.	one of the four pointed conical teeth (two in each jaw) located between the incisors and the premolars
canine	n.	any of various fissiped mammals with nonretractile claws and typically long muzzles
canine	adj.	of or relating to a pointed conical tooth
canine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of members of the family Canidae
canister	n.	a metallic cylinder packed with shot and used as ammunition in a firearm
canister	n.	metal container for storing dry foods such as tea or flour
canker	n.	a fungal disease of woody plants that causes localized damage to the bark
canker	n.	an ulceration (especially of the lips or lining of the mouth)
canker	n.	a pernicious and malign influence that is hard to get rid of
canker	v.	become infected with a canker
canker	v.	infect with a canker
cankerous	adj.	having an ulcer or canker
cannabis	n.	any plant of the genus Cannabis; a coarse bushy annual with palmate leaves and clusters of small green flowers; yields tough fibers and narcotic drugs
cannabis	n.	the most commonly used illicit drug; considered a soft drug, it consists of the dried leaves of the hemp plant; smoked or chewed for euphoric effect
canned	v.	preserve in a can or tin
canned	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
canned	adj.	recorded for broadcast
canned	adj.	sealed in a can or jar
cannelloni	n.	tubular pasta filled with meat or cheese
cannery	n.	a factory where food is canned
cannes	n.	a port and resort city on the French Riviera; site of an annual film festival
cannibal	n.	a person who eats human flesh
cannibalism	n.	the practice of eating the flesh of your own kind
cannibalistic	adj.	characteristic of cannibals or exhibiting cannibalism
cannibalize	v.	eat human flesh
cannibalize	v.	use parts of something to repair something else
cannily	adv.	with foresight
canning	v.	preserve in a can or tin
canning	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
cannon	n.	a large artillery gun that is usually on wheels
cannon	n.	heavy gun fired from a tank
cannon	n.	(Middle Ages) a cylindrical piece of armor plate to protect the arm
cannon	n.	heavy automatic gun fired from an airplane
cannon	n.	lower part of the leg extending from the hock to the fetlock in hoofed mammals
cannon	n.	a shot in billiards in which the cue ball contacts one object ball and then the other
cannon	v.	make a cannon
cannon	v.	fire a cannon
cannonade	n.	intense and continuous artillery fire
cannonade	v.	attack with cannons or artillery
cannonball	n.	a solid projectile that in former times was fired from a cannon
canny	adj.	showing self-interest and shrewdness in dealing with others
canoe	n.	small and light boat; pointed at both ends; propelled with a paddle
canoe	v.	travel by canoe
canoeing	v.	travel by canoe
canoeist	n.	someone paddling a canoe
canola	n.	vegetable oil made from rapeseed; it is high in monounsaturated fatty acids
canon	n.	a rule or especially body of rules or principles generally established as valid and fundamental in a field or art or philosophy
canon	n.	a priest who is a member of a cathedral chapter
canon	n.	a ravine formed by a river in an area with little rainfall
canon	n.	a contrapuntal piece of music in which a melody in one part is imitated exactly in other parts
canon	n.	a complete list of saints that have been recognized by the Roman Catholic Church
canon	n.	a collection of books accepted as holy scripture especially the books of the Bible recognized by any Christian church as genuine and inspired
canonical	adj.	appearing in a biblical canon
canonical	adj.	of or relating to or required by canon law
canonical	adj.	reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality
canonical	adj.	conforming to orthodox or recognized rules; - Sinclair Lewis
canonization	n.	(Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Church) the act of admitting a deceased person into the canon of saints
canonize	v.	declare (a dead person) to be a saint
canonize	v.	treat as a sacred person
canoodle	v.	fondle or pet affectionately
canopus	n.	supergiant star 650 light years from Earth; second brightest star in the sky
canopy	n.	the transparent covering of an aircraft cockpit
canopy	n.	the umbrellalike part of a parachute that fills with air
canopy	n.	a covering (usually of cloth) that serves as a roof to shelter an area from the weather
canopy	v.	cover with a canopy
cant	n.	stock phrases that have become nonsense through endless repetition
cant	n.	a slope in the turn of a road or track; the outside is higher than the inside in order to reduce the effects of centrifugal force
cant	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
cant	n.	insincere talk about religion or morals
cant	n.	two surfaces meeting at an angle different from 90 degrees
cant	v.	heel over
cantabile	adj.	smooth and flowing
cantabrigian	n.	a resident of Cambridge
cantaloupe	n.	a variety of muskmelon vine having fruit with a tan rind and orange flesh
cantaloupe	n.	the fruit of a cantaloup vine; small to medium-sized melon with yellowish flesh
cantankerous	adj.	stubbornly obstructive and unwilling to cooperate; - Spectator
cantankerous	adj.	having a difficult and contrary disposition; - Dorothy Sayers
cantata	n.	a musical composition for voices and orchestra based on a religious text
canteen	n.	a flask for carrying water; used by soldiers or travelers
canteen	n.	sells food and personal items to personnel at an institution or school or camp etc.
canteen	n.	a restaurant outside; often for soldiers or policemen
canteen	n.	a recreation room in an institution
canteen	n.	restaurant in a factory; where workers can eat
canter	n.	a smooth three-beat gait; between a trot and a gallop
canter	v.	ride at a canter
canter	v.	go at a canter, of horses
canter	v.	ride at a cantering pace
canterbury	n.	a town in Kent in southeastern England; site of the cathedral where Thomas a Becket was martyred in 1170; seat of the archbishop and primate of the Anglican Church
cantered	v.	ride at a canter
cantered	v.	go at a canter, of horses
cantered	v.	ride at a cantering pace
cantering	v.	ride at a canter
cantering	v.	go at a canter, of horses
cantering	v.	ride at a cantering pace
cantering	adj.	riding at a gait between a trot and a gallop
canticle	n.	a hymn derived from the Bible
cantilever	n.	projecting horizontal beam fixed at one end only
cantilever	v.	project as a cantilever
cantilever	v.	construct with girders and beams such that only one end is fixed
canto	n.	the highest part (usually the melody) in a piece of choral music
canto	n.	a major division of a long poem
canton	n.	a city on the Zhu Jiang delta in southern China; the capital of Guangdong province and a major deep-water port
canton	n.	a small administrative division of a country
canton	v.	provide housing for (military personnel)
canton	v.	divide into cantons, of a country
cantonal	adj.	of or relating to a canton
cantonese	n.	the dialect of Chinese spoken in Canton and neighboring provinces and in Hong Kong and elsewhere outside China
cantonment	n.	temporary living quarters specially built by the army for soldiers
cantor	n.	the musical director of a choir
cantor	n.	the official of a synagogue who conducts the liturgical part of the service and sings or chants the prayers intended to be performed as solos
canute	n.	king of Denmark and Norway who forced Edmund II to divide England with him; on the death of Edmund II, Canute became king of all England (994-1035)
canvas	n.	a heavy, closely woven fabric (used for clothing or chairs or sails or tents)
canvas	n.	an oil painting on canvas fabric
canvas	n.	the setting for a narrative or fictional or dramatic account
canvas	n.	a tent made of canvas fabric
canvas	n.	a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel
canvas	n.	the mat that forms the floor of the ring in which boxers or professional wrestlers compete
canvas	v.	solicit votes from potential voters in an electoral campaign
canvas	v.	get the opinions (of people) by asking specific questions
canvas	v.	cover with canvas
canvas	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
canvasback	n.	North American wild duck valued for sport and food
canvass	n.	the setting for a narrative or fictional or dramatic account
canvass	n.	an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a random sample of people
canvass	n.	a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel
canvass	n.	a tent made of canvas fabric
canvass	n.	an oil painting on canvas fabric
canvass	n.	the mat that forms the floor of the ring in which boxers or professional wrestlers compete
canvass	n.	a heavy, closely woven fabric (used for clothing or chairs or sails or tents)
canvass	v.	get the opinions (of people) by asking specific questions
canvass	v.	solicit votes from potential voters in an electoral campaign
canvass	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
canvass	v.	cover with canvas
canvasser	n.	a petitioner who solicits contributions or trade or votes
canvasser	n.	someone who examines votes at an election
canvasser	n.	someone who conducts surveys of public opinion
canvasser	n.	a person who takes or counts votes
canyon	n.	a ravine formed by a river in an area with little rainfall
cap	n.	a tight-fitting headdress
cap	n.	a top (as for a bottle)
cap	n.	a mechanical or electrical explosive device or a small amount of explosive; can be used to initiate the reaction of a disrupting explosive
cap	n.	something serving as a cover or protection
cap	n.	a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom
cap	n.	a protective covering that is part of a plant
cap	n.	an upper limit on what is allowed
cap	n.	(dentistry) dental appliance consisting of an artificial crown for a broken or decayed tooth
cap	n.	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature
cap	v.	lie at the top of
cap	v.	restrict the number or amount of
capabilities	n.	the quality of being capable -- physically or intellectually or legally
capabilities	n.	the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment
capabilities	n.	an aptitude that may be developed
capability	n.	the quality of being capable -- physically or intellectually or legally
capability	n.	the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment
capability	n.	an aptitude that may be developed
capable	adj.	(usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability
capable	adj.	possibly accepting or permitting
capable	adj.	(followed by `of') having the temperament or inclination for
capable	adj.	having the requisite qualities for
capable	adj.	have the skills and qualifications to do things well
capably	adv.	with competence; in a competent capable manner
capacious	adj.	large in capacity
capaciousness	n.	intellectual breadth
capaciousness	n.	spatial largeness and extensiveness (especially inside a building)
capacitance	n.	an electrical phenomenon whereby an electric charge is stored
capacitance	n.	an electrical device characterized by its capacity to store an electric charge
capacities	n.	capability to perform or produce
capacities	n.	the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment
capacities	n.	the amount that can be contained
capacities	n.	the maximum production possible
capacities	n.	a specified function
capacities	n.	(computer science) the amount of information (in bytes) that can be stored on a disk drive
capacities	n.	an electrical phenomenon whereby an electric charge is stored
capacities	n.	the power to learn or retain knowledge; in law, the ability to understand the facts and significance of your behavior
capacities	n.	tolerance for alcohol
capacitor	n.	an electrical device characterized by its capacity to store an electric charge
capacity	n.	capability to perform or produce
capacity	n.	the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment
capacity	n.	the amount that can be contained
capacity	n.	the maximum production possible
capacity	n.	a specified function
capacity	n.	(computer science) the amount of information (in bytes) that can be stored on a disk drive
capacity	n.	an electrical phenomenon whereby an electric charge is stored
capacity	n.	the power to learn or retain knowledge; in law, the ability to understand the facts and significance of your behavior
capacity	n.	tolerance for alcohol
caparison	n.	stable gear consisting of a decorated covering for a horse, especially (formerly) for a warhorse
caparison	v.	put a caparison on
cape	n.	a strip of land projecting into a body of water
cape	n.	a sleeveless garment like a cloak but shorter
capek	n.	Czech writer who introduced the word `robot' into the English language (1890-1938)
capella	n.	the brightest star in Auriga
capella	n.	snipes
caper	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Capparis
caper	n.	pickled flower buds used as a pungent relish in various dishes and sauces
caper	n.	a crime (especially a robbery)
caper	n.	a playful leap or hop
caper	n.	gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement
caper	n.	a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement
caper	v.	jump about playfully
capet	n.	King of France elected in 987 and founding the Capetian dynasty (940-996)
capetian	n.	a member of the Capetian dynasty
capetian	adj.	of or relating to the French dynasty founded by Hugh Capet
capillarity	n.	a phenomenon associated with surface tension and resulting in the elevation or depression of liquids in capillaries
capillary	n.	a tube of small internal diameter; holds liquid by capillary action
capillary	n.	any of the minute blood vessels connecting arterioles with venules
capillary	adj.	of or relating to hair
capillary	adj.	long and slender with a very small internal diameter
capital	n.	assets available for use in the production of further assets
capital	n.	wealth in the form of money or property owned by a person or business and human resources of economic value
capital	n.	a seat of government
capital	n.	one of the large alphabetic characters used as the first letter in writing or printing proper names and sometimes for emphasis
capital	n.	a center that is associated more than any other with some activity or product
capital	n.	the federal government of the United States
capital	n.	a book written by Karl Marx (1867) describing his economic theories
capital	n.	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature
capital	adj.	first-rate
capital	adj.	of primary importance
capital	adj.	uppercase
capitalism	n.	an economic system based on private ownership of capital
capitalist	n.	a conservative advocate of capitalism
capitalist	n.	a person who invests capital in a business (especially a large business)
capitalist	adj.	of or relating to capitalism or capitalists
capitalist	adj.	favoring or practicing capitalism
capitalistic	adj.	favoring or practicing capitalism
capitalistic	adj.	of or relating to capitalism or capitalists
capitalization	n.	writing in capital letters
capitalization	n.	an estimation of the value of a business
capitalization	n.	the act of capitalizing on an opportunity
capitalization	n.	the sale of capital stock
capitalize	v.	draw advantages from
capitalize	v.	supply with capital, as of a business by using a combination of capital used by investors and debt capital provided by lenders
capitalize	v.	write in capital letters
capitalize	v.	compute the present value of a business or an income
capitalize	v.	consider expenditures as capital assets rather than expenses
capitalize	v.	convert (a company's reserve funds) into capital
capitation	n.	a tax levied on the basis of a fixed amount per person
capitol	n.	a building occupied by a state legislature
capitol	n.	the government building in Washington where the United States Senate and the House of Representatives meet
capitulate	v.	surrender under agreed conditions
capitulation	n.	a document containing the terms of surrender
capitulation	n.	a summary that enumerates the main parts of a topic
capitulation	n.	the act of surrendering (usually under agreed conditions)
capo	n.	the head of a branch of an organized crime syndicate
capon	n.	flesh of a castrated male chicken
capon	n.	castrated male chicken
capone	n.	United States gangster who terrorized Chicago during prohibition until arrested for tax evasion (1899-1947)
capote	n.	a long overcoat with a hood that can be pulled over the head
capote	n.	a long cloak with a hood that can be pulled over the head
capped	v.	lie at the top of
capped	v.	restrict the number or amount of
capped	adj.	used especially of front teeth having (artificial) crowns
capped	adj.	covered as if with a cap or crown especially of a specified kind
capping	v.	lie at the top of
capping	v.	restrict the number or amount of
cappuccino	n.	equal parts of espresso and hot milk topped with cinnamon and nutmeg and usually whipped cream
capra	n.	United States film maker (1897-1991)
capra	n.	goats
capri	n.	an island (part of Campania) in the Bay of Naples in southern Italy; a tourist attraction noted for beautiful scenery
caprice	n.	a sudden desire
capricious	adj.	changeable
capricious	adj.	determined by chance or impulse or whim rather than by necessity or reason
capriciousness	n.	the quality of being guided by sudden unpredictable impulses
capriciousness	n.	the trait of acting unpredictably and more from whim or caprice than from reason or judgment
capricorn	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Capricorn
capricorn	n.	a faint zodiacal constellation in the southern hemisphere; between Sagittarius and Aquarius
capricorn	n.	the tenth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about December 22 to January 19
capsicum	n.	any of various tropical plants of the genus Capsicum bearing peppers
capsicum	n.	chiefly tropical perennial shrubby plants having many-seeded fruits: sweet and hot peppers
capsize	v.	overturn accidentally
capstan	n.	a windlass rotated in a horizontal plane around a vertical axis; used on ships for weighing anchor or raising heavy sails
capstone	n.	a final touch; a crowning achievement; a culmination
capstone	n.	a stone that forms the top of wall or building
capsular	adj.	resembling a capsule
capsular	adj.	of or relating to a capsule
capsule	n.	a small container
capsule	n.	a pill in the form of a small rounded gelatinous container with medicine inside
capsule	n.	a dry dehiscent seed vessel or the spore-containing structure of e.g. mosses
capsule	n.	a shortened version of a written work
capsule	n.	a structure that encloses a body part
capsule	n.	a spacecraft designed to transport people and support human life in outer space
capsule	n.	a pilot's seat in an airplane that can be forcibly ejected in the case of an emergency; then the pilot descends by parachute
capsule	v.	enclose in a capsule
capsule	v.	put in a short or concise form; reduce in volume
capsulize	v.	enclose in a capsule
capsulize	v.	put in a short or concise form; reduce in volume
captain	n.	an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant
captain	n.	the naval officer in command of a military ship
captain	n.	a policeman in charge of a precinct
captain	n.	an officer who is licensed to command a merchant ship
captain	n.	the leader of a group of people
captain	n.	the pilot in charge of an airship
captain	n.	a dining-room attendant who is in charge of the waiters and the seating of customers
captain	v.	be the captain of a sports team
captaincy	n.	the post of captain
caption	n.	taking exception; especially a quibble based on a captious argument
caption	n.	translation of foreign dialogue of a movie or TV program; usually displayed at the bottom of the screen
caption	n.	brief description accompanying an illustration
caption	v.	provide with a caption, as of a photograph or a drawing
captious	adj.	tending to find and call attention to faults
captivate	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
captivation	n.	the state of being intensely interested (as by awe or terror)
captivation	n.	a feeling of great liking for something wonderful and unusual
captive	n.	a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war
captive	n.	an animal that is confined
captive	n.	a person held in the grip of a strong emotion or passion
captive	adj.	being in captivity
captive	adj.	giving or marked by complete attention to; ; ; - Walter de la Mare
captivity	n.	the state of being imprisoned
captivity	n.	the state of being a slave; --Shakespeare
captor	n.	a person who captures and holds people or animals
capture	n.	the act of forcibly dispossessing an owner of property
capture	n.	a process whereby a star or planet holds an object in its gravitational field
capture	n.	any process in which an atomic or nuclear system acquires an additional particle
capture	n.	the act of taking of a person by force
capture	n.	the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board
capture	v.	succeed in representing or expressing something intangible
capture	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
capture	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
capture	v.	bring about the capture of an elementary particle or celestial body and causing it enter a new orbit
capture	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
capture	v.	capture as if by hunting, snaring, or trapping
capuchin	n.	a hooded cloak for women
capuchin	n.	monkey of Central America and South America having thick hair on the head that resembles a monk's cowl
car	n.	a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine
car	n.	a wheeled vehicle adapted to the rails of railroad
car	n.	the compartment that is suspended from an airship and that carries personnel and the cargo and the power plant
car	n.	where passengers ride up and down
car	n.	a conveyance for passengers or freight on a cable railway
caracas	n.	the capital and largest city of Venezuela
carafe	n.	a bottle with a stopper; for serving wine or water
caramel	n.	firm chewy candy made from caramelized sugar and butter and milk
caramel	n.	burnt sugar; used to color and flavor food
caramel	n.	a medium to dark tan color
caramel	adj.	having the color of caramel; of a moderate yellow-brown
caramelize	v.	be converted into caramel
caramelize	v.	convert to caramel
carapace	n.	hard outer covering or case of certain organisms such as arthropods and turtles
carat	n.	a unit of weight for precious stones = 200 mg
carat	n.	the unit of measurement for the proportion of gold in an alloy; 18-karat gold is 75% gold; 24-karat gold is pure gold
caravaggio	n.	Italian painter noted for his realistic depiction of religious subjects and his novel use of light (1573-1610)
caravan	n.	a procession (of wagons or mules or camels) traveling together in single file
caravan	n.	a camper equipped with living quarters
caravan	v.	travel in a caravan
caravansary	n.	an inn in some eastern countries with a large courtyard that provides accommodation for caravans
caraway	n.	a Eurasian plant with small white flowers yielding caraway seed
caraway	n.	leaves used sparingly in soups and stews
carbide	n.	a binary compound of carbon with a more electropositive element
carbine	n.	light automatic rifle
carbohydrate	n.	an essential structural component of living cells and source of energy for animals; includes simple sugars with small molecules as well as macromolecular substances; are classified according to the number of monosaccharide groups they contain
carboloy	n.	an alloy based on tungsten with cobalt or nickel as a binder; used in making metal-cutting tools
carbon	n.	an abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring in three allotropic forms: amorphous carbon and graphite and diamond; occurs in all organic compounds
carbon	n.	a thin paper coated on one side with a dark waxy substance (often containing carbon); used to transfer characters from the original to an under sheet of paper
carbon	n.	a copy made with carbon paper
carbonaceous	adj.	relating to or consisting of or yielding carbon
carbonate	n.	a salt or ester of carbonic acid (containing the anion CO3)
carbonate	v.	turn into a carbonate
carbonate	v.	treat with carbon dioxide
carbonation	n.	saturation with carbon dioxide (as soda water)
carbondale	n.	a town in southern Illinois
carboniferous	n.	from 345 million to 280 million years ago
carboniferous	adj.	of or relating to the Carboniferous geologic era
carboniferous	adj.	relating to or consisting of or yielding carbon
carbonize	v.	unite with carbon
carbonize	v.	turn into carbon, as by burning
carborundum	n.	an abrasive composed of silicon carbide crystals
carboy	n.	a large bottle for holding corrosive liquids; usually cushioned in a special container
carbuncle	n.	deep-red cabochon garnet cut without facets
carbuncle	n.	an infection larger than a boil and with several openings for discharge of pus
carbuncular	adj.	afflicted with or resembling a carbuncle
carburetor	n.	mixes air with gasoline vapor prior to explosion
carcass	n.	the dead body of an animal especially one slaughtered and dressed for food
carcinogen	n.	any substance that produces cancer
carcinogenic	adj.	causing or tending to cause cancer
carcinoma	n.	any malignant tumor derived from epithelial tissue; one of the four major types of cancer
card	n.	one of a set of small pieces of stiff paper marked in various ways and used for playing games or for telling fortunes
card	n.	a card certifying the identity of the bearer
card	n.	a rectangular piece of stiff paper used to send messages (may have printed greetings or pictures)
card	n.	thin cardboard, usually rectangular
card	n.	a witty amusing person who makes jokes
card	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
card	n.	a printed or written greeting that is left to indicate that you have visited
card	n.	(golf) a record of scores (as in golf)
card	n.	a list of dishes available at a restaurant
card	n.	(baseball) a list of batters in the order in which they will bat
card	n.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities
card	v.	separate the fibers of
card	v.	ask someone for identification to determine whether he or she is old enough to consume liquor
cardamom	n.	rhizomatous herb of India having aromatic seeds used as seasoning
cardamom	n.	aromatic seeds used as seasoning like cinnamon and cloves especially in pickles and barbecue sauces
cardamon	n.	rhizomatous herb of India having aromatic seeds used as seasoning
cardamon	n.	aromatic seeds used as seasoning like cinnamon and cloves especially in pickles and barbecue sauces
cardboard	n.	a stiff moderately thick paper
cardboard	adj.	without substance
cardholder	n.	a person who holds a credit card or debit card
cardholder	n.	a player who holds a card or cards in a card game
cardiac	adj.	of or relating to the heart
cardiff	n.	the capital and largest city of Wales
cardigan	n.	knitted jacket that is fastened up the front with buttons or a zipper
cardigan	n.	slightly bowlegged variety of corgi having rounded ears and a long tail
cardinal	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) one of a group of more than 100 prominent bishops in the Sacred College who advise the Pope and elect new Popes
cardinal	n.	the number of elements in a mathematical set; denotes a quantity but not the order
cardinal	n.	a variable color averaging a vivid red
cardinal	n.	crested thick-billed North American finch having bright red plumage in the male
cardinal	adj.	serving as an essential component
cardinal	adj.	being or denoting a numerical quantity but not order
cardiogram	n.	a graphical recording of the cardiac cycle produced by an electrocardiograph
cardiograph	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents associated with contractions of the heart
cardiograph	n.	a medical instrument that measures the mechanical force of cardiac contractions and the amount of blood passing through the heart during a specified period by measuring the recoil of the body as blood is pumped from the ventricles
cardiographs	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents associated with contractions of the heart
cardiographs	n.	a medical instrument that measures the mechanical force of cardiac contractions and the amount of blood passing through the heart during a specified period by measuring the recoil of the body as blood is pumped from the ventricles
cardiologist	n.	a specialist in cardiology; a specialist in the structure and function and disorders of the heart
cardiology	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the heart and its diseases
cardiomyopathy	n.	a disorder (usually of unknown origin) of the heart muscle (myocardium)
cardiopulmonary	adj.	of or pertaining to or affecting both the heart and the lungs and their functions
cardiovascular	adj.	of or pertaining to or involving the heart and blood vessels
cardsharp	n.	a professional card player who makes a living by cheating at card games
cardsharper	n.	a professional card player who makes a living by cheating at card games
care	n.	the work of providing treatment for or attending to someone or something
care	n.	judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger
care	n.	an anxious feeling
care	n.	a cause for feeling concern
care	n.	attention and management implying responsibility for safety
care	n.	activity involved in maintaining something in good working order
care	v.	feel concern or interest
care	v.	provide care for
care	v.	prefer or wish to do something
care	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
care	v.	be concerned with
careen	n.	pitching dangerously to one side
careen	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
careen	v.	move sideways or in an unsteady way
career	n.	the particular occupation for which you are trained
career	n.	the general progression of your working or professional life
career	v.	move headlong at high speed
careerism	n.	the practice of advancing your career at the expense of your personal integrity
careerist	n.	a professional who is intent on furthering his or her career by any possible means and often at the expense of their own integrity
carefree	adj.	free of trouble and worry and care
carefree	adj.	cheerfully irresponsible
careful	adj.	exercising caution or showing care or attention
careful	adj.	cautiously attentive
careful	adj.	unhurried and with care and dignity
careful	adj.	full of cares or anxiety; -Luke 10.41
careful	adj.	mindful of the future in spending money
carefulness	n.	the trait of being cautious; being attentive to possible danger
carefulness	n.	the quality of being careful and painstaking
caregiver	n.	a person who helps in identifying or preventing or treating illness or disability
caregiver	n.	a person who is responsible for attending to the needs of a child or dependent adult
careless	adj.	marked by lack of attention or consideration or forethought or thoroughness; not careful
careless	adj.	effortless and unstudied
careless	adj.	(usually followed by `of') without due thought or consideration
carelessness	n.	the quality of not being careful or taking pains
carelessness	n.	failure to act with the prudence that a reasonable person would exercise under the same circumstances
caress	n.	a gentle affectionate stroking (or something resembling it)
caress	v.	touch or stroke lightly in a loving or endearing manner
caret	n.	a mark used by an author or editor to indicate where something is to be inserted into a text
caretaker	n.	a custodian who is hired to take care of something (property or a person)
caretaker	n.	an official who performs the duties of an office temporarily
careworn	adj.	showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; ; ; ; - Charles Dickens
carfare	n.	the fare charged for riding a bus or streetcar
cargo	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
cargoes	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
carhop	n.	a waiter at a drive-in restaurant
carib	n.	a member of an American Indian peoples of northeastern South America and the Lesser Antilles
carib	n.	the family of languages spoken by the Carib
caribbean	n.	an arm of the Atlantic Ocean between North and South America; the origin of the Gulf stream
caribbean	n.	region including the Caribbean Islands
caribou	n.	Arctic deer with large antlers in both sexes; called `reindeer' in Eurasia and `caribou' in North America
caricature	n.	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect
caricature	v.	represent in or produce a caricature of
caricaturist	n.	someone who parodies in an exaggerated manner
caries	n.	soft decayed area in a tooth; progressive decay can lead to the death of a tooth
carillon	n.	set of bells hung in a bell tower
carillon	n.	playing a set of bells that are (usually) hung in a tower
carina	n.	a keel-shaped constellation in the southern hemisphere; contains the start Canopus
carina	n.	any of various keel-shaped structures or ridges such as that on the breastbone of a bird or that formed by the fused petals of a pea blossom
caring	n.	a loving feeling
caring	v.	feel concern or interest
caring	v.	provide care for
caring	v.	prefer or wish to do something
caring	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
caring	v.	be concerned with
caring	adj.	feeling and exhibiting concern and empathy for others
carious	adj.	(of teeth) affected with cavities or decay
carissa	n.	a shrub of the genus Carissa having fragrant white flowers and plumlike red to purple-black fruits
carjack	v.	take someone's car from him by force, usually with the intention of stealing it
carjacking	n.	the violent theft of an occupied car
carjacking	v.	take someone's car from him by force, usually with the intention of stealing it
carload	n.	a gathering of passengers sufficient to fill an automobile
carload	n.	the amount of cargo that can be held by a boat or ship or a freight car
carlos	n.	Venezuelan master terrorist raised by a Marxist-Leninist father; trained and worked with many terrorist groups (born in 1949)
carlsbad	n.	a town in southeastern New Mexico on the Pecos River near the Mexican border; potash deposits
carlyle	n.	Scottish historian who wrote about the French Revolution (1795-1881)
carmaker	n.	a business engaged in the manufacture of automobiles
carmichael	n.	United States songwriter (1899-1981)
carmine	n.	a variable color averaging a vivid red
carmine	v.	color carmine
carmine	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
carnage	n.	the savage and excessive killing of many people
carnal	adj.	marked by the appetites and passions of the body
carnal	adj.	of or relating to the body or flesh
carnality	n.	feeling morbid sexual desire or a propensity to lewdness
carnation	n.	Eurasian plant with pink to purple-red spice-scented usually double flowers; widely cultivated in many varieties and many colors
carnation	n.	a pink or reddish-pink color
carnation	adj.	pink or pinkish
carnegie	n.	United States educator famous for writing a book about how to win friends and influence people (1888-1955)
carnegie	n.	United States industrialist and philanthropist who endowed education and public libraries and research trusts (1835-1919)
carnelian	n.	a translucent red or orange variety of chalcedony
carnival	n.	a festival marked by merrymaking and processions
carnival	n.	a frenetic disorganized (and often comic) disturbance suggestive of a large public entertainment
carnival	n.	a traveling show; having sideshows and rides and games of skill etc.
carnivora	n.	cats; lions; tigers; panthers; dogs; wolves; jackals; bears; raccoons; skunks; and members of the suborder Pinnipedia
carnivore	n.	a terrestrial or aquatic flesh-eating mammal
carnivore	n.	any animal that feeds on flesh
carnivorous	adj.	relating to or characteristic of carnivores
carnivorous	adj.	(used of plants as well as animals) feeding on animals
carnot	n.	French physicist who founded thermodynamics (1796-1832)
carob	n.	long pod containing small beans and sweetish edible pulp; used as animal feed and source of a chocolate substitute
carob	n.	evergreen Mediterranean tree with edible pods; the biblical carob
carob	n.	powder from the ground seeds and pods of the carob tree; used as a chocolate substitute
carol	n.	joyful religious song celebrating the birth of Christ
carol	n.	a joyful song (usually celebrating the birth of Christ)
carol	v.	sing carols
caroler	n.	a singer of carols
carolina	n.	the area of the states of North Carolina and South Carolina
caroline	adj.	of or relating to the life and times of kings Charles I or Charles II of England
carolingian	n.	a member of the Carolingian dynasty
carolingian	adj.	of or relating to the Frankish dynasty founded by Charlemagne's father
carolinian	n.	a native or resident of the Carolinas
carom	n.	a glancing rebound
carom	n.	a shot in billiards in which the cue ball contacts one object ball and then the other
carom	v.	rebound after hitting
carom	v.	make a carom
carotene	n.	an orange isomer of an unsaturated hydrocarbon found in many plants; is converted into vitamin A in the liver
carotene	n.	yellow or orange-red fat-soluble pigments in plants
carotid	adj.	of or relating to either of the two major arteries supplying blood to the head and neck
carousal	n.	revelry in drinking; a merry drinking party
carouse	n.	revelry in drinking; a merry drinking party
carouse	v.	engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking
carousel	n.	a conveyer belt that carries luggage to be claimed by air travelers
carousel	n.	a large, rotating machine with seats for children to ride or amusement
carouser	n.	someone who enjoys riotous drinking
carp	n.	the lean flesh of a fish that is often farmed; can be baked or braised
carp	n.	any of various freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae
carp	v.	raise trivial objections
carpal	n.	any of the eight small bones of the wrist of primates
carpal	adj.	of or relating to the wrist
carpathians	n.	a mountain range in central Europe that extends from Slovakia and southern Poland southeastward through western Ukraine to northeastern Romania; a popular resort area
carpel	n.	a simple pistil or one element of a compound pistil
carpenter	n.	a woodworker who makes or repairs wooden objects
carpenter	v.	work as a carpenter
carpentry	n.	the craft of a carpenter: making things out of wood
carper	n.	someone who constantly criticizes in a petty way
carpet	n.	floor covering consisting of a piece of thick heavy fabric (usually with nap or pile)
carpet	n.	a natural object that resembles or suggests a carpet
carpet	v.	form a carpet-like cover (over)
carpet	v.	cover completely, as if with a carpet
carpet	v.	cover with a carpet
carpetbag	n.	traveling bag made of carpet; widely used in 19th century
carpetbag	adj.	following the practices or characteristic of carpetbaggers
carpetbag	adj.	presumptuously seeking success or a position in a new locality
carpetbagger	n.	an outsider who seeks power or success presumptuously
carpetbagging	adj.	presumptuously seeking success or a position in a new locality
carpeting	n.	floor covering consisting of a piece of thick heavy fabric (usually with nap or pile)
carpeting	v.	form a carpet-like cover (over)
carpeting	v.	cover completely, as if with a carpet
carpeting	v.	cover with a carpet
carpi	n.	a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal bones
carport	n.	garage for one or two cars consisting of a flat roof supported on poles
carpus	n.	a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal bones
carrel	n.	French surgeon and biologist who developed a way to suture and graft blood vessels (1873-1944)
carrel	n.	small individual study area in a library
carriage	n.	a railcar where passengers ride
carriage	n.	a vehicle with wheels drawn by one or more horses
carriage	n.	characteristic way of bearing one's body
carriage	n.	a machine part that carries something else
carriage	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
carriageway	n.	one of the two sides of a motorway where traffic travels in one direction only usually in two or three lanes
carrier	n.	someone whose employment involves carrying something
carrier	n.	a self-propelled wheeled vehicle designed specifically to carry something
carrier	n.	a large warship that carries planes and has a long flat deck for takeoffs and landings
carrier	n.	an inactive substance that is a vehicle for a radioactive tracer of the same substance and that assists in its recovery after some chemical reaction
carrier	n.	a person or firm in the business of transporting people or goods or messages
carrier	n.	a radio wave that can be modulated in order to transmit a signal
carrier	n.	a man who delivers the mail
carrier	n.	a boy who delivers newspapers
carrier	n.	(medicine) a person (or animal) who has some pathogen to which he is immune but who can pass it on to others
carrier	n.	a rack attached to a vehicle; for carrying luggage or skis or the like
carrier	n.	(genetics) an organism that possesses a recessive gene whose effect is masked by a dominant allele; the associated trait is not apparent but can be passed on to offspring
carrion	n.	the dead and rotting body of an animal; unfit for human food
carroll	n.	English author; Charles Dodgson was an Oxford don of mathematics who is remembered for the children's stories he wrote under the pen name Lewis Carroll (1832-1898)
carrot	n.	deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant
carrot	n.	perennial plant widely cultivated as an annual in many varieties for its long conical orange edible roots; temperate and tropical regions
carrot	n.	orange root; important source of carotene
carrot	n.	promise of reward as in
carroty	adj.	resembling the bright orange of the root of the carrot plant
carry	n.	the act of carrying something
carry	v.	move while supporting, either in a vehicle or in one's hands or on one's body
carry	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
carry	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
carry	v.	serve as a means for expressing something
carry	v.	bear or be able to bear the weight, pressure,or responsibility of
carry	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
carry	v.	contain or hold; have within
carry	v.	extend to a certain degree
carry	v.	continue or extend
carry	v.	be necessarily associated with or result in or involve
carry	v.	win in an election
carry	v.	include, as on a list
carry	v.	behave in a certain manner
carry	v.	have on hand
carry	v.	include as the content; broadcast or publicize
carry	v.	propel,
carry	v.	pass on a communication
carry	v.	have as an inherent or characteristic feature or have as a consequence
carry	v.	be conveyed over a certain distance
carry	v.	keep up with financial support
carry	v.	have or possess something abstract
carry	v.	be equipped with (a mast or sail)
carry	v.	win approval or support for
carry	v.	compensate for a weaker partner or member by one's own performance
carry	v.	take further or advance
carry	v.	have on the surface or on the skin
carry	v.	capture after a fight
carry	v.	transfer (entries) from one account book to another
carry	v.	transfer (a number, cipher, or remainder) to the next column or unit's place before or after, in addition or multiplication
carry	v.	pursue a line of scent or be a bearer
carry	v.	bear (a crop)
carry	v.	propel or give impetus to
carry	v.	drink alcohol without showing ill effects
carry	v.	be able to feed
carry	v.	have a certain range
carry	v.	cover a certain distance or advance beyond
carry	v.	secure the passage or adoption (of bills and motions)
carry	v.	be successful in
carry	v.	sing or play against other voices or parts
carry	v.	be pregnant with
carryall	n.	a capacious bag or basket
carrycot	n.	box-shaped baby bed with handles (for a baby to sleep in while being carried)
carsick	adj.	experiencing motion sickness
carson	n.	United States biologist remembered for her opposition to the use of pesticides that were hazardous to wildlife (1907-1964)
carson	n.	United States frontiersman who guided Fremont's expeditions in the 1840s and served as a Union general in the American Civil War (1809-1868)
cart	n.	a heavy open wagon usually having two wheels and drawn by an animal
cart	n.	wheeled vehicle that can be pushed by a person; may have one or two or four wheels
cart	v.	draw slowly or heavily
cart	v.	transport something in a cart
cartage	n.	the work of taking something away in a cart or truck and disposing of it
cartel	n.	a consortium of independent organizations formed to limit competition by controlling the production and distribution of a product or service
carter	n.	Englishman and Egyptologist who in 1922 discovered and excavated the tomb of Tutankhamen (1873-1939)
carter	n.	39th President of the United States (1924-)
carter	n.	someone whose work is driving carts
cartesian	n.	a follower of Cartesian thought
cartesian	adj.	of or relating to Rene Descartes or his works
carthage	n.	an ancient city state on the north African coast near modern Tunis; founded by Phoenicians; destroyed and rebuilt by Romans; razed by Arabs in 697
carthaginian	n.	a native or inhabitant of ancient Carthage
carthaginian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of ancient Carthage or its people or their language
carthorse	n.	draft horse kept for pulling carts
cartier	n.	French explorer who explored the St. Lawrence river and laid claim to the region for France (1491-1557)
cartilage	n.	tough elastic tissue; mostly converted to bone in adults
cartilaginous	adj.	of or relating to cartilage
cartilaginous	adj.	difficult to chew
cartload	n.	the quantity that a cart holds
cartographer	n.	a person who makes maps
cartographic	adj.	of or relating to the making of maps or charts
cartography	n.	the making of maps and charts
carton	n.	the quantity contained in a carton
carton	n.	a box made of cardboard; opens by flaps on top
cartoon	n.	a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine
cartoon	n.	a film made by photographing a series of cartoon drawings to give the illusion of movement when projected in rapid sequence
cartoon	v.	draw cartoons of
cartoonist	n.	a person who draws cartoons
cartridge	n.	ammunition consisting of a cylindrical casing containing an explosive charge and a bullet; fired from a rifle or handgun
cartridge	n.	a light-tight supply chamber holding the film and supplying it for exposure as required
cartridge	n.	a module designed to be inserted into a larger piece of equipment
cartridge	n.	an electro-acoustic transducer that is the part of the arm of a record player that holds the needle and that is removable
cartwheel	n.	a wheel that has wooden spokes and a metal rim
cartwheel	n.	acrobatic revolutions with the body turned sideways and the arms and legs outstretched like the spokes of a wheel
cartwheel	n.	a dollar made of silver
cartwheel	v.	do cartwheels: perform an acrobatic movement using both hands and feet
cartwright	n.	English clergyman who invented the power loom (1743-1823)
cartwright	n.	a workman who makes and repairs carts and wagons
caruso	n.	outstanding Italian operatic tenor (1873-1921)
carve	v.	form by carving
carve	v.	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface
carve	v.	cut to pieces
carver	n.	United States botanist and agricultural chemist who developed many uses for peanuts and soy beans and sweet potatoes (1864-1943)
carver	n.	makes decorative wooden panels
carver	n.	an artist who creates sculptures
carver	n.	someone who carves the meat
carving	n.	a sculpture created by removing material (as wood or ivory or stone) in order to create a desired shape
carving	n.	removing parts from hard material to create a desired pattern or shape
carving	n.	creating figures or designs in three dimensions
carving	v.	form by carving
carving	v.	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface
carving	v.	cut to pieces
caryatid	n.	a supporting column carved in the shape of a person
casaba	n.	melon having yellowish rind and whitish flesh
casablanca	n.	a port on the Atlantic and the largest city of Morocco
casals	n.	an outstanding Spanish cellist noted for his interpretation of Bach's cello suites (1876-1973)
casanova	n.	an Italian adventurer who wrote vivid accounts of his sexual encounters (1725-1798)
casanova	n.	any man noted for his amorous adventures
cascade	n.	a small waterfall or series of small waterfalls
cascade	n.	a succession of stages or operations or processes or units
cascade	n.	a sudden downpour (as of tears or sparks etc) likened to a rain shower
cascade	v.	rush down in big quantities, like a cascade
cascade	v.	arrange (open windows) on a computer desktop so that they overlap each other, with the title bars visible
cascades	n.	a mountain range in the northwestern United States extending through Washington and Oregon and northern California; a part of the Coast Range
cascades	n.	a small waterfall or series of small waterfalls
cascades	n.	a succession of stages or operations or processes or units
cascades	n.	a sudden downpour (as of tears or sparks etc) likened to a rain shower
cascades	v.	rush down in big quantities, like a cascade
cascades	v.	arrange (open windows) on a computer desktop so that they overlap each other, with the title bars visible
cascara	n.	dried bark of the cascara buckthorn used as a laxative
case	n.	an occurrence of something
case	n.	a special set of circumstances
case	n.	a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy
case	n.	the actual state of things
case	n.	a portable container for carrying several objects
case	n.	a person requiring professional services
case	n.	a person who is subjected to experimental or other observational procedures; someone who is an object of investigation
case	n.	a problem requiring investigation
case	n.	a statement of facts and reasons used to support an argument
case	n.	the quantity contained in a case
case	n.	nouns or pronouns or adjectives (often marked by inflection) related in some way to other words in a sentence
case	n.	a specific state of mind that is temporary
case	n.	a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities)
case	n.	a specific size and style of type within a type family
case	n.	an enveloping structure or covering enclosing an animal or plant organ or part
case	n.	the housing or outer covering of something
case	n.	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening
case	n.	(printing) the receptacle in which a compositor has his type, which is divided into compartments for the different letters, spaces, or numbers
case	n.	bed linen consisting of a cover for a pillow
case	n.	a glass container used to store and display items in a shop or museum or home
case	v.	look over, usually with the intention to rob
case	v.	enclose in, or as if in, a case
casebook	n.	a book in which detailed written records of a case are kept and which are a source of information for subsequent work
casebook	adj.	according to or characteristic of a casebook or textbook; typical
cased	v.	look over, usually with the intention to rob
cased	v.	enclose in, or as if in, a case
cased	adj.	covered or protected with or as if with a case
cased	adj.	enclosed in a case
casein	n.	a milk protein used in making e.g. plastics and adhesives
casein	n.	a water-base paint made with a protein precipitated from milk
casement	n.	a window sash that is hinged (usually on one side)
casework	n.	close sociological study of a maladjusted person or family for diagnosis and treatment
caseworker	n.	someone employed to provide social services (especially to the disadvantaged)
cash	n.	money in the form of bills or coins
cash	n.	prompt payment for goods or services in currency or by check
cash	n.	United States country music singer and songwriter (1932-2003)
cash	v.	exchange for cash
cashew	n.	tropical American evergreen tree bearing kidney-shaped nuts that are edible only when roasted
cashew	n.	kidney-shaped nut edible only when roasted
cashier	n.	an employee of a bank who receives and pays out money
cashier	n.	a person responsible for receiving payments for goods and services (as in a shop or restaurant)
cashier	v.	discard or do away with
cashier	v.	discharge with dishonor, as in the army
cashmere	n.	a soft fabric made from the wool of the Cashmere goat
cashmere	n.	the wool of the Kashmir goat
cashmere	n.	an area in southwestern Asia whose sovereignty is disputed between Pakistan and India
casing	n.	the housing or outer covering of something
casing	n.	the outermost covering of a pneumatic tire
casing	n.	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening
casing	v.	look over, usually with the intention to rob
casing	v.	enclose in, or as if in, a case
casino	n.	a public building for gambling and entertainment
casino	n.	a card game in which cards face up on the table are taken with eligible cards in the hand
cask	n.	the quantity a cask will hold
cask	n.	a cylindrical container that holds liquids
casket	n.	box in which a corpse is buried or cremated
casket	n.	small and often ornate box for holding jewels or other valuables
casket	v.	enclose in a casket
caspar	n.	(New Testament) one of the three sages from the east who came bearing gifts for the infant Jesus
casper	n.	a city of east central Wyoming on the North Platte river
caspian	n.	a large saltwater lake between Iran and Russia fed by the Volga River; the largest inland body of water in the world
cassandra	n.	(Greek mythology) a prophetess in Troy during the Trojan War whose predictions were true but were never believed
cassava	n.	a starch made by leaching and drying the root of the cassava plant; the source of tapioca; a staple food in the tropics
cassava	n.	cassava root eaten as a staple food after drying and leaching; source of tapioca
cassava	n.	any of several plants of the genus Manihot having fleshy roots yielding a nutritious starch
casserole	n.	food cooked and served in a casserole
casserole	n.	large deep dish in which food can be cooked and served
cassette	n.	a container that holds a magnetic tape used for recording or playing sound or video
cassia	n.	any of various trees or shrubs of the genus Cassia having pinnately compound leaves and usually yellow flowers followed by long seedpods
cassia	n.	some genus Cassia species often classified as members of the genus Senna or genus Chamaecrista
cassia	n.	Chinese tree with aromatic bark; yields a less desirable cinnamon than Ceylon cinnamon
cassie	n.	tropical American thorny shrub or small tree; fragrant yellow flowers used in making perfumery
cassiopeia	n.	(Greek mythology) the wife of Cepheus and mother of Andromeda
cassiopeia	n.	a W-shaped constellation in the northern hemisphere near Polaris
cassius	n.	prime mover in the conspiracy against Julius Caesar (died in 42 BC)
cassock	n.	a black garment reaching down to the ankles; worn by priests or choristers
cassowary	n.	large black flightless bird of Australia and New Guinea having a horny head crest
cast	n.	the actors in a play
cast	n.	container into which liquid is poured to create a given shape when it hardens
cast	n.	the distinctive form in which a thing is made
cast	n.	the visual appearance of something or someone
cast	n.	bandage consisting of a firm covering (often made of plaster of Paris) that immobilizes broken bones while they heal
cast	n.	object formed by a mold
cast	n.	the act of throwing dice
cast	n.	the act of throwing a fishing line out over the water by means of a rod and reel
cast	n.	a violent throw
cast	v.	put or send forth
cast	v.	deposit
cast	v.	select to play,sing, or dance a part in a play, movie, musical, opera, or ballet
cast	v.	throw forcefully
cast	v.	assign the roles of (a movie or a play) to actors
cast	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
cast	v.	form by pouring (e.g., wax or hot metal) into a cast or mold
cast	v.	get rid of
cast	v.	choose at random
cast	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
cast	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
castaway	n.	a person who is rejected (from society or home)
castaway	n.	a shipwrecked person
caste	n.	social status or position conferred by a system based on class
caste	n.	(Hinduism) a hereditary social class among Hindus; stratified according to ritual purity
caste	n.	a social class separated from others by distinctions of hereditary rank or profession or wealth
caste	n.	in some social insects (such as ants) a physically distinct individual or group of individuals specialized to perform certain functions in the colony
castellated	adj.	having or resembling repeated square indentations like those in a battlement
caster	n.	a worker who casts molten metal into finished products
caster	n.	a shaker with a perforated top for sprinkling powdered sugar
caster	n.	a pivoting roller attached to the bottom of furniture or trucks or portable machines to make them movable
castigate	v.	censure severely
castigate	v.	inflict severe punishment on
castigation	n.	a severe scolding
castigation	n.	verbal punishment
castilian	n.	the Spanish language as spoken in Castile
casting	n.	object formed by a mold
casting	n.	the act of creating something by casting it in a mold
casting	n.	the act of throwing a fishing line out over the water by means of a rod and reel
casting	n.	the choice of actors to play particular roles in a play or movie
casting	v.	put or send forth
casting	v.	deposit
casting	v.	select to play,sing, or dance a part in a play, movie, musical, opera, or ballet
casting	v.	throw forcefully
casting	v.	assign the roles of (a movie or a play) to actors
casting	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
casting	v.	form by pouring (e.g., wax or hot metal) into a cast or mold
casting	v.	get rid of
casting	v.	choose at random
casting	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
casting	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
castle	n.	a large and stately mansion
castle	n.	a large building formerly occupied by a ruler and fortified against attack
castle	n.	(chess) the piece that can move any number of unoccupied squares in a direction parallel to the sides of the chessboard
castle	n.	interchanging the positions of the king and a rook
castle	v.	move the king two squares toward a rook and in the same move the rook to the square next past the king
castor	n.	a multiple star with 6 components; second brightest in Gemini; close to Pollux
castor	n.	a shaker with a perforated top for sprinkling powdered sugar
castor	n.	a pivoting roller attached to the bottom of furniture or trucks or portable machines to make them movable
castor	n.	a hat made with the fur of a beaver (or similar material)
castor	n.	type genus of the Castoridae: beavers
castrate	n.	a man who has been castrated and is incapable of reproduction
castrate	v.	deprive of strength or vigor
castrate	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
castrate	v.	remove the testicles of a male animal
castrate	v.	remove the ovaries of
castration	n.	neutering a male animal by removing the testicles
castration	n.	surgical removal of the testes or ovaries (usually to inhibit hormone secretion in cases of breast cancer in women or prostate cancer in men)
castration	n.	the deletion of objectionable parts from a literary work
castries	n.	a port on the island of Saint Lucia; capital and largest city of Saint Lucia
castro	n.	Cuban socialist leader who overthrew a dictator in 1959 and established a Marxist socialist state in Cuba (born in 1927)
casual	adj.	marked by blithe unconcern
casual	adj.	without or seeming to be without plan or method; offhand
casual	adj.	appropriate for ordinary or routine occasions
casual	adj.	occurring or appearing or singled out by chance
casual	adj.	hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough
casual	adj.	occurring from time to time
casual	adj.	characterized by a feeling of irresponsibility
casual	adj.	natural and unstudied
casual	adj.	not showing effort or strain
casualness	n.	a casual manner
casualty	n.	someone injured or killed or captured or missing in a military engagement
casualty	n.	someone injured or killed in an accident
casualty	n.	an accident that causes someone to die
casualty	n.	a decrease of military personnel or equipment
casuist	n.	someone whose reasoning is subtle and often specious
casuistic	adj.	of or relating to or practicing casuistry
casuistic	adj.	of or relating to the use of ethical principles to resolve moral problems
casuistry	n.	argumentation that is specious or excessively subtle and intended to be misleading
casuistry	n.	moral philosophy based on the application of general ethical principles to resolve moral dilemmas
cat	n.	feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar: domestic cats; wildcats
cat	n.	an informal term for a youth or man
cat	n.	a spiteful woman gossip
cat	n.	the leaves of the shrub Catha edulis which are chewed like tobacco or used to make tea; has the effect of a euphoric stimulant
cat	n.	a whip with nine knotted cords
cat	n.	a large tracked vehicle that is propelled by two endless metal belts; frequently used for moving earth in construction and farm work
cat	n.	any of several large cats typically able to roar and living in the wild
cat	n.	a method of examining body organs by scanning them with X rays and using a computer to construct a series of cross-sectional scans along a single axis
cat	v.	beat with a cat-o'-nine-tails
cat	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
cataclysm	n.	a sudden violent change in the earth's surface
cataclysm	n.	an event resulting in great loss and misfortune
cataclysmal	adj.	severely destructive
cataclysmic	adj.	severely destructive
catacomb	n.	an underground tunnel with recesses where bodies were buried (as in ancient Rome)
catafalque	n.	a decorated bier on which a coffin rests in state during a funeral
catalan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Catalonia
catalan	n.	the Romance language spoken in Catalonia in eastern Spain (related to Spanish and Occitan)
catalan	adj.	relating to or denoting or characteristic of Catalonia or its inhabitants
catalan	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the Catalan language
catalepsy	n.	a trancelike state with loss of voluntary motion and failure to react to stimuli
cataleptic	n.	a person suffering from catalepsy
cataleptic	adj.	of or having characteristics of or affected with catalepsy
catalog	n.	a book or pamphlet containing an enumeration of things
catalog	n.	a complete list of things; usually arranged systematically
catalog	v.	make a catalogue, compile a catalogue
catalog	v.	make an itemized list or catalog of; classify
cataloger	n.	a librarian who classifies publication according to a categorial system
catalonia	n.	a region of northeastern Spain
catalpa	n.	tree of the genus Catalpa with large leaves and white flowers followed by long slender pods
catalyses	n.	acceleration of a chemical reaction induced the presence of material that is chemically unchanged at the end of the reaction
catalyses	v.	change by catalysis or cause to catalyze
catalysis	n.	acceleration of a chemical reaction induced the presence of material that is chemically unchanged at the end of the reaction
catalyst	n.	(chemistry) a substance that initiates or accelerates a chemical reaction without itself being affected
catalyst	n.	something that causes an important event to happen
catalytic	adj.	relating to or causing or involving catalysis
catalyze	v.	change by catalysis or cause to catalyze
catamaran	n.	a sailboat with two parallel hulls held together by single deck
catapult	n.	a plaything consisting of a Y-shaped stick with elastic between the arms; used to propel small stones
catapult	n.	a device that launches aircraft from a warship
catapult	n.	an engine that provided medieval artillery used during sieges; a heavy war engine for hurling large stones and other missiles
catapult	v.	shoot forth or launch, as if from a catapult
catapult	v.	hurl as if with a sling
cataract	n.	an eye disease that involves the clouding or opacification of the natural lens of the eye
cataract	n.	a large waterfall; violent rush of water over a precipice
catarrh	n.	inflammation of the nose and throat with increased production of mucus
catastrophe	n.	an event resulting in great loss and misfortune
catastrophe	n.	a state of extreme (usually irremediable) ruin and misfortune
catastrophe	n.	a sudden violent change in the earth's surface
catastrophic	adj.	extremely harmful; bringing physical or financial ruin
catastrophically	adv.	with unfortunate consequences
catatonia	n.	extreme tonus; muscular rigidity; a common symptom in catatonic schizophrenia
catatonia	n.	a form of schizophrenia characterized by a tendency to remain in a fixed stuporous state for long periods; the catatonia may give way to short periods of extreme excitement
catatonic	adj.	characterized by catatonia especially either rigidity or extreme laxness of limbs
catawba	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly living in the Carolinas
catawba	n.	slipskin grape; a reddish American table grape
catawba	n.	the Siouan language spoken by the Catawba
catbird	n.	any of various birds of the Australian region whose males build ornamented structures resembling bowers in order to attract females
catbird	n.	North American songbird whose call resembles a cat's mewing
catboat	n.	a sailboat with a single mast set far forward
catcall	n.	a cry expressing disapproval
catcall	v.	utter catcalls at
catch	n.	a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident
catch	n.	the quantity that was caught
catch	n.	a person regarded as a good matrimonial prospect
catch	n.	anything that is caught (especially if it is worth catching)
catch	n.	a break or check in the voice (usually a sign of strong emotion)
catch	n.	a restraint that checks the motion of something
catch	n.	a fastener that fastens or locks a door or window
catch	n.	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth
catch	n.	the act of catching an object with the hands
catch	n.	the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal)
catch	v.	discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state
catch	v.	perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily
catch	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
catch	v.	take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of
catch	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
catch	v.	to hook or entangle
catch	v.	attract and fix
catch	v.	capture as if by hunting, snaring, or trapping
catch	v.	reach in time
catch	v.	get or regain something necessary, usually quickly or briefly
catch	v.	catch up with and possibly overtake
catch	v.	be struck or affected by
catch	v.	check oneself during an action
catch	v.	hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers
catch	v.	see or watch
catch	v.	cause to become accidentally or suddenly caught, ensnared, or entangled
catch	v.	detect a blunder or misstep
catch	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
catch	v.	contract
catch	v.	start burning
catch	v.	perceive by hearing
catch	v.	suffer from the receipt of
catch	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
catch	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
catch	v.	take in and retain
catch	v.	spread or be communicated
catch	v.	be the catcher
catch	v.	become aware of
catch	v.	delay or hold up; prevent from proceeding on schedule or as planned
catchall	n.	an enclosure or receptacle for odds and ends
catcher	n.	(baseball) the person who plays the position of catcher
catcher	n.	the position on a baseball team of the player who is stationed behind home plate and who catches the balls that the pitcher throws
catchment	n.	a structure in which water is collected (especially a natural drainage area)
catchpenny	adj.	designed to sell quickly without concern for quality
catchphrase	n.	a phrase that has become a catchword
catchword	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
catchword	n.	a word printed at the top of the page of a dictionary or other reference book to indicate the first or last item on that page
catchy	adj.	having concealed difficulty
catchy	adj.	likely to attract attention
catechism	n.	a series of question put to an individual (such as a political candidate) to elicit their views
catechism	n.	an elementary book summarizing the principles of a Christian religion; written as questions and answers
catechist	n.	one who instructs catechumens in preparation for baptism (especially one using a catechism)
catechize	v.	examine through questioning and answering
catechize	v.	give religious instructions to
categorical	adj.	relating to or included in a category or categories
categorical	adj.	not modified or restricted by reservations
categorization	n.	a group of people or things arranged by class or category
categorization	n.	the basic cognitive process of arranging into classes or categories
categorization	n.	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type
categorize	v.	place into or assign to a category
category	n.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute
category	n.	a general concept that marks divisions or coordinations in a conceptual scheme
cater	v.	give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance
cater	v.	supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets
catercorner	adj.	slanted across a polygon on a diagonal line
caterer	n.	someone who provides food and service (as for a party)
caterpillar	n.	a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth
caterpillar	n.	a large tracked vehicle that is propelled by two endless metal belts; frequently used for moving earth in construction and farm work
caterwaul	n.	the yowling sound made by a cat in heat
caterwaul	v.	utter shrieks, as of cats
catfish	n.	flesh of scaleless food fish of the southern United States; often farmed
catfish	n.	large ferocious northern deep-sea food fishes with strong teeth and no pelvic fins
catfish	n.	any of numerous mostly freshwater bottom-living fishes of Eurasia and North America with barbels like whiskers around the mouth
catgut	n.	perennial subshrub of eastern North America having downy leaves yellowish and rose flowers and; source of rotenone
catgut	n.	a strong cord made from the intestines of sheep and used in surgery
catharses	n.	a Christian religious sect in southern France in the 12th and 13th centuries; believers in Albigensianism
catharsis	n.	(psychoanalysis) purging of emotional tensions
catharsis	n.	purging the body by the use of a cathartic to stimulate evacuation of the bowels
cathartic	n.	a purging medicine; stimulates evacuation of the bowels
cathartic	adj.	emotionally purging
cathartic	adj.	emotionally purging (of e.g. art)
cathartic	adj.	strongly laxative
cathay	n.	a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
cathedral	n.	any large and important church
cathedral	n.	the principal Christian church building of a bishop's diocese
cathedral	adj.	relating to or containing or issuing from a bishop's office or throne
cather	n.	United States writer who wrote about frontier life (1873-1947)
catherine	n.	first wife of Henry VIII; Henry VIII's divorce from her was the initial step of the Reformation in England (1485-1536)
catherine	n.	empress of Russia who greatly increased the territory of the empire (1729-1796)
catheter	n.	a thin flexible tube inserted into the body to permit introduction or withdrawal of fluids or to keep the passageway open
catheterize	v.	insert a catheter into (a body part)
cathode	n.	a negatively charged electrode that is the source of electrons entering an electrical device
cathode	n.	the positively charged terminal of a voltaic cell or storage battery that supplies current
cathodic	adj.	of or at or pertaining to a cathode
catholic	n.	a member of a Catholic church
catholic	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Catholicism
catholic	adj.	free from provincial prejudices or attachments
catholicism	n.	the beliefs and practices of a Catholic Church
catholicity	n.	the beliefs and practices of a Catholic Church
catholicity	n.	the quality of being universal; existing everywhere
cation	n.	a positively charged ion
catkin	n.	a cylindrical spikelike inflorescence
catnap	n.	sleeping for a short period of time (usually not in bed)
catnap	v.	take a siesta
catnapped	v.	take a siesta
catnapping	v.	take a siesta
catnip	n.	hairy aromatic perennial herb having whorls of small white purple-spotted flowers in a terminal spike; used in the past as a domestic remedy; strongly attractive to cats
catskills	n.	a range of the Appalachians to the west of the Hudson in southeastern New York; includes many popular resort areas
cattail	n.	tall erect herbs with sword-shaped leaves; cosmopolitan in fresh and salt marshes
catted	v.	beat with a cat-o'-nine-tails
catted	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
cattiness	n.	malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty
catting	v.	beat with a cat-o'-nine-tails
catting	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
cattle	n.	domesticated bovine animals as a group regardless of sex or age; ; ; - Bible
cattleman	n.	a man who raises (or tends) cattle
cattleman	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cattlemen	n.	a man who raises (or tends) cattle
cattlemen	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
catty	n.	any of various units of weight used in southeastern Asia (especially a Chinese measure equal to 500 grams)
catty	adj.	marked by or arising from malice
catullus	n.	Roman lyric poet remembered for his love poems to an aristocratic Roman woman (84-54 BC)
catwalk	n.	narrow platform extending out into an auditorium
catwalk	n.	narrow pathway high in the air (as above a stage or between parts of a building or along a bridge)
caucasian	n.	a member of the Caucasoid race
caucasian	n.	a number of languages spoken in the Caucasus that are unrelated to languages spoken elsewhere
caucasian	adj.	of or relating to the geographical region of Caucasia
caucasian	adj.	of or relating to Caucasian people
caucasoid	adj.	of or relating to Caucasian people
caucasus	n.	the mountain range in Caucasia between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea that forms part of the traditional border between Europe and Asia
caucasus	n.	a large region between the Black and Caspian seas that contains the Caucasus Mountains; oil is its major resource
caucus	n.	a closed political meeting
caucus	v.	meet to select a candidate or promote a policy
caudal	adj.	constituting or relating to a tail
caudal	adj.	resembling a tail
caudal	adj.	situated in or directed toward the part of the body from which the tail arises
caudal	adv.	toward the posterior end of the body
caught	v.	discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state
caught	v.	perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily
caught	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
caught	v.	take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of
caught	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
caught	v.	to hook or entangle
caught	v.	attract and fix
caught	v.	capture as if by hunting, snaring, or trapping
caught	v.	reach in time
caught	v.	get or regain something necessary, usually quickly or briefly
caught	v.	catch up with and possibly overtake
caught	v.	be struck or affected by
caught	v.	check oneself during an action
caught	v.	hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers
caught	v.	see or watch
caught	v.	cause to become accidentally or suddenly caught, ensnared, or entangled
caught	v.	detect a blunder or misstep
caught	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
caught	v.	contract
caught	v.	start burning
caught	v.	perceive by hearing
caught	v.	suffer from the receipt of
caught	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
caught	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
caught	v.	take in and retain
caught	v.	spread or be communicated
caught	v.	be the catcher
caught	v.	become aware of
caught	v.	delay or hold up; prevent from proceeding on schedule or as planned
cauldron	n.	a very large pot that is used for boiling
cauliflower	n.	a plant having a large edible head of crowded white flower buds
cauliflower	n.	compact head of white undeveloped flowers
caulk	n.	a waterproof filler and sealant that is used in building and repair to make watertight
caulk	v.	seal with caulking
causal	adj.	involving or constituting a cause; causing
causality	n.	the relation between causes and effects
causation	n.	the act of causing something to happen
causative	adj.	producing an effect
cause	n.	events that provide the generative force that is the origin of something
cause	n.	a justification for something existing or happening
cause	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
cause	n.	any entity that produces an effect or is responsible for events or results
cause	n.	a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy
cause	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
cause	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
causeless	adj.	having no justifying cause or reason
causeless	adj.	having no cause or apparent cause
causerie	n.	light informal conversation for social occasions
causeway	n.	a road that is raised above water or marshland or sand
causeway	v.	provide with a causeway
causeway	v.	pave a road with cobblestones or pebbles
caustic	n.	any chemical substance that burns or destroys living tissue
caustic	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
caustic	adj.	of a substance, especially a strong acid; capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action
caustically	adv.	in a caustic vitriolic manner
cauterization	n.	the act of coagulating blood and destroying tissue with a hot iron or caustic agent or by freezing
cauterize	v.	burn, sear, or freeze (tissue) using a hot iron or electric current or a caustic agent
cauterize	v.	make insensitive or callous; deaden feelings or morals
caution	n.	the trait of being cautious; being attentive to possible danger
caution	n.	a warning against certain acts
caution	n.	judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger
caution	n.	the trait of being circumspect and prudent
caution	v.	warn strongly; put on guard
cautionary	adj.	warding off; - Victor Schultze
cautionary	adj.	serving to warn
cautious	n.	people who are fearful and cautious
cautious	adj.	showing careful forethought
cautious	adj.	avoiding excess
cautiousness	n.	the trait of being cautious; being attentive to possible danger
cavalcade	n.	a procession of people traveling on horseback
cavalier	n.	a gallant or courtly gentleman
cavalier	n.	a royalist supporter of Charles I during the English Civil War
cavalier	adj.	given to haughty disregard of others
cavalry	n.	troops trained to fight on horseback
cavalry	n.	a highly mobile army unit
cavalryman	n.	a soldier in a motorized army unit
cavalryman	n.	a soldier mounted on horseback
cavalrymen	n.	a soldier in a motorized army unit
cavalrymen	n.	a soldier mounted on horseback
cave	n.	a geological formation consisting of an underground enclosure with access from the surface of the ground or from the sea
cave	v.	hollow out as if making a cave or opening
cave	v.	explore natural caves
caveat	n.	a warning against certain acts
caveat	n.	(law) a formal notice filed with a court or officer to suspend a proceeding until filer is given a hearing
caveman	n.	someone who lives in a cave
cavemen	n.	someone who lives in a cave
cavendish	n.	British chemist and physicist who established that water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen and who calculated the density of the earth (1731-1810)
cavern	n.	any large dark enclosed space
cavern	n.	a large cave or a large chamber in a cave
cavern	v.	hollow out as if making a cavern
cavernous	adj.	being or suggesting a cavern
cavernous	adj.	filled with vascular sinuses and capable of becoming distended and rigid as the result of being filled with blood
caviar	n.	salted roe of sturgeon or other large fish; usually served as an hors d'oeuvre
cavil	n.	an evasion of the point of an argument by raising irrelevant distinctions or objections
cavil	v.	raise trivial objections
caviler	n.	a disputant who quibbles; someone who raises annoying petty objections
caving	v.	hollow out as if making a cave or opening
caving	v.	explore natural caves
cavity	n.	a sizeable hole (usually in the ground)
cavity	n.	space that is surrounded by something
cavity	n.	soft decayed area in a tooth; progressive decay can lead to the death of a tooth
cavity	n.	(anatomy) a natural hollow or sinus within the body
cavort	v.	play boisterously
caw	n.	the sound made by corvine birds
caw	v.	utter a cry, characteristic of crows, rooks, or ravens
caxton	n.	English printer who in 1474 printed the first book in English (1422-1491)
cay	n.	a coral reef off the southern coast of Florida
cayenne	n.	plant bearing very hot and finely tapering long peppers; usually red
cayenne	n.	ground pods and seeds of pungent red peppers of the genus Capsicum
cayenne	n.	a long and often twisted hot red pepper
cayman	n.	a semiaquatic reptile of Central and South America that resembles an alligator but has a more heavily armored belly
cayuga	n.	a member of an Iroquoian people formerly living around Cayuga Lake in New York State
cayuga	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Cayuga
cayuse	n.	a small native range horse
cbc	n.	counting the number of white and red blood cells and the number of platelets in 1 cubic millimeter of blood
cc	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one thousandth of a liter
cc	adj.	being ten more than one hundred ninety
cd	n.	a soft bluish-white ductile malleable toxic bivalent metallic element; occurs in association with zinc ores
cd	n.	the basic unit of luminous intensity adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; equal to 1/60 of the luminous intensity per square centimeter of a black body radiating at the temperature of 2,046 degrees Kelvin
cd	n.	a debt instrument issued by a bank; usually pays interest
cd	n.	a digitally encoded recording on an optical disk that is smaller than a phonograph record; played back by a laser
cd	adj.	being one hundred more than three hundred
cdc	n.	a federal agency in the Department of Health and Human Services; located in Atlanta; investigates and diagnoses and tries to control or prevent diseases (especially new and unusual diseases)
ce	n.	a ductile grey metallic element of the lanthanide series; used in lighter flints; the most abundant of the rare-earth group
ce	adv.	of the period coinciding with the Christian era; preferred by some writers who are not Christians
cease	n.	(`cease' is a noun only in the phrase `without cease') end
cease	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
cease	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
ceaseless	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
ceaselessness	n.	the quality of something that continues without end or interruption
cebu	n.	an important seaport on the island of Cebu in the Philippines
cebu	n.	one of the Visayan islands of the central Philippines; important for its fine harbor
cebuano	n.	language of the people of Cebu in the Philippines; its lexicon contributes to the official language of the Philippines
ceca	n.	the cavity in which the large intestine begins and into which the ileum opens
cecal	adj.	of or like a cecum
cecum	n.	the cavity in which the large intestine begins and into which the ileum opens
cedar	n.	any of numerous trees of the family Cupressaceae that resemble cedars
cedar	n.	durable aromatic wood of any of numerous cedar trees; especially wood of the red cedar often used for cedar chests
cedar	n.	any cedar of the genus Cedrus
cede	v.	give over; surrender or relinquish to the physical control of another
cede	v.	relinquish possession or control over
cedilla	n.	a diacritical mark (,) placed below the letter c to indicate that it is pronounced as an s
ceilidh	n.	an informal social gathering at which there is Scottish or Irish folk music and singing and folk dancing and story telling
ceilidhs	n.	an informal social gathering at which there is Scottish or Irish folk music and singing and folk dancing and story telling
ceiling	n.	the overhead upper surface of a covered space
ceiling	n.	(meteorology) altitude of the lowest layer of clouds
ceiling	n.	an upper limit on what is allowed
ceiling	n.	maximum altitude at which a plane can fly (under specified conditions)
celandine	n.	North American annual plant with usually yellow or orange flowers; grows chiefly on wet rather acid soil
celandine	n.	perennial herb with branched woody stock and bright yellow flowers
celebrant	n.	a person who is celebrating
celebrant	n.	an officiating priest celebrating the Eucharist
celebrate	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
celebrate	v.	have a celebration
celebrate	v.	assign great social importance to
celebration	n.	a joyful occasion for special festivities to mark some happy event
celebration	n.	any joyous diversion
celebration	n.	the public performance of a sacrament or solemn ceremony with all appropriate ritual
celebrator	n.	a person who is celebrating
celebratory	adj.	used for celebrating
celebrity	n.	a widely known person
celebrity	n.	the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed
celeriac	n.	grown for its thickened edible aromatic root
celeriac	n.	thickened edible aromatic root of a variety of celery plant
celerity	n.	a rate that is rapid
celery	n.	widely cultivated herb with aromatic leaf stalks that are eaten raw or cooked
celery	n.	stalks eaten raw or cooked or used as seasoning
celesta	n.	a musical instrument consisting of graduated steel plates that are struck by hammers activated by a keyboard
celestial	adj.	of or relating to the sky
celestial	adj.	relating to or inhabiting a divine heaven
celestial	adj.	of heaven or the spirit
celibacy	n.	an unmarried status
celibacy	n.	abstaining from sexual relations (as because of religious vows)
celibate	n.	an unmarried person who has taken a religious vow of chastity
celibate	adj.	abstaining from sexual intercourse
cell	n.	any small compartment
cell	n.	(biology) the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms; they may exist as independent units of life (as in monads) or may form colonies or tissues as in higher plants and animals
cell	n.	a device that delivers an electric current as the result of a chemical reaction
cell	n.	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement
cell	n.	a hand-held mobile radiotelephone for use in an area divided into small sections, each with its own short-range transmitter/receiver
cell	n.	small room in which a monk or nun lives
cell	n.	a room where a prisoner is kept
cellar	n.	the lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly below ground level; often used for storage
cellar	n.	an excavation where root vegetables are stored
cellar	n.	storage space where wines are stored
cellini	n.	Italian sculptor (1500-1571)
cellist	n.	someone who plays a violoncello
cello	n.	a large stringed instrument; seated player holds it upright while playing
cellophane	n.	a transparent paperlike product that is impervious to moisture and used to wrap candy or cigarettes etc.
cellphone	n.	a hand-held mobile radiotelephone for use in an area divided into small sections, each with its own short-range transmitter/receiver
cellular	adj.	relating to cells
cellular	adj.	characterized by or divided into or containing cells or compartments (the smallest organizational or structural unit of an organism or organization)
cellulite	n.	lumpy deposits of body fat especially on women's thighs etc.
cellulitis	n.	an inflammation of body tissue (especially that below the skin) characterized by fever and swelling and redness and pain
celluloid	n.	highly flammable substance made from cellulose nitrate and camphor; used in e.g. motion-picture and X-ray film; its use has decreased with the development of nonflammable thermoplastics
celluloid	n.	a medium that disseminates moving pictures
celluloid	adj.	artificial as if portrayed in a film
cellulose	n.	a polysaccharide that is the chief constituent of all plant tissues and fibers
celsius	n.	Swedish astronomer who devised the centigrade thermometer (1701-1744)
celt	n.	a member of a European people who once occupied Britain and Spain and Gaul prior to Roman times
celtic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European languages that (judging from inscriptions and place names) was spread widely over Europe in the pre-Christian era
celtic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the Celts
cement	n.	concrete pavement is sometimes referred to as cement
cement	n.	a building material that is a powder made of a mixture of calcined limestone and clay; used with water and sand or gravel to make concrete and mortar
cement	n.	something that hardens to act as adhesive material
cement	n.	any of various materials used by dentists to fill cavities in teeth
cement	n.	a specialized bony substance covering the root of a tooth
cement	v.	make fast as if with cement
cement	v.	cover or coat with cement
cement	v.	bind or join with or as if with cement
cementum	n.	a specialized bony substance covering the root of a tooth
cemetery	n.	a tract of land used for burials
cenobite	n.	a member of a religious order living in common
cenobitic	adj.	of or relating to or befitting cenobites or their practices of communal living
cenotaph	n.	a monument built to honor people whose remains are interred elsewhere or whose remains cannot be recovered
cenotaphs	n.	a monument built to honor people whose remains are interred elsewhere or whose remains cannot be recovered
cenozoic	n.	approximately the last 63 million years
cenozoic	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the Cenozoic era
censer	n.	a container for burning incense (especially one that is swung on a chain in a religious ritual)
censor	n.	someone who censures or condemns
censor	n.	a person who is authorized to read publications or correspondence or to watch theatrical performances and suppress in whole or in part anything considered obscene or politically unacceptable
censor	v.	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper)
censor	v.	subject to political, religious, or moral censorship
censored	v.	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper)
censored	v.	subject to political, religious, or moral censorship
censored	adj.	suppressed or subject to censorship
censorial	adj.	belonging or relating to a censor or a censor's functions
censorious	adj.	harshly critical or expressing censure
censorship	n.	counterintelligence achieved by banning or deleting any information of value to the enemy
censorship	n.	deleting parts of publications or correspondence or theatrical performances
censure	n.	harsh criticism or disapproval
censure	n.	the state of being excommunicated
censure	v.	rebuke formally
census	n.	a periodic count of the population
census	v.	conduct a census
cent	n.	a fractional monetary unit of several countries
cent	n.	a coin worth one-hundredth of the value of the basic unit
centaur	n.	(classical mythology) a mythical being that is half man and half horse
centaur	n.	a conspicuous constellation in the southern hemisphere near the Southern Cross
centaurus	n.	a conspicuous constellation in the southern hemisphere near the Southern Cross
centavo	n.	a fractional monetary unit of several countries: El Salvador and Sao Tome and Principe and Brazil and Argentina and Bolivia and Colombia and Cuba and the Dominican Republic and Ecuador and El Salvador and Guatemala and Honduras and Mexico and Nicaragua and Peru and the Philippines and Portugal
centenarian	n.	someone who is at least 100 years old
centenarian	adj.	being at least 100 years old
centenary	n.	the 100th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
centenary	adj.	of or relating to or completing a period of 100 years
centennial	n.	the 100th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
centennial	adj.	of or relating to or completing a period of 100 years
center	n.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region
center	n.	the piece of ground in the outfield directly ahead of the catcher
center	n.	a building dedicated to a particular activity
center	n.	a point equidistant from the ends of a line or the extremities of a figure
center	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
center	n.	the object upon which interest and attention focuses
center	n.	a cluster of nerve cells governing a specific bodily process
center	n.	the middle of a military or naval formation
center	n.	(basketball) the person who plays center on a basketball team
center	n.	(football) the person who plays center on the line of scrimmage and snaps the ball to the quarterback
center	n.	a place where some particular activity is concentrated
center	n.	politically moderate persons; centrists
center	n.	(ice hockey) the person who plays center on a hockey team
center	n.	the sweet central portion of a piece of candy that is enclosed in chocolate or some other covering
center	n.	mercantile establishment consisting of a carefully landscaped complex of shops representing leading merchandisers; usually includes restaurants and a convenient parking area; a modern version of the traditional marketplace
center	n.	the position on a hockey team of the player who participates in the face off at the beginning of the game
center	n.	(American football) the position of the player on the line of scrimmage who puts the ball in play
center	n.	a position on a basketball team of the player who participates in the jump that starts the game
center	v.	center upon
center	v.	direct one's attention on something
center	v.	move into the center
center	adj.	equally distant from the extremes
center	adj.	of or belonging to neither the right nor the left politically or intellectually
centerboard	n.	a retractable fin keel used on sailboats to prevent drifting to leeward
centerfold	n.	a magazine center spread; especially a foldout of a large photograph or map or other feature
centerpiece	n.	the central or most important feature
centerpiece	n.	something placed at the center of something else (as on a table)
centigrade	adj.	of or relating to a temperature scale on which the freezing point of water is 0 degrees and the boiling point of water is 100 degrees
centiliter	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one hundredth of a liter
centime	n.	a fractional monetary unit of several countries: France and Algeria and Belgium and Burkina Faso and Burundi and Cameroon and Chad and the Congo and Gabon and Haiti and the Ivory Coast and Luxembourg and Mali and Morocco and Niger and Rwanda and Senegal and Switzerland and Togo
centime	n.	a coin worth one-hundredth of the value of the basic unit
centimeter	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one hundredth of a meter
centipede	n.	chiefly nocturnal predacious arthropod having a flattened body of 15 to 173 segments each with a pair of legs, the foremost pair being modified as prehensors
central	n.	a workplace that serves as a telecommunications facility where lines from telephones can be connected together to permit communication
central	adj.	serving as an essential component
central	adj.	in or near a center or constituting a center; the inner area
centralism	n.	the political policy of concentrating power in a central organization
centralist	adj.	advocating centralization
centrality	n.	the property of being central
centralization	n.	the act of consolidating power under a central control
centralization	n.	gathering to a center
centralize	v.	make central
centrifugal	adj.	tending to move away from a center
centrifugal	adj.	tending away from centralization, as of authority
centrifugal	adj.	conveying information to the muscles from the CNS
centrifuge	n.	an apparatus that uses centrifugal force to separate particles from a suspension
centrifuge	v.	rotate at very high speed in order to separate the liquids from the solids
centripetal	adj.	tending to move toward a center
centripetal	adj.	tending to unify
centripetal	adj.	of a nerve fiber or impulse originating outside and passing toward the central nervous system
centrism	n.	a political philosophy of avoiding the extremes of left and right by taking a moderate position or course of action
centrist	n.	a person who takes a position in the political center
centrist	adj.	supporting or pursuing a course of action that is neither liberal nor conservative
centurion	n.	(ancient Rome) the leader of 100 soldiers
century	n.	a period of 100 years
century	n.	ten 10s
ceo	n.	the corporate executive responsible for the operations of the firm; reports to a board of directors; may appoint other managers (including a president)
cephalic	adj.	of or relating to the head
cepheus	n.	(Greek mythology) king of Ethiopia and husband of Cassiopeia
cepheus	n.	a faint constellation in the northern hemisphere near Cassiopeia and the pole star
ceramic	n.	an artifact made of hard brittle material produced from nonmetallic minerals by firing at high temperatures
ceramic	adj.	of or relating to or made from a ceramic
ceramicist	n.	a craftsman who shapes pottery on a potter's wheel and bakes them it a kiln
ceramics	n.	the art of making and decorating pottery
ceramics	n.	an artifact made of hard brittle material produced from nonmetallic minerals by firing at high temperatures
ceramist	n.	a craftsman who shapes pottery on a potter's wheel and bakes them it a kiln
cerberus	n.	(Greek mythology) the three-headed dog guarding the entrance to Hades; son of Typhon
cereal	n.	grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; buckwheat; millet
cereal	n.	foodstuff prepared from the starchy grains of cereal grasses
cereal	n.	a breakfast food prepared from grain
cereal	adj.	made of grain or relating to grain or the plants that produce it
cerebellar	adj.	relating to or associated with the cerebellum
cerebellum	n.	a major division of the vertebrate brain; situated above the medulla oblongata and beneath the cerebrum in humans
cerebra	n.	anterior portion of the brain consisting of two hemispheres; dominant part of the brain in humans
cerebral	adj.	involving intelligence rather than emotions or instinct
cerebral	adj.	of or relating to the cerebrum or brain
cerebrate	v.	use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments
cerebration	n.	the process of using your mind to consider something carefully
cerebrovascular	adj.	of or relating to the brain and the blood vessels that supply it
cerebrum	n.	anterior portion of the brain consisting of two hemispheres; dominant part of the brain in humans
cerement	n.	burial garment in which a corpse is wrapped
ceremonial	n.	a formal event performed on a special occasion
ceremonial	adj.	marked by pomp or ceremony or formality
ceremonious	adj.	characterized by pomp and ceremony and stately display
ceremonious	adj.	rigidly formal or bound by convention
ceremoniousness	n.	a ceremonial manner
ceremony	n.	a formal event performed on a special occasion
ceremony	n.	any activity that is performed in an especially solemn elaborate or formal way
ceremony	n.	the proper or conventional behavior on some solemn occasion
ceres	n.	(Roman mythology) goddess of agriculture; counterpart of Greek Demeter
ceres	n.	the largest asteroid and the first discovered
ceres	n.	the fleshy, waxy covering at the base of the upper beak of some birds
ceres	v.	wrap up in a cerecloth
cerise	n.	a red the color of ripe cherries
cerise	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
cerium	n.	a ductile grey metallic element of the lanthanide series; used in lighter flints; the most abundant of the rare-earth group
cert	n.	an absolute certainty
certain	adj.	definite but not specified or identified
certain	adj.	having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured
certain	adj.	established beyond doubt or question; definitely known
certain	adj.	certain to occur; destined or inevitable; ; ; - Benjamin Franklin
certain	adj.	established irrevocably
certain	adj.	reliable in operation or effect
certain	adj.	exercising or taking care great enough to bring assurance
certainty	n.	the state of being certain
certainty	n.	something that is certain
certifiable	adj.	fit to be certified as insane (and treated accordingly)
certifiable	adj.	capable of being guaranteed or certified
certificate	n.	a document attesting to the truth of certain stated facts
certificate	n.	a formal declaration that documents a fact of relevance to finance and investment; the holder has a right to receive interest or dividends
certificate	v.	present someone with a certificate
certificate	v.	authorize by certificate
certification	n.	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on
certification	n.	confirmation that some fact or statement is true through the use of documentary evidence
certification	n.	a document attesting to the truth of certain stated facts
certification	n.	validating the authenticity of something or someone
certify	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
certify	v.	guarantee payment on; of checks
certify	v.	authorize officially
certify	v.	guarantee as meeting a certain standard
certify	v.	declare legally insane
certitude	n.	total certainty or greater certainty than circumstances warrant
certitudes	n.	total certainty or greater certainty than circumstances warrant
cerulean	n.	a light shade of blue
cerulean	adj.	of a deep somewhat purplish blue color similar to that of a clear October sky
cervantes	n.	Spanish writer best remembered for `Don Quixote' which satirizes chivalry and influenced the development of the novel form (1547-1616)
cervical	adj.	of or relating to the cervix of the uterus
cervical	adj.	relating to or associated with the neck
cervices	n.	the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest of the body
cervices	n.	necklike opening to the uterus
cervix	n.	the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest of the body
cervix	n.	necklike opening to the uterus
cesarean	n.	the delivery of a fetus by surgical incision through the abdominal wall and uterus (from the belief that Julius Caesar was born that way)
cesarean	adj.	relating to abdominal delivery
cesium	n.	a soft silver-white ductile metallic element (liquid at normal temperatures); the most electropositive and alkaline metal
cessation	n.	a stopping
cession	n.	the act of ceding
cesspit	n.	a covered cistern; waste water and sewage flow into it
cesspool	n.	a covered cistern; waste water and sewage flow into it
cetacean	n.	large aquatic carnivorous mammal with fin-like forelimbs no hind limbs, including: whales; dolphins; porpoises; narwhals
cetacean	adj.	of or relating to whales and dolphins etc
cetus	n.	a large constellation on the equator near Pisces and Aquarius
ceylon	n.	an island in the Indian Ocean off the southeastern coast of India
ceylon	n.	a republic on the island of Ceylon; became independent of the United Kingdom in 1948
ceylonese	adj.	of or relating to Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon) or its people or culture
cezanne	n.	French Post-impressionist painter who influenced modern art (especially cubism) by stressing the structural components latent in nature (1839-1906)
cf	n.	a radioactive transuranic element; discovered by bombarding curium with alpha particles
cf	n.	the most common congenital disease; the child's lungs and intestines and pancreas become clogged with thick mucus; caused by defect in a single gene; no cure is known
cf	adv.	compare (used in texts to point the reader to another location in the text)
cfc	n.	a fluorocarbon with chlorine; formerly used as a refrigerant and as a propellant in aerosol cans
cfo	n.	the corporate executive having financial authority to make appropriations and authorize expenditures for a firm
ch'in	n.	the Chinese dynasty (from 246 BC to 206 BC) that established the first centralized imperial government and built much of the Great Wall
chablis	n.	a town in north central France noted for white Burgundy wines
chablis	n.	dry white table wine of Chablis, France or a wine resembling it
chad	n.	a small piece of paper that is supposed to be removed when a hole is punched in a card or paper tape
chad	n.	a lake in north central Africa; fed by the Shari river
chad	n.	a landlocked desert republic in north-central Africa; was under French control until 1960
chad	n.	a family of Afroasiatic tonal languages (mostly two tones) spoken in the regions west and south of Lake Chad in north central Africa
chadian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Chad
chadian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Republic of Chad or its people or language
chafe	n.	soreness and warmth caused by friction
chafe	n.	anger produced by some annoying irritation
chafe	v.	become or make sore by or as if by rubbing
chafe	v.	feel extreme irritation or anger
chafe	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
chafe	v.	tear or wear off the skin or make sore by abrading
chafe	v.	cause friction
chafe	v.	warm by rubbing, as with the hands
chaff	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
chaff	n.	foil in thin strips; ejected into the air as a radar countermeasure
chaff	v.	be silly or tease one another
chaffinch	n.	small European finch with a cheerful song
chagall	n.	French painter (born in Russia) noted for his imagery and brilliant colors (1887-1985)
chagrin	n.	strong feelings of embarrassment
chagrin	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
chain	n.	a series of things depending on each other as if linked together
chain	n.	(chemistry) a series of linked atoms (generally in an organic molecule)
chain	n.	a series of (usually metal) rings or links fitted into one another to make a flexible ligament
chain	n.	(business) a number of similar establishments (stores or restaurants or banks or hotels or theaters) under one ownership
chain	n.	anything that acts as a restraint
chain	n.	a unit of length
chain	n.	British biochemist (born in Germany) who isolated and purified penicillin, which had been discovered in 1928 by Sir Alexander Fleming (1906-1979)
chain	n.	a series of hills or mountains
chain	n.	a linked or connected series of objects
chain	n.	a necklace made by a stringing objects together
chain	v.	connect or arrange into a chain by linking
chain	v.	fasten or secure with chains
chainsaw	n.	portable power saw; teeth linked to form an endless chain
chair	n.	a seat for one person, with a support for the back
chair	n.	the position of professor
chair	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chair	n.	an instrument of execution by electrocution; resembles an ordinary seat for one person
chair	n.	a particular seat in an orchestra
chair	v.	act or preside as chair, as of an academic department in a university
chair	v.	preside over
chairlift	n.	a ski lift on which riders (skiers or sightseers) are seated and carried up or down a mountainside; seats are hung from an endless overhead cable
chairman	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chairman	v.	act or preside as chair, as of an academic department in a university
chairmanship	n.	the position of chairman
chairmen	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chairperson	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chairwoman	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chairwomen	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
chaise	n.	a long chair; for reclining
chaise	n.	a carriage consisting of two wheels and a calash top; drawn by a single horse
chalcedony	n.	a milky or greyish translucent to transparent quartz
chaldea	n.	an ancient region of Mesopotamia lying between the Euphrates delta and the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Desert; settled in 1000 BC and destroyed by the Persians in 539 BC; reached the height of its power under Nebuchadnezzar II
chaldea	n.	an ancient kingdom in southern Mesopotamia; Babylonia conquered Israel in the 6th century BC and exiled the Jews to Babylon (where Daniel became a counselor to the king)
chaldean	n.	a wise man skilled in occult learning
chaldean	n.	an inhabitant of ancient Chaldea
chaldean	adj.	of or relating to ancient Chaldea or its people or language or culture
chalet	n.	a Swiss house with a sloping roof and wide eaves or a house built in this style
chalice	n.	a bowl-shaped drinking vessel; especially the Eucharistic cup
chalk	n.	a soft whitish calcite
chalk	n.	a pure flat white with little reflectance
chalk	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
chalk	n.	a piece of calcite or a similar substance, usually in the shape of a crayon, that is used to write or draw on blackboards or other flat surfaces
chalk	v.	write, draw, or trace with chalk
chalkboard	n.	sheet of slate; for writing with chalk
chalky	adj.	composed of or containing or resembling calcium carbonate or calcite or chalk
chalky	adj.	of something having the color of chalk
challenge	n.	a demanding or stimulating situation
challenge	n.	a call to engage in a contest or fight
challenge	n.	questioning a statement and demanding an explanation
challenge	n.	a formal objection to the selection of a particular person as a juror
challenge	n.	a demand by a sentry for a password or identification
challenge	v.	take exception to
challenge	v.	issue a challenge to
challenge	v.	ask for identification
challenge	v.	raise a formal objection in a court of law
challenged	v.	take exception to
challenged	v.	issue a challenge to
challenged	v.	ask for identification
challenged	v.	raise a formal objection in a court of law
challenger	n.	the contestant you hope to defeat
challis	n.	a soft lightweight fabric (usually printed)
chamber	n.	a natural or artificial enclosed space
chamber	n.	an enclosed volume in the body
chamber	n.	a room where a judge transacts business
chamber	n.	a deliberative or legislative or administrative or judicial assembly
chamber	n.	a room used primarily for sleeping
chamber	v.	place in a chamber
chamberlain	n.	British statesman who as Prime Minister pursued a policy of appeasement toward fascist Germany (1869-1940)
chamberlain	n.	the treasurer of a municipal corporation
chamberlain	n.	an officer who manages the household of a king or nobleman
chambermaid	n.	a maid who is employed to clean and care for bedrooms (now primarily in hotels)
chambers	n.	English architect (1723-1796)
chambers	n.	a natural or artificial enclosed space
chambers	n.	an enclosed volume in the body
chambers	n.	a room where a judge transacts business
chambers	n.	a deliberative or legislative or administrative or judicial assembly
chambers	n.	a room used primarily for sleeping
chambers	v.	place in a chamber
chambray	n.	a lightweight fabric woven with white threads across a colored warp
chameleon	n.	a changeable or inconstant person
chameleon	n.	a faint constellation in the polar region of the southern hemisphere near Apus and Mensa
chameleon	n.	lizard of Africa and Madagascar able to change skin color and having a projectile tongue
chamois	n.	a soft suede leather formerly from the skin of the chamois antelope but now from sheepskin
chamois	n.	hoofed mammal of mountains of Eurasia having upright horns with backward-hooked tips
chamomile	n.	Eurasian plant with apple-scented foliage and white-rayed flowers and feathery leaves used medicinally; in some classification systems placed in genus Anthemis
champ	n.	someone who has won first place in a competition
champ	v.	chafe at the bit, like horses
champ	v.	chew noisily
champagne	n.	a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produced there
champagne	n.	a region of northeastern France
champaign	n.	extensive tract of level open land
champaign	n.	a university town in east central Illinois adjoining Urbana
champion	n.	someone who has won first place in a competition
champion	n.	someone who fights for a cause
champion	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
champion	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
champion	v.	protect or fight for as a champion
champion	adj.	holding first place in a contest
championship	n.	the status of being a champion
championship	n.	a competition at which a champion is chosen
championship	n.	the act of providing approval and support
champlain	n.	French explorer in Nova Scotia who established a settlement on the site of modern Quebec (1567-1635)
champlain	n.	a lake in northeastern New York, northwestern Vermont and southern Quebec; site of many battles in the French and Indian War and in the American Revolution and in the War of 1812
champollion	n.	Frenchman and Egyptologist who studied the Rosetta Stone and in 1821 became the first person to decipher Egyptian hieroglyphics (1790-1832)
chance	n.	a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances
chance	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another
chance	n.	a risk involving danger
chance	n.	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible
chance	n.	the possibility of future success
chance	v.	be the case by chance
chance	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
chance	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
chance	adj.	occurring or appearing or singled out by chance
chancel	n.	area around the altar of a church for the clergy and choir; often enclosed by a lattice or railing
chancellery	n.	a government building housing the office of a chancellor
chancellor	n.	the British cabinet minister responsible for finance
chancellor	n.	the person who is head of state (in several countries)
chancellor	n.	the honorary or titular head of a university
chancellorship	n.	the office of chancellor
chancellorsville	n.	a village in northeastern Virginia
chancellorsville	n.	a major battle in the American Civil War (1863); the Confederates under Robert E. Lee defeated the Union forces under Joseph Hooker
chancery	n.	a court with jurisdiction in equity
chancery	n.	an office of archives for public or ecclesiastic records; a court of public records
chancre	n.	a small hard painless nodule at the site of entry of a pathogen (as syphilis)
chancy	adj.	of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; - New Yorker
chancy	adj.	subject to accident or chance or change
chandelier	n.	branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling
chandler	n.	United States writer of detective thrillers featuring the character of Philip Marlowe (1888-1959)
chandler	n.	a retail dealer in provisions and supplies
chandler	n.	a maker (and seller) of candles and soap and oils and paints
chang	n.	the longest river of Asia; flows eastward from Tibet into the East China Sea near Shanghai
change	n.	an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another
change	n.	a relational difference between states; especially between states before and after some event
change	n.	the action of changing something
change	n.	the result of alteration or modification
change	n.	the balance of money received when the amount you tender is greater than the amount due
change	n.	a thing that is different
change	n.	a different or fresh set of clothes
change	n.	coins of small denomination regarded collectively
change	n.	money received in return for its equivalent in a larger denomination or a different currency
change	n.	a difference that is usually pleasant
change	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
change	v.	undergo a change; become different in essence; losing one's or its original nature
change	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
change	v.	lay aside, abandon, or leave for another
change	v.	change clothes; put on different clothes
change	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
change	v.	give to, and receive from, one another
change	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
change	v.	become deeper in tone
change	v.	remove or replace the coverings of
changeability	n.	the quality of being changeable; having a marked tendency to change
changeable	adj.	capable of or tending to change in form or quality or nature
changeable	adj.	such that alteration is possible; having a marked tendency to change
changeable	adj.	subject to change
changeable	adj.	varying in color when seen in different lights or from different angles
changeableness	n.	the quality of being changeable; having a marked tendency to change
changed	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
changed	v.	undergo a change; become different in essence; losing one's or its original nature
changed	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
changed	v.	lay aside, abandon, or leave for another
changed	v.	change clothes; put on different clothes
changed	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
changed	v.	give to, and receive from, one another
changed	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
changed	v.	become deeper in tone
changed	v.	remove or replace the coverings of
changed	adj.	made or become different in nature or form
changed	adj.	made or become different in some respect
changed	adj.	changed in constitution or structure or composition by metamorphism
changeless	adj.	not subject or susceptible to change or variation in form or quality or nature
changeless	adj.	unvarying in nature
changeless	adj.	remaining the same for indefinitely long times
changeling	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
changeling	n.	a child secretly exchanged for another in infancy
changeover	n.	an event that results in a transformation
changer	n.	a person who changes something
changer	n.	an automatic mechanical device on a record player that causes new records to be played without manual intervention
changing	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
changing	v.	undergo a change; become different in essence; losing one's or its original nature
changing	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
changing	v.	lay aside, abandon, or leave for another
changing	v.	change clothes; put on different clothes
changing	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
changing	v.	give to, and receive from, one another
changing	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
changing	v.	become deeper in tone
changing	v.	remove or replace the coverings of
changing	adj.	marked by continuous change or effective action
channel	n.	a path over which electrical signals can pass
channel	n.	a passage for water (or other fluids) to flow through
channel	n.	a long narrow furrow cut either by a natural process (such as erosion) or by a tool (as e.g. a groove in a phonograph record)
channel	n.	a deep and relatively narrow body of water (as in a river or a harbor or a strait linking two larger bodies) that allows the best passage for vessels
channel	n.	(often plural) a means of communication or access
channel	n.	a bodily passage or tube lined with epithelial cells and conveying a secretion or other substance
channel	n.	a television station and its programs
channel	n.	a way of selling a company's product either directly or via distributors
channel	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
channel	v.	direct the flow of
channel	v.	send from one person or place to another
channelization	n.	management through specified channels of communication
channelize	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
channelize	v.	make a channel for; provide with a channel
channelize	v.	send from one person or place to another
channelize	v.	cause to form a channel
chant	n.	a repetitive song in which as many syllables as necessary are assigned to a single tone
chant	v.	recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm
chant	v.	utter monotonously and repetitively and rhythmically
chanter	n.	reed pipe with finger holes on which the melody is played
chantey	n.	a rhythmical work song originally sung by sailors
chaos	n.	a state of extreme confusion and disorder
chaos	n.	the formless and disordered state of matter before the creation of the cosmos
chaos	n.	(Greek mythology) the most ancient of gods; the personification of the infinity of space preceding creation of the universe
chaos	n.	(physics) a dynamical system that is extremely sensitive to its initial conditions
chaotic	adj.	lacking a visible order or organization
chaotic	adj.	completely unordered and unpredictable and confusing
chaotic	adj.	of or relating to a sensitive dependence on initial conditions
chaotically	adv.	in a wild and confused manner
chaotically	adv.	in a manner suggestive of chaos
chap	n.	a boy or man
chap	n.	a long narrow depression in a surface
chap	n.	a crack in a lip caused usually by cold
chap	n.	(usually in the plural) leather leggings without a seat; joined by a belt; often have flared outer flaps; worn over trousers by cowboys to protect their legs
chap	v.	crack due to dehydration
chaparral	n.	dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes
chapati	n.	flat pancake-like bread cooked on a griddle
chapatti	n.	flat pancake-like bread cooked on a griddle
chapeau	n.	headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim
chapel	n.	a place of worship that has its own altar
chapel	n.	a service conducted in a place of worship that has its own altar
chaperon	n.	one who accompanies and supervises a young woman or gatherings of young people
chaperon	v.	accompany as a chaperone
chaperoned	v.	accompany as a chaperone
chaplain	n.	a clergyman ministering to some institution
chaplaincy	n.	the position of chaplain
chaplet	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
chaplin	n.	English comedian and film maker; portrayed a downtrodden little man in baggy pants and bowler hat (1889-1977)
chapman	n.	United States pioneer who planted apple trees as he traveled (1774-1845)
chapman	n.	archaic term for an itinerant peddler
chapped	v.	crack due to dehydration
chapped	adj.	used of skin roughened as a result of cold or exposure
chapping	v.	crack due to dehydration
chapter	n.	a subdivision of a written work; usually numbered and titled
chapter	n.	any distinct period in history or in a person's life
chapter	n.	a local branch of some fraternity or association
chapter	n.	an ecclesiastical assembly of the monks in a monastery or even of the canons of a church
chapter	n.	a series of related events forming an episode
chapultepec	n.	a pitched battle in the Mexican War that resulted in a major victory for American forces over Mexican forces at a locality south of Mexico City (1847)
char	n.	a charred substance
char	n.	a human female employed to do housework
char	n.	any of several small trout-like fish of the genus Salvelinus
char	v.	burn to charcoal
char	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
charabanc	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
character	n.	an imaginary person represented in a work of fiction (play or film or story)
character	n.	a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something
character	n.	the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions; - Herbert Spencer
character	n.	an actor's portrayal of someone in a play
character	n.	a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities)
character	n.	good repute
character	n.	a formal recommendation by a former employer to a potential future employer describing the person's qualifications and dependability
character	n.	a written symbol that is used to represent speech
character	n.	(genetics) an attribute (structural or functional) that is determined by a gene or group of genes
character	v.	engrave or inscribe characters on
characteristic	n.	a prominent attribute or aspect of something
characteristic	n.	a distinguishing quality
characteristic	n.	the integer part (positive or negative) of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log 643 = 2.808 the characteristic is 2
characteristic	n.	any measurable property of a device measured under closely specified conditions
characteristic	adj.	typical or distinctive
characteristically	adv.	in characteristic manner
characterization	n.	a graphic or vivid verbal description
characterization	n.	the act of describing distinctive characteristics or essential features
characterization	n.	acting the part of a character on stage; dramatically representing the character by speech and action and gesture
characterize	v.	describe or portray the character or the qualities or peculiarities of
characterize	v.	be characteristic of
characterless	adj.	lacking distinct or individual characteristics; dull and uninteresting
charade	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
charade	n.	a word acted out in an episode of the game of charades
charcoal	n.	a carbonaceous material obtained by heating wood or other organic matter in the absence of air
charcoal	n.	a stick of black carbon material used for drawing
charcoal	n.	a very dark grey color
charcoal	n.	a drawing made with a stick of black carbon material
charcoal	v.	draw, trace, or represent with charcoal
charcoal	adj.	of a very dark grey
chard	n.	beet lacking swollen root; grown as a vegetable for its edible leaves and stalks
chard	n.	long succulent whitish stalks with large green leaves
chardonnay	n.	white wine grape
chardonnay	n.	dry white table wine resembling Chablis but made from Chardonnay grapes
charge	n.	an impetuous rush toward someone or something
charge	n.	(criminal law) a pleading describing some wrong or offense
charge	n.	the price charged for some article or service
charge	n.	the quantity of unbalanced electricity in a body (either positive or negative) and construed as an excess or deficiency of electrons
charge	n.	attention and management implying responsibility for safety
charge	n.	a special assignment that is given to a person or group
charge	n.	a person committed to your care
charge	n.	financial liabilities (such as a tax)
charge	n.	(psychoanalysis) the libidinal energy invested in some idea or person or object
charge	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
charge	n.	request for payment of a debt
charge	n.	a formal statement of a command or injunction to do something
charge	n.	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence
charge	n.	heraldry consisting of a design or image depicted on a shield
charge	n.	a quantity of explosive to be set off at one time
charge	v.	to make a rush at or sudden attack upon, as in battle
charge	v.	blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against
charge	v.	demand payment
charge	v.	move quickly and violently
charge	v.	assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to
charge	v.	file a formal charge against
charge	v.	make an accusatory claim
charge	v.	fill or load to capacity
charge	v.	enter a certain amount as a charge
charge	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
charge	v.	give over to another for care or safekeeping
charge	v.	pay with a credit card; pay with plastic money; postpone payment by recording a purchase as a debt
charge	v.	lie down on command, of hunting dogs
charge	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
charge	v.	place a heraldic bearing on
charge	v.	provide (a device) with something necessary
charge	v.	direct into a position for use
charge	v.	impose a task upon, assign a responsibility to
charge	v.	instruct (a jury) about the law, its application, and the weighing of evidence
charge	v.	instruct or command with authority
charge	v.	attribute responsibility to
charge	v.	set or ask for a certain price
charge	v.	cause formation of a net electrical charge in or on
charge	v.	energize a battery by passing a current through it in the direction opposite to discharge
charge	v.	saturate
chargeable	adj.	liable to be accused, or cause for such liability
charged	v.	to make a rush at or sudden attack upon, as in battle
charged	v.	blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against
charged	v.	demand payment
charged	v.	move quickly and violently
charged	v.	assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to
charged	v.	file a formal charge against
charged	v.	make an accusatory claim
charged	v.	fill or load to capacity
charged	v.	enter a certain amount as a charge
charged	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
charged	v.	give over to another for care or safekeeping
charged	v.	pay with a credit card; pay with plastic money; postpone payment by recording a purchase as a debt
charged	v.	lie down on command, of hunting dogs
charged	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
charged	v.	place a heraldic bearing on
charged	v.	provide (a device) with something necessary
charged	v.	direct into a position for use
charged	v.	impose a task upon, assign a responsibility to
charged	v.	instruct (a jury) about the law, its application, and the weighing of evidence
charged	v.	instruct or command with authority
charged	v.	attribute responsibility to
charged	v.	set or ask for a certain price
charged	v.	cause formation of a net electrical charge in or on
charged	v.	energize a battery by passing a current through it in the direction opposite to discharge
charged	v.	saturate
charged	adj.	of a particle or body or system; having a net amount of positive or negative electric charge
charged	adj.	fraught with great emotion
charged	adj.	supplied with carbon dioxide
charged	adj.	capable of producing violent emotion or arousing controversy
charger	n.	formerly a strong swift horse ridden into battle
charger	n.	a device for charging or recharging batteries
charily	adv.	with great caution; warily
chariness	n.	the trait of being cautious and watchful
chariot	n.	a light four-wheel horse-drawn ceremonial carriage
chariot	n.	a two-wheeled horse-drawn battle vehicle; used in war and races in ancient Egypt and Greece and Rome
chariot	v.	transport in a chariot
chariot	v.	ride in a chariot
charioteer	n.	the driver of a chariot
charioteer	n.	a conspicuous constellation in the northern hemisphere; between Great Bear and Orion at edge of Milky Way
charisma	n.	a personal attractiveness or interestingness that enables you to influence others
charismatic	adj.	possessing an extraordinary ability to attract
charitable	adj.	relating to or characterized by charity
charitable	adj.	full of love and generosity
charitable	adj.	showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity
charitableness	n.	generosity as manifested by practicing charity (as for the poor or unfortunate)
charitably	adv.	in a charitable manner
charity	n.	a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any particular individuals)
charity	n.	a kindly and lenient attitude toward people
charity	n.	an activity or gift that benefits the public at large
charity	n.	pinnate-leaved European perennial having bright blue or white flowers
charity	n.	an institution set up to provide help to the needy
charlatan	n.	a flamboyant deceiver; one who attracts customers with tricks or jokes
charlatanism	n.	the dishonesty of a charlatan
charlemagne	n.	king of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor; conqueror of the Lombards and Saxons (742-814)
charles	n.	King of France from 1560 to 1574 whose reign was dominated by his mother Catherine de Medicis (1550-1574)
charles	n.	King of France who began his reign with most of northern France under English control; after the intervention of Jeanne d'Arc the French were able to defeat the English and end the Hundred Years' War (1403-1461)
charles	n.	as Charles II he was Holy Roman Emperor and as Charles I he was king of France (823-877)
charles	n.	King of England and Scotland and Ireland during the Restoration (1630-1685)
charles	n.	son of James I who was King of England and Scotland and Ireland; was deposed and executed by Oliver Cromwell (1600-1649)
charles	n.	the eldest son of Elizabeth II and heir to the English throne (born in 1948)
charles	n.	French physicist and author of Charles's law which anticipated Gay-Lussac's law (1746-1823)
charles	n.	king of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor; conqueror of the Lombards and Saxons (742-814)
charles	n.	a river in eastern Massachusetts that empties into Boston Harbor and that separates Cambridge from Boston
charleston	n.	state capital of West Virginia in the central part of the state on the Kanawha river
charleston	n.	a port city in southeastern South Carolina
charleston	n.	an American ballroom dance in syncopated rhythm; popular early in the 20th century
charleston	v.	dance the Charleston
charlotte	n.	the largest city in North Carolina; located in south central North Carolina
charlotte	n.	a mold lined with cake or crumbs and filled with fruit or whipped cream or custard
charlottetown	n.	the provincial capital and largest city of Prince Edward Island
charm	n.	attractiveness that interests or pleases or stimulates
charm	n.	a verbal formula believed to have magical force
charm	n.	something believed to bring good luck
charm	n.	(physics) one of the six flavors of quark
charm	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
charm	v.	control by magic spells, as by practicing witchcraft
charm	v.	protect through supernatural powers or charms
charm	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
charmer	n.	someone with an assured and ingratiating manner
charmer	n.	a person who charms others (usually by personal attractiveness)
charming	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
charming	v.	control by magic spells, as by practicing witchcraft
charming	v.	protect through supernatural powers or charms
charming	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
charming	adj.	pleasing or delighting
charming	adj.	possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
charolais	n.	large white or cream-colored breed from France
charon	n.	(Greek mythology) the ferryman who brought the souls of the dead across the river Styx or the river Acheron to Hades
charred	v.	burn to charcoal
charred	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
charring	v.	burn to charcoal
charring	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
chart	n.	a visual display of information
chart	n.	a map designed to assist navigation by air or sea
chart	v.	make a chart of
chart	v.	plan in detail
chart	v.	represent by means of a graph
charted	v.	make a chart of
charted	v.	plan in detail
charted	v.	represent by means of a graph
charter	n.	a document incorporating an institution and specifying its rights; includes the articles of incorporation and the certificate of incorporation
charter	n.	a contract to hire or lease transportation
charter	v.	hold under a lease or rental agreement; of goods and services
charter	v.	grant a charter to
charter	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
chartism	n.	the principles of a body of 19th century English reformers who advocated better social and economic conditions for working people
chartres	n.	a town in northern France that is noted for its Gothic Cathedral
chartreuse	n.	aromatic green or yellow liqueur flavored with orange peel and hyssop and peppermint oils; made at monastery near Grenoble, France
chartreuse	n.	a shade of green tinged with yellow
chartreuse	adj.	of something having the yellowish green color of Chartreuse liqueur
charwoman	n.	a human female employed to do housework
charwomen	n.	a human female employed to do housework
chary	adj.	characterized by great caution and wariness
charybdis	n.	(Greek mythology) a ship-devouring whirlpool lying on the other side of a narrow strait from Scylla
chase	n.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture
chase	n.	United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1808-1873)
chase	n.	a rectangular metal frame used in letterpress printing to hold together the pages or columns of composed type that are printed at one time
chase	v.	go after with the intent to catch
chase	v.	pursue someone sexually or romantically
chase	v.	cut a groove into
chase	v.	cut a furrow into a columns
chaser	n.	a person who is pursuing and trying to overtake or capture
chaser	n.	a drink to follow immediately after another drink
chasm	n.	a deep opening in the earth's surface
chassis	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
chassis	n.	a metal mounting for the circuit components of an electronic device
chassis	n.	the skeleton of a motor vehicle consisting of a steel frame supported on springs that holds the body and motor
chaste	adj.	morally pure (especially not having experienced sexual intercourse)
chaste	adj.	pure and simple in design or style
chaste	adj.	abstaining from unlawful sexual intercourse
chasten	v.	censure severely
chasten	v.	restrain
chasten	v.	correct by punishment or discipline
chasteness	n.	lack of ornamentation
chastise	v.	censure severely
chastisement	n.	verbal punishment
chastisement	n.	a rebuke for making a mistake
chastity	n.	abstaining from sexual relations (as because of religious vows)
chastity	n.	morality with respect to sexual relations
chasuble	n.	a long sleeveless vestment worn by a priest when celebrating Mass
chat	n.	an informal conversation
chat	n.	birds having a chattering call
chat	n.	songbirds having a chattering call
chat	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chateau	n.	an impressive country house (or castle) in France
chateaubriand	n.	French statesman and writer; considered a precursor of the romantic movement in France (1768-1848)
chateaubriand	n.	a very thick center cut of beef tenderloin
chateaux	n.	an impressive country house (or castle) in France
chatelaine	n.	the mistress of a chateau or large country house
chatelaine	n.	a chain formerly worn at the waist by women; for carrying a purse or bunch of keys etc.
chatroom	n.	a site on the internet where a number of users can communicate in real time (typically one dedicated to a particular topic)
chattahoochee	n.	a river rising in northern Georgia and flowing southwest and south to join the Flint River at the Florida border where they form the Apalachicola River
chattanooga	n.	a city in eastern Tennessee
chattanooga	n.	in the American Civil War (1863) the Union armies of Hooker, Thomas, and Sherman under the command of Ulysses S. Grant won a decisive victory over the Confederate Army under Braxton Bragg
chatted	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chattel	n.	personal as opposed to real property; any tangible movable property (furniture or domestic animals or a car etc)
chatter	n.	noisy talk
chatter	n.	the rapid series of noises made by the parts of a machine
chatter	n.	the high-pitched continuing noise made by animals (birds or monkeys)
chatter	v.	click repeatedly or uncontrollably
chatter	v.	cut unevenly with a chattering tool
chatter	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chatter	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
chatter	v.	make noise as if chattering away
chatterbox	n.	orchid growing along streams or ponds of western North America having leafy stems and 1 greenish-brown and pinkish flower in the axil of each upper leaf
chatterbox	n.	an obnoxious and foolish and loquacious talker
chatterer	n.	an obnoxious and foolish and loquacious talker
chatterer	n.	passerine bird of New World tropics
chattily	adv.	in a chatty manner
chatting	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chatty	adj.	full of trivial conversation
chatty	adj.	prone to friendly informal communication
chaucer	n.	English poet remembered as author of the Canterbury Tales (1340-1400)
chauffeur	n.	a man paid to drive a privately owned car
chauffeur	v.	drive someone in a vehicle
chauvinism	n.	fanatical patriotism
chauvinism	n.	activity indicative of belief in the superiority of men over women
chauvinist	n.	a person with a prejudiced belief in the superiority of his or her own kind
chauvinist	n.	an extreme bellicose nationalist
chauvinistic	adj.	of or relating to persons convinced of the superiority of their own gender or kind
chauvinistic	adj.	fanatically patriotic
chavez	n.	Mexican composer of nationalistic works using themes from Indian folk music (1899-1978)
chavez	n.	United States labor leader who organized farm workers (born 1927)
cheap	adj.	relatively low in price or charging low prices
cheap	adj.	tastelessly showy
cheap	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
cheap	adj.	embarrassingly stingy
cheapen	v.	lower the grade of something; reduce its worth
cheapness	n.	a price below the standard price
cheapness	n.	tastelessness by virtue of being cheap and vulgar
cheapskate	n.	a miserly person
cheat	n.	weedy annual grass often occurs in grainfields and other cultivated land; seeds sometimes considered poisonous
cheat	n.	weedy annual native to Europe but widely distributed as a weed especially in wheat
cheat	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
cheat	n.	the act of swindling by some fraudulent scheme
cheat	n.	a deception for profit to yourself
cheat	v.	deprive somebody of something by deceit
cheat	v.	defeat someone through trickery or deceit
cheat	v.	engage in deceitful behavior; practice trickery or fraud
cheat	v.	be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage
cheater	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
chechen	n.	a native or inhabitant of Chechnya
chechen	n.	a northern Caucasian language spoken by the Chechen
chechen	adj.	of or relating to Chechnya or its people or culture
chechnya	n.	an autonomous republic in southwestern Russia in the northern Caucasus Mountains bordering on Georgia; declared independence from the USSR in 1991 but Russian troops invaded and continue to prosecute a relentless military campaign in the largely Muslim republic
check	n.	a written order directing a bank to pay money
check	n.	an appraisal of the state of affairs
check	n.	the bill in a restaurant
check	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
check	n.	additional proof that something that was believed (some fact or hypothesis or theory) is correct
check	n.	the act of inspecting or verifying
check	n.	a mark indicating that something has been noted or completed etc.
check	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
check	n.	a mark left after a small piece has been chopped or broken off of something
check	n.	a textile pattern of squares or crossed lines (resembling a checkerboard)
check	n.	the act of restraining power or action or limiting excess
check	n.	obstructing an opponent in ice hockey
check	n.	(chess) a direct attack on an opponent's king
check	v.	examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or condition
check	v.	make an examination or investigation
check	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
check	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
check	v.	stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution
check	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
check	v.	slow the growth or development of
check	v.	be verified or confirmed; pass inspection
check	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
check	v.	block or impede (a player from the opposing team) in ice hockey
check	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
check	v.	consign for shipment on a vehicle
check	v.	hand over something to somebody as for temporary safekeeping
check	v.	abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey
check	v.	stop in a chase especially when scent is lost
check	v.	mark into squares or draw squares on; draw crossed lines on
check	v.	decline to initiate betting
check	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
check	v.	place into check
check	v.	write out a check on a bank account
check	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
check	v.	verify by consulting a source or authority
check	v.	arrest the motion (of something) abruptly
check	v.	make cracks or chinks in
check	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
checkbook	n.	a book issued to holders of checking accounts
checked	v.	examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or condition
checked	v.	make an examination or investigation
checked	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
checked	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
checked	v.	stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution
checked	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
checked	v.	slow the growth or development of
checked	v.	be verified or confirmed; pass inspection
checked	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
checked	v.	block or impede (a player from the opposing team) in ice hockey
checked	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
checked	v.	consign for shipment on a vehicle
checked	v.	hand over something to somebody as for temporary safekeeping
checked	v.	abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey
checked	v.	stop in a chase especially when scent is lost
checked	v.	mark into squares or draw squares on; draw crossed lines on
checked	v.	decline to initiate betting
checked	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
checked	v.	place into check
checked	v.	write out a check on a bank account
checked	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
checked	v.	verify by consulting a source or authority
checked	v.	arrest the motion (of something) abruptly
checked	v.	make cracks or chinks in
checked	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
checked	adj.	patterned with alternating squares of color
checker	n.	an attendant who checks coats or baggage
checker	n.	one who checks the correctness of something
checker	n.	one of the flat round pieces used in playing the game of checkers
checker	v.	mark into squares or draw squares on; draw crossed lines on
checker	v.	variegate with different colors, shades, or patterns
checkerboard	n.	a board having 64 squares of two alternating colors
checkers	n.	a checkerboard game for two players who each have 12 pieces; the object is to jump over and so capture the opponent's pieces
checkers	n.	an attendant who checks coats or baggage
checkers	n.	one who checks the correctness of something
checkers	n.	one of the flat round pieces used in playing the game of checkers
checkers	v.	mark into squares or draw squares on; draw crossed lines on
checkers	v.	variegate with different colors, shades, or patterns
checklist	n.	a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted
checkmate	n.	complete victory
checkmate	n.	a chess move constituting an inescapable and indefensible attack on the opponent's king
checkmate	v.	place an opponent's king under an attack from which it cannot escape and thus ending the game
checkout	n.	the act of inspecting or verifying
checkout	n.	the latest time for vacating a hotel room
checkout	n.	a counter in a supermarket where you pay for your purchases
checkpoint	n.	a place (as at a frontier) where travellers are stopped for inspection and clearance
checkroom	n.	a room where baggage or parcels are checked
checksum	n.	a digit representing the sum of the digits in an instance of digital data; used to check whether errors have occurred in transmission or storage
checkup	n.	a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person
cheddar	n.	a village in southwestern England where cheddar cheese was first made
cheddar	n.	hard smooth-textured cheese; originally made in Cheddar in southwestern England
cheek	n.	either side of the face below the eyes
cheek	n.	an impudent statement
cheek	n.	either of the two large fleshy masses of muscular tissue that form the human rump
cheek	n.	impudent aggressiveness
cheek	v.	speak impudently to
cheekbone	n.	the arch of bone beneath the eye that forms the prominence of the cheek
cheekily	adv.	in a brash cheeky manner
cheekiness	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
cheeky	adj.	offensively bold
cheep	n.	the short weak cry of a young bird
cheep	v.	make high-pitched sounds
cheer	n.	a cry or shout of approval
cheer	n.	the quality of being cheerful and dispelling gloom
cheer	v.	give encouragement to
cheer	v.	show approval or good wishes by shouting
cheer	v.	cause (somebody) to feel happier or more cheerful
cheer	v.	become cheerful
cheer	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
cheerer	n.	a spectator who shouts encouragement
cheerful	adj.	being full of or promoting cheer; having or showing good spirits
cheerful	adj.	pleasantly (even unrealistically) optimistic
cheerfulness	n.	the quality of being cheerful and dispelling gloom
cheerfulness	n.	a feeling of spontaneous good spirits
cheerily	adv.	in a cheerful manner
cheerio	n.	a farewell remark
cheerios	n.	a farewell remark
cheerleader	n.	an enthusiastic and vocal supporter
cheerleader	n.	someone who leads the cheers by spectators at a sporting event
cheerless	adj.	causing sad feelings of gloom and inadequacy
cheerlessness	n.	a feeling of dreary or pessimistic sadness
cheery	adj.	bright and pleasant; promoting a feeling of cheer
cheese	n.	a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk
cheese	n.	erect or decumbent Old World perennial with axillary clusters of rosy-purple flowers; introduced in United States
cheese	v.	used in the imperative (get away, or stop it)
cheese	v.	wind onto a cheese
cheeseboard	n.	tray on which cheeses are served
cheeseburger	n.	a hamburger with melted cheese on it
cheesecake	n.	made with sweetened cream cheese and eggs and cream baked in a crumb crust
cheesecake	n.	a photograph of an attractive woman in minimal attire
cheesecloth	n.	a coarse loosely woven cotton gauze; originally used to wrap cheeses
cheeseparing	adj.	giving or spending with reluctance
cheesy	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
cheetah	n.	long-legged spotted cat of Africa and southwestern Asia having nonretractile claws; the swiftest mammal; can be trained to run down game
cheetahs	n.	long-legged spotted cat of Africa and southwestern Asia having nonretractile claws; the swiftest mammal; can be trained to run down game
cheever	n.	United States writer of novels and short stories (1912-1982)
chef	n.	a professional cook
chekhov	n.	Russian dramatist whose plays are concerned with the difficulty of communication between people (1860-1904)
chelyabinsk	n.	a city in the Asian part of Russia
chemical	n.	material produced by or used in a reaction involving changes in atoms or molecules
chemical	adj.	relating to or used in chemistry
chemical	adj.	of or made from or using substances produced by or used in reactions involving atomic or molecular changes
chemise	n.	a woman's sleeveless undergarment
chemise	n.	a loose-fitting dress hanging straight from the shoulders without a waist
chemist	n.	a scientist who specializes in chemistry
chemist	n.	a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs
chemistry	n.	the science of matter; the branch of the natural sciences dealing with the composition of substances and their properties and reactions
chemistry	n.	the chemical composition and properties of a substance or object
chemistry	n.	the way two individuals relate to each other
chemotherapeutic	adj.	of or relating to chemotherapy
chemotherapy	n.	the use of chemical agents to treat or control disease (or mental illness)
chen	n.	wild goose having white adult plumage
chenille	n.	a soft tufted cord used in embroidery
chenille	n.	a heavy fabric woven with chenille cord; used in rugs and bedspreads
chennai	n.	a city in Tamil Nadu on the Bay of Bengal; formerly Madras
cheops	n.	Egyptian Pharaoh of the 27th century BC who commissioned the Great Pyramid at Giza
cherish	v.	be fond of; be attached to
chernobyl	n.	a city in north central Ukraine; site of a major disaster at a nuclear power plant (26 April 1986)
cherokee	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Cherokee
cherokee	n.	a member of an Iroquoian people formerly living in the Appalachian Mountains but now chiefly in Oklahoma
cheroot	n.	a cigar with both ends cut flat
cherry	n.	wood of any of various cherry trees especially the black cherry
cherry	n.	any of numerous trees and shrubs producing a small fleshy round fruit with a single hard stone; many also produce a valuable hardwood
cherry	n.	a red fruit with a single hard stone
cherry	n.	a red the color of ripe cherries
cherry	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
chert	n.	variety of silica containing microcrystalline quartz
cherub	n.	a sweet innocent baby
cherub	n.	an angel of the second order whose gift is knowledge; usually portrayed as a winged child
cherubic	adj.	having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub
cherubim	n.	a sweet innocent baby
cherubim	n.	an angel of the second order whose gift is knowledge; usually portrayed as a winged child
chervil	n.	aromatic annual Old World herb cultivated for its finely divided and often curly leaves for use especially in soups and salads
chervil	n.	fresh ferny parsley-like leaves used as a garnish with chicken and veal and omelets and green salads and spinach
chess	n.	weedy annual native to Europe but widely distributed as a weed especially in wheat
chess	n.	a board game for two players who move their 16 pieces according to specific rules; the object is to checkmate the opponent's king
chessboard	n.	a checkerboard used to play chess
chessman	n.	any of 16 white and 16 black pieces used in playing the game of chess
chessmen	n.	any of 16 white and 16 black pieces used in playing the game of chess
chest	n.	the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates
chest	n.	box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy
chest	n.	the front of the trunk from the neck to the abdomen
chest	n.	furniture with drawers for keeping clothes
chester	n.	a city of southeastern Pennsylvania on the Delaware river (an industrial suburb of Philadelphia)
chesterfield	n.	suave and witty English statesman remembered mostly for letters to his son (1694-1773)
chesterfield	n.	an overstuffed davenport with upright armrests
chesterfield	n.	a fitted overcoat with a velvet collar
chesterton	n.	conservative English writer of the Roman Catholic persuasion; in addition to volumes of criticism and polemics he wrote detective novels featuring Father Brown (1874-1936)
chestnut	n.	wood of any of various chestnut trees of the genus Castanea
chestnut	n.	any of several attractive deciduous trees yellow-brown in autumn; yield a hard wood and edible nuts in a prickly bur
chestnut	n.	edible nut of any of various chestnut trees of the genus Castanea
chestnut	n.	the brown color of chestnuts
chestnut	n.	a small horny callus on the inner surface of a horse's leg
chestnut	n.	a dark golden-brown or reddish-brown horse
chestnut	adj.	(of hair or feathers) of a golden brown to reddish brown color
chesty	adj.	marked by a large or well-developed chest
chesty	adj.	having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride
chevalier	n.	French actor and cabaret singer (1888-1972)
chevalier	n.	a gallant or courtly gentleman
cheviot	n.	hardy hornless sheep of the Cheviot Hills noted for its short thick wool
chevron	n.	V-shaped sleeve badge indicating military rank and service
chevron	n.	an inverted V-shaped charge
chevy	v.	annoy continually or chronically
chew	n.	a wad of something chewable as tobacco
chew	n.	biting and grinding food in your mouth so it becomes soft enough to swallow
chew	v.	chew (food); to bite and grind with the teeth
chewer	n.	someone who chews (especially someone who chews tobacco)
chewy	adj.	requiring much chewing
chewy	adj.	(of a consistency) requiring chewing
cheyenne	n.	the capital and largest city of Wyoming; located in the southeastern corner of the state
cheyenne	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Cheyenne
cheyenne	n.	a member of a North American Indian people living on the western plains (now living in Oklahoma and Montana)
chi	n.	the circulating life energy that in Chinese philosophy is thought to be inherent in all things; in traditional Chinese medicine the balance of negative and positive forms in the body is believed to be essential for good health
chi	n.	the 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet
chianti	n.	dry red Italian table wine from the Chianti region of Tuscany
chiaroscuro	n.	a monochrome picture made by using several different shades of the same color
chic	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
chic	adj.	elegant and stylish
chicago	n.	largest city in Illinois; a bustling Great Lakes port that extends 26 miles along the southwestern shoreline of Lake Michigan
chicago	n.	a gambling card game in which chips are placed on the ace and king and queen and jack of separate suits (taken from a separate deck); a player plays the lowest card of a suit in his hand and successively higher cards are played until the sequence stops; the player who plays a card matching one in the layout wins all the chips on that card
chicane	n.	a bridge hand that is void of trumps
chicane	n.	a movable barrier used in motor racing; sometimes placed before a dangerous corner to reduce speed as cars pass in single file
chicane	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
chicane	v.	defeat someone through trickery or deceit
chicane	v.	raise trivial objections
chicanery	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
chicano	n.	a person of Mexican descent
chichi	n.	someone who dresses in a trendy fashionable way
chichi	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
chichi	adj.	affectedly trendy and fashionable
chick	n.	young bird especially of domestic fowl
chick	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
chickadee	n.	any of various small grey-and-black songbirds of North America
chickasaw	n.	a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in northern Mississippi
chickasaw	n.	the Muskhogean language of the Chickasaw
chicken	n.	the flesh of a chicken used for food
chicken	n.	a domestic fowl bred for flesh or eggs; believed to have been developed from the red jungle fowl
chicken	n.	a person who lacks confidence, is irresolute and wishy-washy
chicken	n.	a foolhardy competition; a dangerous activity that is continued until one competitor becomes afraid and stops
chicken	adj.	easily frightened
chickenfeed	n.	a trifling sum of money
chickenhearted	adj.	easily frightened
chickenpox	n.	an acute contagious disease caused by herpes varicella zoster virus; causes a rash of vesicles on the face and body
chickenshit	n.	a false statement that is considered to indicate timidity or fear
chickpea	n.	the seed of the chickpea plant
chickpea	n.	Asiatic herb cultivated for its short pods with one or two edible seeds
chickpea	n.	large white roundish Asiatic legume; usually dried
chickweed	n.	any of various plants of the genus Stellaria
chickweed	n.	any of various plants related to the common chickweed
chicle	n.	gum-like substance from the sapodilla
chicness	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
chico	n.	United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together (1891-1961)
chicory	n.	the dried root of the chicory plant: used as a coffee substitute
chicory	n.	perennial Old World herb having rayed flower heads with blue florets cultivated for its root and its heads of crisp edible leaves used in salads
chicory	n.	root of the chicory plant roasted and ground to substitute for or adulterate coffee
chicory	n.	crisp spiky leaves with somewhat bitter taste
chide	v.	censure severely or angrily
chiding	n.	rebuking a person harshly
chiding	v.	censure severely or angrily
chief	n.	a person who is in charge
chief	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
chief	n.	the head of a tribe or clan
chief	adj.	most important element
chieftain	n.	the leader of a group of people
chieftain	n.	the head of a tribe or clan
chieftainship	n.	the position of chieftain
chiffon	n.	a sheer fabric of silk or rayon
chiffonier	n.	a tall elegant chest of drawers
chigger	n.	small tropical flea; the fertile female burrows under the skin of the host including humans
chigger	n.	larval mite that sucks the blood of vertebrates including human beings causing intense irritation
chignon	n.	a roll of hair worn at the nape of the neck
chihuahua	n.	a city in northern Mexico in the state of Chihuahua; commercial center of northern Mexico
chihuahua	n.	a state in northern Mexico; mostly high plateau
chihuahua	n.	an old breed of tiny short-haired dog with protruding eyes from Mexico held to antedate Aztec civilization
chilblain	n.	inflammation of the hands and feet caused by exposure to cold and moisture
child	n.	a young person of either sex
child	n.	a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age
child	n.	an immature childish person
child	n.	a member of a clan or tribe
childbearing	n.	the parturition process in human beings; having a baby; the process of giving birth to a child
childbearing	adj.	relating to or suitable for childbirth
childbirth	n.	the parturition process in human beings; having a baby; the process of giving birth to a child
childbirths	n.	the parturition process in human beings; having a baby; the process of giving birth to a child
childcare	n.	a service involving care for other people's children
childhood	n.	the time of person's life when they are a child
childhood	n.	the state of a child between infancy and adolescence
childish	adj.	indicating a lack of maturity
childishness	n.	a property characteristic of a child
childless	adj.	without offspring
childlessness	n.	the condition of being without offspring
childlike	adj.	befitting a young child
childlike	adj.	exhibiting childlike simplicity and credulity
childproof	v.	make safe against children
children	n.	a young person of either sex
children	n.	a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age
children	n.	an immature childish person
children	n.	a member of a clan or tribe
chile	n.	a republic in southern South America on the western slopes of the Andes on the south Pacific coast
chile	n.	very hot and finely tapering pepper of special pungency
chilean	n.	a native or inhabitant of Chile
chilean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Chile or its people
chili	n.	ground beef and chili peppers or chili powder often with tomatoes and kidney beans
chili	n.	very hot and finely tapering pepper of special pungency
chill	n.	coldness due to a cold environment
chill	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
chill	n.	a sensation of cold that often marks the start of an infection and the development of a fever
chill	n.	a sudden numbing dread
chill	v.	depress or discourage
chill	v.	make cool or cooler
chill	v.	loose heat
chiller	n.	excitation that makes your hair stand up or that chills your bones
chilliness	n.	the property of being moderately cold
chilliness	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
chilling	n.	the process of becoming cooler; a falling temperature
chilling	v.	depress or discourage
chilling	v.	make cool or cooler
chilling	v.	loose heat
chilling	adj.	provoking fear terror
chilly	n.	very hot and finely tapering pepper of special pungency
chilly	adj.	not characterized by emotion; -C.W.Cunningham
chilly	adj.	appreciably or disagreeably cold
chilly	adj.	lacking warmth of feeling
chimborazo	n.	a mountain peak in the Andes in Ecuador (20,560 feet high)
chime	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells that are struck with a hammer; used as an orchestral instrument
chime	v.	emit a sound
chimera	n.	(Greek mythology) fire-breathing female monster with a lion's head and a goat's body and a serpent's tail; daughter of Typhon
chimera	n.	a grotesque product of the imagination
chimeric	adj.	being or relating to or like a chimera; - Douglas Bush
chimerical	adj.	being or relating to or like a chimera; - Douglas Bush
chimerical	adj.	produced by a wildly fanciful imagination; - Douglas Bush
chimney	n.	a vertical flue that provides a path through which smoke from a fire is carried away through the wall or roof of a building
chimney	n.	a glass flue surrounding the wick of an oil lamp
chimp	n.	intelligent somewhat arboreal ape of equatorial African forests
chimpanzee	n.	intelligent somewhat arboreal ape of equatorial African forests
chin	n.	the protruding part of the lower jaw
chin	n.	Kamarupan languages spoken in western Burma and Bangladesh and easternmost India
chin	v.	raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar
china	n.	a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
china	n.	high quality porcelain originally made only in China
china	n.	a government on the island of Taiwan established in 1949 by Chiang Kai-shek after the conquest of mainland China by the Communists led by Mao Zedong
china	n.	dishware made of high quality porcelain
chinaware	n.	dishware made of high quality porcelain
chinchilla	n.	the expensive silvery grey fur of the chinchilla
chinchilla	n.	a thick twilled fabric of wool and cotton
chinchilla	n.	small rodent with soft pearly grey fur; native to the Andes but bred in captivity for fur
chine	n.	cut of meat or fish including at least part of the backbone
chine	n.	backbone of an animal
chine	v.	cut through the backbone of an animal
chinese	n.	any of the Sino-Tibetan languages spoken in China; regarded as dialects of a single language (even though they are mutually unintelligible) because they share an ideographic writing system
chinese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Communist China or of Nationalist China
chinese	adj.	of or pertaining to China or its peoples or cultures
chinese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the island republic on Taiwan or its residents or their language
chink	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Chinese descent
chink	n.	a narrow opening as e.g. between planks in a wall
chink	n.	a short light metallic sound
chink	v.	make or emit a high sound
chink	v.	fill the chinks of, as with caulking
chink	v.	make cracks or chinks in
chinless	adj.	having a receding chin
chinned	v.	raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar
chinning	v.	raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar
chino	n.	trousers made with chino cloth
chino	n.	a coarse twilled cotton fabric frequently used for uniforms
chinook	n.	a warm dry wind blowing down the eastern slopes of the Rockies
chinook	n.	a member of an important North American Indian people who controlled the mouth of the Columbia river; they were organized into settlements rather than tribes
chinook	n.	pink or white flesh of large Pacific salmon
chinook	n.	a Penutian language spoken by the Chinook
chinook	n.	large Pacific salmon valued as food; adults die after spawning
chintz	n.	a brightly printed and glazed cotton fabric
chintzy	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
chintzy	adj.	embarrassingly stingy
chip	n.	a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
chip	n.	a triangular wooden float attached to the end of a log line
chip	n.	a piece of dried bovine dung
chip	n.	a thin crisp slice of potato fried in deep fat
chip	n.	a mark left after a small piece has been chopped or broken off of something
chip	n.	a small disk-shaped counter used to represent money when gambling
chip	n.	electronic equipment consisting of a small crystal of a silicon semiconductor fabricated to carry out a number of electronic functions in an integrated circuit
chip	n.	(golf) a low running approach shot
chip	n.	the act of chipping something
chip	v.	break off (a piece from a whole)
chip	v.	cut a nick into
chip	v.	play a chip shot
chip	v.	form by chipping
chip	v.	break a small piece off from
chipboard	n.	a cheap hard material made from wood chips that are pressed together and bound with synthetic resin
chipewyan	n.	a member of the Athapaskan people living in western Canada between Great Slave Lake and Hudson Bay
chipewyan	n.	the language spoken by the Chipewyan
chipmunk	n.	a burrowing ground squirrel of western America and Asia; has cheek pouches and a light and dark stripe running down the body
chipolata	n.	a small thin sausage
chipped	v.	break off (a piece from a whole)
chipped	v.	cut a nick into
chipped	v.	play a chip shot
chipped	v.	form by chipping
chipped	v.	break a small piece off from
chippendale	n.	a British cabinetmaker remembered for his graceful designs (especially of chairs) which influenced his contemporaries (1718-1779)
chippendale	adj.	of or relating to an 18th-century style of furniture made by Thomas Chippendale; graceful outlines and Greek motifs and massive rococo carvings
chipper	adj.	having a cheerful, lively, and self-confident air; - Frances G. Patton; - H.M.Reynolds
chippewa	n.	a member of an Algonquian people who lived west of Lake Superior
chippewa	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Ojibwa
chipping	n.	the act of chipping something
chipping	v.	break off (a piece from a whole)
chipping	v.	cut a nick into
chipping	v.	play a chip shot
chipping	v.	form by chipping
chipping	v.	break a small piece off from
chirico	n.	Italian painter (born in Greece) whose deep shadows and barren landscapes strongly influenced the surrealists (1888-1978)
chirography	n.	beautiful handwriting
chiropodist	n.	a specialist in care for the feet
chiropody	n.	the branch of medicine concerned with the feet
chiropractic	n.	a method of treatment that manipulates body structures (especially the spine) to relieve low back pain or even headache or high blood pressure
chiropractor	n.	a therapist who practices chiropractic
chirp	n.	a sharp sound made by small birds or insects
chirp	v.	make high-pitched sounds
chirp	v.	sing in modulation
chirpily	adv.	in a cheerfully buoyant manner
chirpy	adj.	(birds or insects) characterized by or tending to chirp
chirpy	adj.	characterized by liveliness and lightheartedness
chirrup	n.	a series of chirps
chirrup	v.	make high-pitched sounds
chisel	n.	an edge tool with a flat steel blade with a cutting edge
chisel	v.	engage in deceitful behavior; practice trickery or fraud
chisel	v.	deprive somebody of something by deceit
chisel	v.	carve with a chisel
chiseler	n.	a person who swindles you by means of deception or fraud
chisinau	n.	the capital of Moldova
chit	n.	a dismissive term for a girl who is immature or who lacks respect
chit	n.	the bill in a restaurant
chitchat	n.	light informal conversation for social occasions
chitchat	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chitchatted	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chitchatting	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
chitin	n.	a tough semitransparent horny substance; the principal component of the exoskeletons of arthropods and the cell walls of certain fungi
chitinous	adj.	of or resembling chitin
chittagong	n.	a port city and industrial center in southeastern Bangladesh on the Bay of Bengal
chitterlings	n.	small intestines of hogs prepared as food
chivalrous	adj.	being attentive to women like an ideal knight
chivalry	n.	courtesy towards women
chivalry	n.	the medieval principles governing knighthood and knightly conduct
chive	n.	perennial having hollow cylindrical leaves used for seasoning
chivy	v.	annoy continually or chronically
chlamydia	n.	a sexually transmitted infection caused by bacteria of the genus Chlamydia
chlamydia	n.	coccoid rickettsia infesting birds and mammals; cause infections of eyes and lungs and genitourinary tract
chloride	n.	any compound containing a chlorine atom
chloride	n.	any salt of hydrochloric acid (containing the chloride ion)
chlorinate	v.	treat or combine with chlorine
chlorinate	v.	disinfect with chlorine
chlorination	n.	the addition or substitution of chlorine in organic compounds
chlorination	n.	disinfection of water by the addition of small amounts of chlorine or a chlorine compound
chlorine	n.	a common nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; best known as a heavy yellow irritating toxic gas; used to purify water and as a bleaching agent and disinfectant; occurs naturally only as a salt (as in sea water)
chlorofluorocarbon	n.	a fluorocarbon with chlorine; formerly used as a refrigerant and as a propellant in aerosol cans
chloroform	n.	a volatile liquid haloform (CHCl3); formerly used as an anesthetic
chloroform	v.	anesthetize with chloroform
chlorophyll	n.	any of a group of green pigments found in photosynthetic organisms; there are four naturally occurring forms
chloroplast	n.	plastid containing chlorophyll and other pigments; in plants that carry out photosynthesis
choc	n.	colloquial British abbreviation
chock	n.	a block of wood used to prevent the sliding or rolling of a heavy object
chock	v.	secure with chocks
chock	v.	support on chocks
chock	adv.	as completely as possible
chockablock	adj.	packed full to capacity
chocolate	n.	a beverage made from cocoa powder and milk and sugar; usually drunk hot
chocolate	n.	a food made from roasted ground cacao beans
chocolate	n.	a medium brown to dark-brown color
choctaw	n.	a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in Alabama
choctaw	n.	the Muskhogean language of the Choctaw
choice	n.	the person or thing chosen or selected
choice	n.	the act of choosing or selecting
choice	n.	one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen
choice	adj.	of superior grade
choice	adj.	appealing to refined taste
choir	n.	a chorus that sings as part of a religious ceremony
choir	n.	a family of similar musical instrument playing together
choir	n.	the area occupied by singers; the part of the chancel between sanctuary and nave
choir	v.	sing in a choir
choirboy	n.	a boy who sings in a choir
choirmaster	n.	the musical director of a choir
choke	n.	a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to pass direct current and attenuate alternating current
choke	n.	a valve that controls the flow of air into the carburetor of a gasoline engine
choke	v.	breathe with great difficulty, as when experiencing a strong emotion
choke	v.	be too tight; rub or press
choke	v.	wring the neck of
choke	v.	constrict (someone's) throat and keep from breathing
choke	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
choke	v.	fail to perform adequately due to tension or agitation
choke	v.	check or slow down the action or effect of
choke	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
choke	v.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of
choke	v.	become stultified, suppressed, or stifled
choke	v.	suppress the development, creativity, or imagination of
choke	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
choke	v.	reduce the air supply
choke	v.	cause to retch or choke
chokecherry	n.	the fruit of the chokecherry tree
chokecherry	n.	a common wild cherry of eastern North America having small bitter black berries favored by birds
choker	n.	someone who kills by strangling
choker	n.	an unfortunate person who is unable to perform effectively because of nervous tension or agitation
choker	n.	necklace that fits tightly around a woman's neck
choker	n.	a high tight collar
cholecystectomy	n.	surgical removal of the gall bladder (usually for relief of gallstone pain)
cholecystitis	n.	inflammation of the gall bladder
choler	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
choler	n.	a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance
choler	n.	a humor that was once believed to be secreted by the liver and to cause irritability and anger
cholera	n.	an acute intestinal infection caused by ingestion of contaminated water or food
choleric	adj.	easily moved to anger; - H.G.Wells
choleric	adj.	quickly aroused to anger
choleric	adj.	characterized by anger
cholesterol	n.	an animal sterol that is normally synthesized by the liver; the most abundant steroid in animal tissues
chomp	n.	the act of gripping or chewing off with the teeth and jaws
chomp	v.	chew noisily
chomsky	n.	United States linguist whose theory of generative grammar redefined the field of linguistics (born 1928)
chongqing	n.	a city in south-central China on the Chang Jiang; a commercial center for western China
choose	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
choose	v.	select as an alternative over another
choose	v.	see fit or proper to act in a certain way; decide to act in a certain way
chooser	n.	a person who chooses or selects out
choosy	adj.	difficult to please
chop	n.	the irregular motion of waves (usually caused by wind blowing in a direction opposite to the tide)
chop	n.	a small cut of meat including part of a rib
chop	n.	a jaw
chop	n.	a tennis return made with a downward motion that puts backspin on the ball
chop	n.	a grounder that bounces high in the air
chop	v.	cut into pieces
chop	v.	move suddenly
chop	v.	form or shape by chopping
chop	v.	strike sharply, as in some sports
chop	v.	cut with a hacking tool
chop	v.	hit sharply
chophouse	n.	a restaurant that specializes in steaks
chopin	n.	the music of Chopin
chopin	n.	United States writer who described Creole life in Louisiana (1851-1904)
chopin	n.	French composer (born in Poland) and pianist of the romantic school (1810-1849)
chopped	v.	cut into pieces
chopped	v.	move suddenly
chopped	v.	form or shape by chopping
chopped	v.	strike sharply, as in some sports
chopped	v.	cut with a hacking tool
chopped	v.	hit sharply
chopped	adj.	prepared by cutting
chopper	n.	a grounder that bounces high in the air
chopper	n.	informal terms for a human `tooth'
chopper	n.	an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades
chopper	n.	a butcher's knife having a large square blade
choppiness	n.	used of the sea during inclement or stormy weather
chopping	v.	cut into pieces
chopping	v.	move suddenly
chopping	v.	form or shape by chopping
chopping	v.	strike sharply, as in some sports
chopping	v.	cut with a hacking tool
chopping	v.	hit sharply
choppy	adj.	marked by abrupt transitions
choppy	adj.	rough with small waves
chopstick	n.	one of a pair of slender sticks used as oriental tableware to eat food with
choral	n.	a stately Protestant (especially Lutheran) hymn tune
choral	adj.	related to or written for or performed by a chorus or choir
chorale	n.	a stately Protestant (especially Lutheran) hymn tune
chord	n.	a straight line connecting two points on a curve
chord	n.	a combination of three or more notes that blend harmoniously when sounded together
chord	v.	play chords on (a string instrument)
chord	v.	bring into consonance, harmony, or accord while making music or singing
chordal	adj.	relating to or consisting of or emphasizing chords
chordate	n.	any animal of the phylum Chordata having a notochord or spinal column
chordate	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Chordata
chore	n.	a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee
chorea	n.	chorea in dogs
chorea	n.	any of several degenerative nervous disorders characterized by spasmodic movements of the body and limbs
choreograph	v.	compose a sequence of dance steps, often to music
choreograph	v.	plan and oversee the development and details of
choreographer	n.	someone who creates new dances
choreographic	adj.	of or concerned with choreography
choreographs	v.	compose a sequence of dance steps, often to music
choreographs	v.	plan and oversee the development and details of
choreography	n.	a show involving artistic dancing
choreography	n.	the representation of dancing by symbols as music is represented by notes
choreography	n.	a notation used by choreographers
chorister	n.	a singer in a choir
choroid	n.	a highly vascular membrane in the eye between the retina and the sclera; a dark pigmentation minimizes the scattering of light inside the eye
chortle	n.	a soft partly suppressed laugh
chortle	v.	laugh quietly or with restraint
chorus	n.	any utterance produced simultaneously by a group
chorus	n.	a group of people assembled to sing together
chorus	n.	the part of a song where a soloist is joined by a group of singers
chorus	n.	a body of dancers or singers who perform together
chorus	n.	a company of actors who comment (by speaking or singing in unison) on the action in a classical Greek play
chorus	v.	utter in unison
chorus	v.	sing in a choir
chose	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
chose	v.	select as an alternative over another
chose	v.	see fit or proper to act in a certain way; decide to act in a certain way
chosen	n.	one who is the object of choice; who is given preference
chosen	n.	the name for Korea as a Japanese province (1910-1945)
chosen	n.	an exclusive group of people
chosen	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
chosen	v.	select as an alternative over another
chosen	v.	see fit or proper to act in a certain way; decide to act in a certain way
chou	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 1122 to 221 BC; notable for the rise of Confucianism and Taoism
chou	n.	any of various types of cabbage
chou	n.	puff filled with cream or custard
chow	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 1122 to 221 BC; notable for the rise of Confucianism and Taoism
chow	n.	informal terms for a meal
chow	n.	breed of medium-sized dogs with a thick coat and fluffy curled tails and distinctive blue-black tongues; believed to have originated in northern China
chowder	n.	a thick soup or stew made with milk and bacon and onions and potatoes
chrism	n.	a consecrated ointment consisting of a mixture of oil and balsam
christ	n.	a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)
christ	n.	any expected deliverer
christchurch	n.	industrial city at the center of a rich agricultural region
christen	v.	administer baptism to
christendom	n.	the collective body of Christians throughout the world and history (found predominantly in Europe and the Americas and Australia)
christening	n.	giving a Christian name at baptism
christening	v.	administer baptism to
christian	n.	a religious person who believes Jesus is the Christ and who is a member of a Christian denomination
christian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Christianity
christian	adj.	following the teachings or manifesting the qualities or spirit of Jesus Christ
christianity	n.	a monotheistic system of beliefs and practices based on the Old Testament and the teachings of Jesus as embodied in the New Testament and emphasizing the role of Jesus as savior
christianity	n.	the collective body of Christians throughout the world and history (found predominantly in Europe and the Americas and Australia)
christianize	v.	adapt in the name of Christianity
christianize	v.	convert to Christianity
christie	n.	prolific English writer of detective stories (1890-1976)
christlike	adj.	resembling or showing the spirit of Christ
christmas	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
christmas	n.	a Christian holiday celebrating the birth of Christ; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland
christmastide	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
christmastime	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
christology	n.	a religious doctrine or theory based on Jesus or Jesus' teachings
christology	n.	the branch of theology concerned with the person and attributes and deeds of Christ
christopher	n.	Christian martyr and patron saint of travellers (3rd century)
chromatic	adj.	able to refract light without spectral color separation
chromatic	adj.	based on a scale consisting of 12 semitones
chromatic	adj.	being or having or characterized by hue
chromatically	adv.	with respect to color
chromatin	n.	the readily stainable substance of a cell nucleus consisting of DNA and RNA and various proteins; during mitotic division it condenses into chromosomes
chromatography	n.	a process used for separating mixtures by virtue of differences in absorbency
chrome	n.	another word for chromium when it is used in dyes or pigments
chrome	v.	plate with chromium
chrome	v.	treat with a chromium compound
chromium	n.	a hard brittle multivalent metallic element; resistant to corrosion and tarnishing
chromosomal	adj.	of or relating to a chromosome
chromosome	n.	a threadlike strand of DNA in the cell nucleus that carries the genes in a linear order
chronic	adj.	being long-lasting and recurrent or characterized by long suffering
chronic	adj.	of long duration
chronic	adj.	habitual
chronically	adv.	in a habitual and longstanding manner
chronically	adv.	in a slowly developing and long lasting manner
chronicle	n.	a record or narrative description of past events
chronicle	v.	record in chronological order; make a historical record
chronicler	n.	someone who writes chronicles
chronicles	n.	a record or narrative description of past events
chronicles	v.	record in chronological order; make a historical record
chronograph	n.	an accurate timer for recording time
chronographs	n.	an accurate timer for recording time
chronological	adj.	relating to or arranged according to temporal order
chronology	n.	an arrangement of events in time
chronology	n.	a record of events in the order of their occurrence
chronology	n.	the determination of the actual temporal sequence of past events
chronometer	n.	an accurate clock (especially used in navigation)
chrysalis	n.	pupa of a moth or butterfly enclosed in a cocoon
chrysanthemum	n.	the flower of a chrysanthemum plant
chrysanthemum	n.	any of numerous perennial Old World herbs having showy brightly colored flower heads of the genera Chrysanthemum, Argyranthemum, Dendranthema, Tanacetum; widely cultivated
chub	n.	European freshwater game fish with a thick spindle-shaped body
chubbiness	n.	the property of having a plump and round body
chubby	adj.	sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure
chuck	n.	informal terms for a meal
chuck	n.	the part of a forequarter from the neck to the ribs and including the shoulder blade
chuck	n.	a holding device consisting of adjustable jaws that center a workpiece in a lathe or center a tool in a drill
chuck	v.	throw carelessly
chuck	v.	throw away
chuck	v.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin
chuck	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
chuckhole	n.	a pit or hole produced by wear or weathering (especially in a road surface)
chuckle	n.	a soft partly suppressed laugh
chuckle	v.	laugh quietly or with restraint
chuffed	v.	blow hard and loudly
chuffed	adj.	very pleased
chug	n.	the dull explosive noise made by an engine
chug	v.	make a dull, explosive sound
chugged	v.	make a dull, explosive sound
chugging	v.	make a dull, explosive sound
chukchi	n.	a member of an indigenous people living on the Chukchi Peninsula
chukchi	n.	an indigenous and isolated language of unknown origin spoken by the Chukchi that is pronounced differently by men and women
chukka	n.	(polo) one of six divisions into which a polo match is divided
chukka	n.	a shoe that comes up to the ankle and is laced through two or three pairs of eyelets; often made of suede
chum	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
chum	n.	bait consisting of chopped fish and fish oils that are dumped overboard to attract fish
chum	n.	a large Pacific salmon with small spots on its back; an important food fish
chumminess	n.	the quality of affording easy familiarity and sociability
chummy	adj.	(used colloquially) having the relationship of friends or pals
chummy	adj.	(used informally) associated on close terms
chump	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
chunk	n.	a compact mass
chunk	n.	a substantial amount
chunk	v.	put together indiscriminately
chunk	v.	group or chunk together in a certain order or place side by side
chunky	adj.	like or containing small sticky lumps
chunky	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
church	n.	one of the groups of Christians who have their own beliefs and forms of worship
church	n.	a place for public (especially Christian) worship
church	n.	a service conducted in a house of worship
church	n.	the body of people who attend or belong to a particular local church
church	v.	perform a special church rite or service for
churchgoer	n.	a religious person who goes to church regularly
churchgoing	adj.	actively practicing a religion
churchill	n.	English general considered one of the greatest generals in history (1650-1722)
churchill	n.	British statesman and leader during World War II; received Nobel prize for literature in 1953 (1874-1965)
churchill	n.	a Canadian town in northern Manitoba on Hudson Bay; important port for shipping grain
churchman	n.	a clergyman or other person in religious orders
churchmen	n.	a clergyman or other person in religious orders
churchwarden	n.	an officer in the Episcopal church who helps a parish priest with secular matters
churchyard	n.	the yard associated with a church
churl	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
churl	n.	a selfish person who is unwilling to give or spend
churl	n.	a bad-tempered person
churlish	adj.	rude and boorish
churlish	adj.	having a bad disposition; surly; - Shakespeare
churn	n.	a vessel in which cream is agitated to separate butterfat from buttermilk
churn	v.	stir (cream) vigorously in order to make butter
churn	v.	be agitated
chute	n.	rescue equipment consisting of a device that fills with air and retards your fall
chute	n.	sloping channel through which things can descend
chute	v.	jump from an airplane and descend with a parachute
chutney	n.	a spicy condiment made of chopped fruits or vegetables cooked in vinegar and sugar with ginger and spices
chutzpah	n.	(Yiddish) unbelievable gall; insolence; audacity
chuvash	n.	a member of a people of Turkic speech living in the Volga region in eastern Russia
chuvash	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Chuvash
chyme	n.	a semiliquid mass of partially digested food that passes from the stomach through the pyloric sphincter into the duodenum
ci	n.	a unit of radioactivity equal to the amount of a radioactive isotope that decays at the rate of 37,000,000,000 disintegrations per second
ci	adj.	being one more than one hundred
cia	n.	an independent agency of the United States government responsible for collecting and coordinating intelligence and counterintelligence activities abroad in the national interest; headed by the Director of Central Intelligence under the supervision of the President and National Security Council
ciao	n.	an acknowledgment that can be used to say hello or goodbye (aloha is Hawaiian and ciao is Italian)
cicada	n.	stout-bodied insect with large membranous wings; male has drum-like organs for producing a high-pitched drone
cicatrices	n.	a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue
cicatrix	n.	a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue
cicero	n.	a linear unit of the size of type slightly larger than an em
cicero	n.	a Roman statesman and orator remembered for his mastery of Latin prose (106-43 BC)
cicerone	n.	a guide who conducts and informs sightseers
ciceroni	n.	a guide who conducts and informs sightseers
cid	n.	the United States Army's principal law enforcement agency responsible for the conduct of criminal investigations for all levels of the Army anywhere in the world
cider	n.	a beverage made from juice pressed from apples
cigar	n.	a roll of tobacco for smoking
cigarette	n.	finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking
cigarillo	n.	small cigar or cigarette wrapped in tobacco instead of paper
cilantro	n.	Old World herb with aromatic leaves and seed resembling parsley
cilantro	n.	parsley-like herb used as seasoning or garnish
cilia	n.	a hairlike projection from the surface of a cell; provides locomotion in free-swimming unicellular organisms
cilia	n.	any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids
cilium	n.	a hairlike projection from the surface of a cell; provides locomotion in free-swimming unicellular organisms
cilium	n.	any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids
cimabue	n.	painter of the Florentine school; anticipated the move from Byzantine to naturalistic art (1240-1302)
cinch	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
cinch	n.	stable gear consisting of a band around a horse's belly that holds the saddle in place
cinch	n.	a form of all fours in which the players bid for the privilege of naming trumps
cinch	v.	tie a cinch around
cinch	v.	make sure of
cinch	v.	get a grip on; get mastery of
cinchona	n.	medicinal bark of cinchona trees; source of quinine and quinidine
cinchona	n.	any of several trees of the genus Cinchona
cincinnati	n.	a city in southern Ohio on the Ohio river
cincture	n.	a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers
cinder	n.	a fragment of incombustible matter left after a wood or coal or charcoal fire
cinderella	n.	a woman whose merits were not been recognized but who then achieves sudden success and recognition
cinderella	n.	a fictional young girl who is saved from her stepmother and stepsisters by her fairy godmother and a handsome prince
cinema	n.	a medium that disseminates moving pictures
cinema	n.	a theater where films are shown
cinematic	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the cinema
cinematographer	n.	a photographer who operates a movie camera
cinematography	n.	the act of making a film
cinnabar	n.	a heavy reddish mineral consisting of mercuric sulfide; the chief source of mercury
cinnabar	n.	large red-and-black European moth; larvae feed on leaves of ragwort; introduced into United States to control ragwort
cinnabar	adj.	of a vivid red to reddish-orange color
cinnamon	n.	aromatic bark used as a spice
cinnamon	n.	tropical Asian tree with aromatic yellowish-brown bark; source of the spice cinnamon
cinnamon	n.	spice from the dried aromatic bark of the Ceylon cinnamon tree; used as rolled strips or ground
cipher	n.	a message written in a secret code
cipher	n.	a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same number
cipher	n.	a quantity of no importance
cipher	n.	a person of no influence
cipher	n.	a secret method of writing
cipher	v.	convert ordinary language into code
cipher	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
cipro	n.	an oral antibiotic (trade name Cipro) used against serious bacterial infections of the skin or respiratory tract or urinary tract or bones or joints
circadian	adj.	of or relating to biological processes occurring at 24-hour intervals
circe	n.	(Greek mythology) a sorceress who detained Odysseus on her island and turned his men into swine
circle	n.	ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by one point moving at a constant distance from a fixed point
circle	n.	an unofficial association of people or groups
circle	n.	something approximating the shape of a circle
circle	n.	movement once around a course
circle	n.	a road junction at which traffic streams circularly around a central island
circle	n.	street names for flunitrazepan
circle	n.	a curved section or tier of seats in a hall or theater or opera house; usually the first tier above the orchestra
circle	n.	any circular or rotating mechanism
circle	v.	travel around something
circle	v.	move in circles
circle	v.	form a circle around
circlet	n.	a small circle
circlet	n.	decorated metal band worn around the head
circuit	n.	an electrical device that provides a path for electrical current to flow
circuit	n.	a journey or route all the way around a particular place or area
circuit	n.	an established itinerary of venues or events that a particular group of people travel to
circuit	n.	the boundary line encompassing an area or object
circuit	n.	(law) a judicial division of a state or the United States (so-called because originally judges traveled and held court in different locations); one of the twelve groups of states in the United States that is covered by a particular circuit court of appeals
circuit	n.	a racetrack for automobile races
circuit	n.	movement once around a course
circuit	v.	make a circuit
circuitous	adj.	marked by obliqueness or indirection in speech or conduct
circuitous	adj.	deviating from a straight course
circuitry	n.	electronic equipment consisting of a system of circuits
circular	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
circular	adj.	having a circular shape
circular	adj.	describing a circle; moving in a circle
circularity	n.	the roundness of a 2-dimensional figure
circularize	v.	canvass by distributing letters
circularize	v.	canvass by using a questionnaire
circularize	v.	distribute circulars to
circularize	v.	cause to become widely known
circularize	v.	make circular
circulate	v.	become widely known and passed on
circulate	v.	cause to become widely known
circulate	v.	cause be distributed
circulate	v.	move through a space, circuit or system, returning to the starting point
circulate	v.	move in circles
circulate	v.	cause to move in a circuit or system
circulate	v.	move around freely
circulate	v.	cause to move around
circulation	n.	the dissemination of copies of periodicals (as newspapers or magazines)
circulation	n.	movement through a circuit; especially the movement of blood through the heart and blood vessels
circulation	n.	(library science) the count of books that are loaned by a library over a specified period
circulation	n.	number of copies of a newspaper or magazine that are sold
circulation	n.	free movement or passage (as of cytoplasm within a cell or sap through a plant)
circulation	n.	the spread or transmission of something (as news or money) to a wider group or area
circulatory	adj.	of or relating to circulation
circulatory	adj.	relating to circulatory system or to circulation of the blood
circumcise	v.	cut the skin over the clitoris
circumcise	v.	cut the foreskin off male babies or teenage boys
circumcised	v.	cut the skin over the clitoris
circumcised	v.	cut the foreskin off male babies or teenage boys
circumcision	n.	(Roman Catholic Church and Anglican Church) feast day celebrating the circumcision of Jesus; celebrated on January 1st
circumcision	n.	the act of circumcising performed on males eight days after birth as a Jewish and Muslim religious rite
circumcision	n.	the act of circumcising; surgical removal of the foreskin of males
circumference	n.	the size of something as given by the distance around it
circumference	n.	the boundary line encompassing an area or object
circumference	n.	the length of the closed curve of a circle
circumferential	adj.	lying around or just outside the edges or outskirts
circumflex	n.	a diacritical mark (^) placed above a vowel in some languages to indicate a special phonetic quality
circumlocution	n.	a style that involves indirect ways of expressing things
circumlocution	n.	an indirect way of expressing something
circumlocutory	adj.	roundabout and unnecessarily wordy; ; -T.S.Eliot; (`ambagious' is archaic)
circumnavigate	v.	travel around, either by plane or ship
circumnavigation	n.	traveling around something (by ship or plane)
circumpolar	adj.	(of a celestial body) continually visible above the horizon during the entire 360 degrees of daily travel
circumpolar	adj.	located or found throughout a polar region
circumscribe	v.	draw a line around
circumscribe	v.	restrict or confine,
circumscribe	v.	to draw a geometric figure around another figure so that the two are in contact but do not intersect
circumscription	n.	the act of circumscribing
circumspect	adj.	heedful of potential consequences
circumspection	n.	knowing how to avoid embarrassment or distress
circumspection	n.	the trait of being circumspect and prudent
circumstance	n.	a condition that accompanies or influences some event or activity
circumstance	n.	the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event
circumstance	n.	information that should be kept in mind when making a decision
circumstance	n.	formal ceremony about important occasions
circumstantial	adj.	fully detailed and specific about particulars
circumvent	v.	surround so as to force to give up
circumvent	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
circumvent	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
circumvention	n.	the act of evading by going around
circus	n.	a travelling company of entertainers; including trained animals
circus	n.	a performance given by a traveling company of acrobats, clowns, and trained animals
circus	n.	a frenetic disorganized (and often comic) disturbance suggestive of a large public entertainment
circus	n.	(antiquity) an open-air stadium for chariot races and gladiatorial games
circus	n.	an arena consisting of an oval or circular area enclosed by tiers of seats and usually covered by a tent
circus	n.	a genus of haws comprising the harriers
cirque	n.	a steep-walled semicircular basin in a mountain; may contain a lake
cirrhosis	n.	a chronic disease interfering with the normal functioning of the liver; the major cause is chronic alcoholism
cirri	n.	usually coiled
cirri	n.	a wispy white cloud (usually of fine ice crystals) at a high altitude (4 to 8 miles)
cirri	n.	a slender flexible animal appendage as on barnacles or crinoids or many insects; often tactile
cirrus	n.	usually coiled
cirrus	n.	a wispy white cloud (usually of fine ice crystals) at a high altitude (4 to 8 miles)
cirrus	n.	a slender flexible animal appendage as on barnacles or crinoids or many insects; often tactile
cis	n.	an alliance made up of states that had been Soviet Socialist Republics in the Soviet Union prior to its dissolution in Dec 1991
cis	n.	a unit of radioactivity equal to the amount of a radioactive isotope that decays at the rate of 37,000,000,000 disintegrations per second
cisco	n.	cold-water fish caught in Lake Superior and northward
cisco	n.	important food fish of cold deep lakes of North America
cistern	n.	a sac or cavity containing fluid especially lymph or cerebrospinal fluid
cistern	n.	a tank that holds the water used to flush a toilet
cistern	n.	an artificial reservoir for storing liquids; especially an underground tank for storing rainwater
citadel	n.	a stronghold into which people could go for shelter during a battle
citation	n.	an official award (as for bravery or service) usually given as formal public statement
citation	n.	(law) the act of citing (as of spoken words or written passages or legal precedents etc.)
citation	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
citation	n.	a passage or expression that is quoted or cited
citation	n.	a summons that commands the appearance of a party at a proceeding
citation	n.	thoroughbred that won the triple crown in 1948
cite	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
cite	v.	make reference to
cite	v.	commend
cite	v.	refer to
cite	v.	repeat a passage from
cite	v.	refer to for illustration or proof
cite	v.	advance evidence for
cite	v.	call in an official matter, such as to attend court
citified	v.	accustom to urban ways
citified	adj.	being or having the customs or manners or dress of a city person
citizen	n.	a native or naturalized member of a state or other political community
citizenry	n.	the body of citizens of a state or country
citizenship	n.	the status of a citizen with rights and duties
citizenship	n.	conduct as a citizen
citric	adj.	of or related to citric acid
citron	n.	large lemonlike fruit with thick aromatic rind; usually preserved
citron	n.	thorny evergreen small tree or shrub of India widely cultivated for its large lemonlike fruits that have thick warty rind
citrus	n.	any of numerous fruits of the genus Citrus having thick rind and juicy pulp; grown in warm regions
citrus	n.	any of numerous tropical usually thorny evergreen trees of the genus Citrus having leathery evergreen leaves and widely cultivated for their juicy edible fruits having leathery aromatic rinds
city	n.	a large and densely populated urban area; may include several independent administrative districts
city	n.	an incorporated administrative district established by state charter
city	n.	people living in a large densely populated municipality
citywide	adj.	occurring or extending throughout a city
civet	n.	cat-like mammal typically secreting musk used in perfumes
civic	adj.	of or relating or belonging to a city
civic	adj.	of or relating to or befitting citizens as individuals
civics	n.	the social science of municipal affairs
civil	adj.	applying to ordinary citizens as contrasted with the military
civil	adj.	not rude; marked by satisfactory (or especially minimal) adherence to social usages and sufficient but not noteworthy consideration for others; - W.S. Maugham
civil	adj.	of or occurring within the state or between or among citizens of the state
civil	adj.	of or relating to or befitting citizens as individuals
civil	adj.	(of divisions of time) legally recognized in ordinary affairs of life
civil	adj.	of or in a condition of social order
civilian	n.	a nonmilitary citizen
civilian	adj.	associated with civil life or performed by persons who are not active members of the military
civility	n.	formal or perfunctory politeness
civility	n.	the act of showing regard for others
civilization	n.	a society in an advanced state of social development (e.g., with complex legal and political and religious organizations)
civilization	n.	the social process whereby societies achieve an advanced stage of development and organization
civilization	n.	a particular society at a particular time and place
civilization	n.	the quality of excellence in thought and manners and taste
civilize	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
civilize	v.	raise from a barbaric to a civilized state
civilized	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
civilized	v.	raise from a barbaric to a civilized state
civilized	adj.	having a high state of culture and development both social and technological
civilized	adj.	marked by refinement in taste and manners
civvies	n.	civilian garb as opposed to a military uniform
cl	n.	a common nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; best known as a heavy yellow irritating toxic gas; used to purify water and as a bleaching agent and disinfectant; occurs naturally only as a salt (as in sea water)
cl	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one hundredth of a liter
cl	adj.	being ten more than one hundred forty
clack	n.	a sharp abrupt noise as if two objects hit together; may be repeated
clack	n.	a simple valve with a hinge on one side; allows fluid to flow in only one direction
clack	v.	make a rattling sound
clack	v.	make a clucking sounds, characteristic of hens
clack	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
clad	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
clad	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
clad	v.	cover as if with clothing
clad	adj.	wearing or provided with clothing; sometimes used in combination; - Bible
clad	adj.	having an outer covering especially of thin metal
cladding	n.	a protective covering that protects the outside of a building
clade	n.	a group of biological taxa or species that share features inherited from a common ancestor
claim	n.	an assertion of a right (as to money or property)
claim	n.	an assertion that something is true or factual
claim	n.	demand for something as rightful or due
claim	n.	an informal right to something
claim	n.	an established or recognized right
claim	n.	a demand especially in the phrase
claim	v.	assert or affirm strongly; state to be true or existing
claim	v.	demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to
claim	v.	ask for legally or make a legal claim to, as of debts, for example
claim	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
claim	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
claimant	n.	someone who claims a benefit or right or title
claimed	v.	assert or affirm strongly; state to be true or existing
claimed	v.	demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to
claimed	v.	ask for legally or make a legal claim to, as of debts, for example
claimed	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
claimed	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
clairvoyance	n.	apparent power to perceive things that are not present to the senses
clairvoyant	n.	someone who has the power of clairvoyance
clairvoyant	adj.	perceiving things beyond the natural range of the senses
clairvoyant	adj.	foreseeing the future
clam	n.	burrowing marine mollusk living on sand or mud; the shell closes with viselike firmness
clam	n.	a piece of paper money worth one dollar
clam	n.	flesh of either hard-shell or soft-shell clams
clam	v.	gather clams, by digging in the sand by the ocean
clambake	n.	a cookout at the seashore where clams and fish and other foods are cooked--usually on heated stones covered with seaweed
clamber	n.	an awkward climb
clamber	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
clammed	v.	gather clams, by digging in the sand by the ocean
clammily	adv.	in a clammy manner
clamminess	n.	unpleasant wetness
clamming	v.	gather clams, by digging in the sand by the ocean
clammy	adj.	unpleasantly cool and humid
clamor	n.	a loud harsh or strident noise
clamor	n.	loud and persistent outcry from many people
clamor	v.	make loud demands
clamor	v.	utter or proclaim insistently and noisily
clamor	v.	compel someone to do something by insistent clamoring
clamorous	adj.	conspicuously and offensively loud; given to vehement outcry
clamp	n.	a device (generally used by carpenters) that holds things firmly together
clamp	v.	fasten or fix with a clamp
clamp	v.	impose or inflict forcefully
clampdown	n.	sudden restriction on an activity
clan	n.	group of people related by blood or marriage
clandestine	adj.	conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods
clang	n.	a loud resonant repeating noise
clang	v.	make a loud noise
clangor	n.	a loud resonant repeating noise
clangor	v.	make a loud resonant noise
clangor	v.	make a loud noise
clangorous	adj.	having a loud resonant metallic sound
clank	n.	a loud resonant repeating noise
clank	v.	make a clank
clannish	adj.	characteristic of a clan especially in being unified
clannish	adj.	befitting or characteristic of those who incline to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior
clannishness	n.	tendency to associate with only a select group
clansman	n.	a member of a clan
clansmen	n.	a member of a clan
clanswoman	n.	a member of a clan
clanswomen	n.	a member of a clan
clap	n.	a sudden very loud noise
clap	n.	a common venereal disease caused by the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae; symptoms are painful urination and pain around the urethra
clap	n.	a sharp abrupt noise as if two objects hit together; may be repeated
clap	v.	put quickly or forcibly
clap	v.	cause to strike the air in flight
clap	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
clap	v.	clap one's hands together
clap	v.	strike the air in flight
clap	v.	strike with the flat of the hand; usually in a friendly way, as in encouragement or greeting
clap	v.	strike together so as to produce a sharp percussive noise
clapboard	n.	a long thin board with one edge thicker than the other; used as siding by lapping one board over the board below
clapboard	v.	cover with clapboards
clapped	v.	put quickly or forcibly
clapped	v.	cause to strike the air in flight
clapped	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
clapped	v.	clap one's hands together
clapped	v.	strike the air in flight
clapped	v.	strike with the flat of the hand; usually in a friendly way, as in encouragement or greeting
clapped	v.	strike together so as to produce a sharp percussive noise
clapper	n.	someone who applauds
clapper	n.	a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in the oral cavity
clapper	n.	metal striker that hangs inside a bell and makes a sound by hitting the side
clapperboard	n.	photographic equipment used to synchronize sound and motion picture; boards held in front of a movie camera are banged together
clapping	n.	a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together
clapping	v.	put quickly or forcibly
clapping	v.	cause to strike the air in flight
clapping	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
clapping	v.	clap one's hands together
clapping	v.	strike the air in flight
clapping	v.	strike with the flat of the hand; usually in a friendly way, as in encouragement or greeting
clapping	v.	strike together so as to produce a sharp percussive noise
claptrap	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
claque	n.	a group of followers hired to applaud at a performance
clarence	n.	a closed carriage with four wheels and seats for four passengers
claret	n.	a dark purplish-red color
claret	n.	dry red Bordeaux or Bordeaux-like wine
claret	v.	drink claret
clarification	n.	an interpretation that removes obstacles to understanding
clarification	n.	the act of removing solid particles from a liquid
clarify	v.	make clear and (more) comprehensible
clarify	v.	make clear by removing impurities or solids, as by heating
clarinet	n.	a single-reed instrument with a straight tube
clarinetist	n.	a musician who plays the clarinet
clarion	n.	a medieval brass instrument with a clear shrill tone
clarion	v.	blow the clarion
clarion	v.	proclaim on, or as if on, a clarion
clarion	adj.	loud and clear
clarity	n.	free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear expression
clarity	n.	the quality of clear water
clark	n.	United States explorer who (with Meriwether Lewis) led an expedition from St. Louis to the mouth of the Columbia River; Clark was responsible for making maps of the area (1770-1838)
clark	n.	United States general who was Allied commander in Africa and Italy in World War II and was commander of the United Nations forces in Korea (1896-1984)
clark	n.	United States psychologist (born in Panama) whose research persuaded the Supreme Court that segregated schools were discriminatory (1914-2005)
clark	n.	Canadian politician who served as prime minister (1939-)
clash	n.	a loud resonant repeating noise
clash	n.	a state of conflict between persons
clash	n.	a state of conflict between colors
clash	n.	a minor short-term fight
clash	v.	crash together with violent impact
clash	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
clash	v.	disagree violently
clasp	n.	a fastener (as a buckle or hook) that is used to hold two things together
clasp	n.	the act of grasping
clasp	v.	hold firmly and tightly
clasp	v.	fasten with or as if with a brooch
clasp	v.	fasten with a buckle or buckles
clasp	v.	grasp firmly
class	n.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute
class	n.	a body of students who are taught together
class	n.	people having the same social, economic, or educational status
class	n.	education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings
class	n.	a league ranked by quality
class	n.	a body of students who graduate together
class	n.	(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more orders
class	n.	elegance in dress or behavior
class	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
classic	n.	a creation of the highest excellence
classic	n.	an artist who has created classic works
classic	adj.	of recognized authority or excellence
classic	adj.	of or relating to the most highly developed stage of an earlier civilisation and its culture
classic	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the ancient Greek and Roman cultures; ; "classical
classical	n.	traditional genre of music conforming to an established form and appealing to critical interest and developed musical taste
classical	adj.	of or relating to the most highly developed stage of an earlier civilisation and its culture
classical	adj.	of recognized authority or excellence
classical	adj.	of or relating to the study of the literary works of ancient Greece and Rome
classical	adj.	(language) having the form used by ancient standard authors; "classical Greek
classical	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the ancient Greek and Roman cultures; ; "classical
classicism	n.	a movement in literature and art during the 17th and 18th centuries in Europe that favored rationality and restraint and strict forms
classicist	n.	an artistic person who adheres to classicism
classicist	n.	a student of ancient Greek and Latin
classifiable	adj.	capable of being classified
classification	n.	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type
classification	n.	a group of people or things arranged by class or category
classification	n.	the basic cognitive process of arranging into classes or categories
classification	n.	restriction imposed by the government on documents or weapons that are available only to certain authorized people
classifications	n.	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type
classifications	n.	a group of people or things arranged by class or category
classifications	n.	the basic cognitive process of arranging into classes or categories
classifications	n.	restriction imposed by the government on documents or weapons that are available only to certain authorized people
classified	n.	a short ad in a newspaper or magazine (usually in small print) and appearing along with other ads of the same type
classified	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
classified	v.	declare unavailable, as for security reasons
classified	v.	assign to a class or kind
classified	adj.	arranged into classes
classified	adj.	official classification of information or documents; withheld from general circulation
classifieds	n.	a short ad in a newspaper or magazine (usually in small print) and appearing along with other ads of the same type
classifier	n.	a person who creates classifications
classifier	n.	a word or morpheme used in some languages in certain contexts (such as counting) to indicate the semantic class to which the counted item belongs
classify	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
classify	v.	declare unavailable, as for security reasons
classify	v.	assign to a class or kind
classless	adj.	favoring social equality
classmate	n.	an acquaintance that you go to school with
classroom	n.	a room in a school where lessons take place
classwork	n.	the part of a student's work that is done in the classroom
classy	adj.	elegant and fashionable; ; ; ; - Julia Child
clatter	n.	a rattling noise (often produced by rapid movement)
clatter	v.	make a rattling sound
claudius	n.	Roman Emperor after his nephew Caligula was murdered; consolidated the Roman Empire and conquered southern Britain; was poisoned by his fourth wife Agrippina after her son Nero was named as Claudius' heir (10 BC to AD 54)
clausal	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as a clause
clause	n.	(grammar) an expression including a subject and predicate but not constituting a complete sentence
clause	n.	a separate section of a legal document (as a statute or contract or will)
clausewitz	n.	Prussian general and military theorist who proposed a doctrine of total war and war as an extension of diplomacy (1780-1831)
claustrophobia	n.	a morbid fear of being closed in a confined space
claustrophobic	adj.	uncomfortably closed or hemmed in
claustrophobic	adj.	suffering from claustrophobia; abnormally afraid of closed-in places
clavichord	n.	an early stringed instrument like a piano but with more delicate sound
clavicle	n.	bone linking the scapula and sternum
clavier	n.	a bank of keys on a musical instrument
clavier	n.	a stringed instrument that has a keyboard
claw	n.	sharp curved horny process on the toe of a bird or some mammals or reptiles
claw	n.	a mechanical device that is curved or bent to suspend or hold or pull something
claw	n.	a grasping structure on the limb of a crustacean or other arthropods
claw	n.	a bird's foot
claw	v.	move as if by clawing, seizing, or digging
claw	v.	clutch as if in panic
claw	v.	scratch, scrape, pull, or dig with claws or nails
claw	v.	attack as if with claws
clay	n.	a very fine-grained soil that is plastic when moist but hard when fired
clay	n.	water soaked soil; soft wet earth
clay	n.	United States general who commanded United States forces in Europe from 1945 to 1949 and who oversaw the Berlin airlift (1897-1978)
clay	n.	United States politician responsible for the Missouri Compromise between free and slave states (1777-1852)
clay	n.	the dead body of a human being
clayey	adj.	resembling or containing clay
clayey	adj.	(used of soil) compact and fine-grained
clean	n.	a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted to shoulder height and then jerked overhead
clean	v.	make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from
clean	v.	remove unwanted substances from, such as feathers or pits
clean	v.	clean and tidy up the house
clean	v.	clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing
clean	v.	be cleanable
clean	v.	deprive wholly of money in a gambling game, robbery, etc.
clean	v.	remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely
clean	v.	remove while making clean
clean	v.	remove unwanted substances from
clean	v.	remove shells or husks from
clean	adj.	free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits
clean	adj.	free of restrictions or qualifications
clean	adj.	(of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims
clean	adj.	free from impurities
clean	adj.	(of a record) having no marks of discredit or offense
clean	adj.	ritually clean or pure
clean	adj.	not spreading pollution or contamination; especially radioactive contamination
clean	adj.	(of behavior or especially language) free from objectionable elements; fit for all observers
clean	adj.	free from sepsis or infection
clean	adj.	morally pure
clean	adj.	(of a manuscript) having few alterations or corrections
clean	adj.	(of a surface) not written or printed on
clean	adj.	exhibiting or calling for sportsmanship or fair play
clean	adj.	without difficulties or problems
clean	adj.	thorough and without qualification
clean	adj.	not carrying concealed weapons
clean	adj.	free from clumsiness; precisely or deftly executed
clean	adj.	free of drugs
clean	adv.	completely; used as intensifiers
clean	adv.	in conformity with the rules or laws and without fraud or cheating
cleaner	n.	a preparation used in cleaning something
cleaner	n.	the operator of dry-cleaning establishment
cleaner	n.	someone whose occupation is cleaning
cleaner	adj.	free from dirt or impurities; or having clean habits
cleaner	adj.	free of restrictions or qualifications
cleaner	adj.	(of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims
cleaner	adj.	free from impurities
cleaner	adj.	(of a record) having no marks of discredit or offense
cleaner	adj.	ritually clean or pure
cleaner	adj.	not spreading pollution or contamination; especially radioactive contamination
cleaner	adj.	(of behavior or especially language) free from objectionable elements; fit for all observers
cleaner	adj.	free from sepsis or infection
cleaner	adj.	morally pure
cleaner	adj.	(of a manuscript) having few alterations or corrections
cleaner	adj.	(of a surface) not written or printed on
cleaner	adj.	exhibiting or calling for sportsmanship or fair play
cleaner	adj.	without difficulties or problems
cleaner	adj.	thorough and without qualification
cleaner	adj.	not carrying concealed weapons
cleaner	adj.	free from clumsiness; precisely or deftly executed
cleaner	adj.	free of drugs
cleaning	n.	the act of making something clean
cleaning	v.	make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from
cleaning	v.	remove unwanted substances from, such as feathers or pits
cleaning	v.	clean and tidy up the house
cleaning	v.	clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing
cleaning	v.	be cleanable
cleaning	v.	deprive wholly of money in a gambling game, robbery, etc.
cleaning	v.	remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely
cleaning	v.	remove while making clean
cleaning	v.	remove unwanted substances from
cleaning	v.	remove shells or husks from
cleanliness	n.	the habit of keeping free of superficial imperfections
cleanliness	n.	diligence in keeping clean
cleanly	adj.	habitually clean
cleanly	adv.	in an adroit manner
cleanly	adv.	in a manner that minimizes dirt and pollution
cleanly	adv.	without difficulty or distortion
cleanness	n.	the state of being clean; without dirt or other impurities
cleanness	n.	without moral defects
cleanse	v.	clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing
cleanse	v.	purge of an ideology, bad thoughts, or sins
cleanser	n.	a preparation used in cleaning something
cleanup	n.	a very large profit
cleanup	n.	(baseball) the fourth position in the batting order (usually filled by the best batter on the team)
cleanup	n.	the act of making something clean
clear	n.	the state of being free of suspicion
clear	n.	a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water
clear	v.	rid of obstructions
clear	v.	make a way or path by removing objects
clear	v.	become clear
clear	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
clear	v.	remove
clear	v.	go unchallenged; be approved
clear	v.	be debited and credited to the proper bank accounts
clear	v.	go away or disappear
clear	v.	pass by, over, or under without making contact
clear	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
clear	v.	free from payment of customs duties, as of a shipment
clear	v.	clear from impurities, blemishes, pollution, etc.
clear	v.	yield as a net profit
clear	v.	make as a net profit
clear	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
clear	v.	sell
clear	v.	pass an inspection or receive authorization
clear	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
clear	v.	settle, as of a debt
clear	v.	make clear, bright, light, or translucent
clear	v.	rid of instructions or data
clear	v.	remove (people) from a building
clear	v.	remove the occupants of
clear	v.	free (the throat) by making a rasping sound
clear	adj.	readily apparent to the mind
clear	adj.	free from confusion or doubt
clear	adj.	affording free passage or view
clear	adj.	allowing light to pass through
clear	adj.	free from contact or proximity or connection
clear	adj.	characterized by freedom from troubling thoughts (especially guilt)
clear	adj.	(of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims
clear	adj.	(especially of a title) free from any encumbrance or limitation that presents a question of fact or law
clear	adj.	clear and distinct to the senses; easily perceptible
clear	adj.	accurately stated or described
clear	adj.	free from clouds or mist or haze
clear	adj.	free of restrictions or qualifications
clear	adj.	free from flaw or blemish or impurity
clear	adj.	clear of charges or deductions
clear	adj.	easily deciphered
clear	adj.	freed from any question of guilt
clear	adj.	characterized by ease and quickness in perceiving
clear	adv.	completely
clear	adv.	in an easily perceptible manner
clearance	n.	the distance by which one thing clears another; the space between them
clearance	n.	vertical space available to allow easy passage under something
clearance	n.	permission to proceed
clearheaded	adj.	not mentally confused; able to think clearly and act intelligently
clearing	n.	a tract of land with few or no trees in the middle of a wooded area
clearing	n.	the act of freeing from suspicion
clearing	n.	the act of removing solid particles from a liquid
clearing	v.	rid of obstructions
clearing	v.	make a way or path by removing objects
clearing	v.	become clear
clearing	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
clearing	v.	remove
clearing	v.	go unchallenged; be approved
clearing	v.	be debited and credited to the proper bank accounts
clearing	v.	go away or disappear
clearing	v.	pass by, over, or under without making contact
clearing	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
clearing	v.	free from payment of customs duties, as of a shipment
clearing	v.	clear from impurities, blemishes, pollution, etc.
clearing	v.	yield as a net profit
clearing	v.	make as a net profit
clearing	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
clearing	v.	sell
clearing	v.	pass an inspection or receive authorization
clearing	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
clearing	v.	settle, as of a debt
clearing	v.	make clear, bright, light, or translucent
clearing	v.	rid of instructions or data
clearing	v.	remove (people) from a building
clearing	v.	remove the occupants of
clearing	v.	free (the throat) by making a rasping sound
clearness	n.	free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear expression
clearness	n.	the quality of clear water
clearway	n.	a road on which you are not allowed to stop (unless you have a breakdown)
cleat	n.	a metal or leather projection (as from the sole of a shoe); prevents slipping
cleat	n.	a fastener (usually with two projecting horns) around which a rope can be secured
cleat	n.	a strip of wood or metal used to strengthen the surface to which it is attached
cleat	v.	provide with cleats
cleat	v.	secure on a cleat
cleavage	n.	the state of being split or cleft
cleavage	n.	the breaking of a chemical bond in a molecule resulting in smaller molecules
cleavage	n.	(embryology) the repeated division of a fertilised ovum
cleavage	n.	the line formed by a groove between two parts (especially the separation between a woman's breasts)
cleavage	n.	the act of cleaving or splitting
cleave	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
cleave	v.	make by cutting into
cleave	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cleaver	n.	a butcher's knife having a large square blade
clef	n.	a musical notation written on a staff indicating the pitch of the notes following it
cleft	n.	a split or indentation in something (as the palate or chin)
cleft	n.	a long narrow opening
cleft	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
cleft	v.	make by cutting into
cleft	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cleft	adj.	having one or more incisions reaching nearly to the midrib
clematis	n.	any of various ornamental climbing plants of the genus Clematis usually having showy flowers
clemenceau	n.	French statesman who played a key role in negotiating the Treaty of Versailles (1841-1929)
clemency	n.	good weather with comfortable temperatures
clemency	n.	leniency and compassion shown toward offenders by a person or agency charged with administering justice
clemens	n.	United States writer and humorist best known for his novels about Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn (1835-1910)
clement	adj.	(of weather or climate) physically mild
clement	adj.	(used of persons or behavior) inclined to show mercy
clementine	n.	a variety of mandarin orange that is grown around the Mediterranean and in South Africa
clementine	n.	a mandarin orange of a deep reddish orange color and few seeds
clench	n.	a small slip noose made with seizing
clench	n.	the act of grasping
clench	v.	hold in a tight grasp
clench	v.	squeeze together tightly
cleopatra	n.	beautiful and charismatic queen of Egypt; mistress of Julius Caesar and later of Mark Antony; killed herself to avoid capture by Octavian (69-30 BC)
clerestory	n.	part of an interior wall rising above the adjacent roof with windows admitting light
clergy	n.	in Christianity, clergymen collectively (as distinguished from the laity)
clergyman	n.	a member of the clergy and a spiritual leader of the Christian Church
clergymen	n.	a member of the clergy and a spiritual leader of the Christian Church
cleric	n.	a clergyman or other person in religious orders
clerical	adj.	of or relating to clerks
clerical	adj.	of or relating to the clergy
clerical	adj.	appropriate for or engaged in office work
clericalism	n.	a policy of supporting the influence and power of the clergy in secular or political matters
clerk	n.	an employee who performs clerical work (e.g., keeps records or accounts)
clerk	n.	a salesperson in a store
clerk	v.	work as a clerk, as in the legal business
clerkship	n.	the job of clerk
cleveland	n.	the largest city in Ohio; located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie; a major Great Lakes port
cleveland	n.	22nd and 24th President of the United States (1837-1908)
clever	adj.	showing self-interest and shrewdness in dealing with others
clever	adj.	mentally quick and resourceful; ; -Bram Stoker
clever	adj.	showing inventiveness and skill
cleverness	n.	the power of creative imagination
cleverness	n.	intelligence as manifested in being quick and witty
cleverness	n.	the property of being ingenious
clevis	n.	a coupler shaped like the letter U with holes through each end so a bolt or pin can pass through the holes to complete the coupling; used to attach a drawbar to a plow or wagon or trailer etc.
clew	n.	a ball of yarn or cord or thread
clew	n.	evidence that helps to solve a problem
clew	v.	roll into a ball
cliche	n.	a trite or obvious remark
click	n.	a short light metallic sound
click	n.	a stop consonant made by the suction of air into the mouth (as in Bantu)
click	n.	a hinged catch that fits into a notch of a ratchet to move a wheel forward or prevent it from moving backward
click	n.	depression of a button on a computer mouse
click	v.	move or strike with a noise
click	v.	make a clicking or ticking sound
click	v.	click repeatedly or uncontrollably
click	v.	cause to make a snapping sound
click	v.	produce a click
click	v.	make a clucking sounds, characteristic of hens
click	v.	become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions
client	n.	a person who seeks the advice of a lawyer
client	n.	someone who pays for goods or services
client	n.	(computer science) any computer that is hooked up to a computer network
clientele	n.	customers collectively
cliff	n.	a steep high face of rock
cliffhanger	n.	a contest whose outcome is uncertain up to the very end
cliffhanger	n.	an episode that ends in suspense
climacteric	n.	a period in a man's life corresponding to menopause
climacteric	n.	the time in a woman's life in which the menstrual cycle ends
climactic	adj.	consisting of or causing a climax
climate	n.	the weather in some location averaged over some long period of time
climate	n.	the prevailing psychological state
climatic	adj.	of or relating to a climate
climatically	adv.	with respect to climate
climatologist	n.	someone who is expert in climatology
climatology	n.	meteorology of climates and their phenomena
climax	n.	the highest point of anything conceived of as growing or developing or unfolding
climax	n.	the decisive moment in a novel or play
climax	n.	the moment of most intense pleasure in sexual intercourse
climax	n.	the most severe stage of a disease
climax	n.	arrangement of clauses in ascending order of forcefulness
climax	v.	end, especially to reach a final or climactic stage
climb	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
climb	n.	an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperature or intensity etc.)
climb	n.	the act of climbing something
climb	v.	go upward with gradual or continuous progress
climb	v.	move with difficulty, by grasping
climb	v.	go up or advance
climb	v.	slope upward
climb	v.	improve one's social status
climb	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
climber	n.	a vine or climbing plant that readily grows up a support or over other plants
climber	n.	someone seeking social prominence by obsequious behavior
climber	n.	someone who ascends on foot
climber	n.	someone who climbs as a sport; especially someone who climbs mountains
climber	n.	an iron spike attached to the shoe to prevent slipping on ice when walking or climbing
climbing	n.	an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperature or intensity etc.)
climbing	v.	go upward with gradual or continuous progress
climbing	v.	move with difficulty, by grasping
climbing	v.	go up or advance
climbing	v.	slope upward
climbing	v.	improve one's social status
climbing	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
clime	n.	the weather in some location averaged over some long period of time
clinch	n.	(boxing) the act of one boxer holding onto the other to avoid being hit and to rest momentarily
clinch	n.	a small slip noose made with seizing
clinch	n.	the flattened part of a nail or bolt or rivet
clinch	n.	a device (generally used by carpenters) that holds things firmly together
clinch	n.	a tight or amorous embrace
clinch	v.	secure or fasten by flattening the ends of nails or bolts
clinch	v.	hold a boxing opponent with one or both arms so as to prevent punches
clinch	v.	hold in a tight grasp
clinch	v.	embrace amorously
clinch	v.	flatten the ends (of nails and rivets)
clinch	v.	settle conclusively
clincher	n.	an argument that is conclusive
clincher	n.	a point or fact or remark that settles something conclusively
clincher	n.	a tool used to clinch nails or bolts or rivets
cline	n.	American geneticist who succeeded in transferring a functioning gene from one mouse to another (born in 1934)
cling	n.	fruit (especially peach) whose flesh adheres strongly to the pit
cling	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cling	v.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached
cling	v.	hold on tightly or tenaciously
clingfilm	n.	a thin plastic film made of saran (trade name Saran Wrap) that sticks to itself; used for wrapping food
clinic	n.	a medical establishment run by a group of medical specialists
clinic	n.	meeting for diagnosis of problems and instruction or remedial work in a particular activity
clinic	n.	a healthcare facility for outpatient care
clinical	adj.	relating to a clinic or conducted in or as if in a clinic and depending on direct observation of patients
clinical	adj.	scientifically detached; unemotional
clinician	n.	a practitioner (of medicine or psychology) who does clinical work instead of laboratory experiments
clink	n.	a short light metallic sound
clink	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
clink	v.	make a high sound typical of glass
clink	v.	make or emit a high sound
clinker	n.	a fragment of incombustible matter left after a wood or coal or charcoal fire
clinker	n.	a hard brick used as a paving stone
clinker	v.	clear out the cinders and clinker from
clinker	v.	turn to clinker or form clinker under excessive heat in burning
clinton	n.	wife of President Clinton and later a woman member of the United States Senate (1947-)
clinton	n.	42nd President of the United States (1946-)
clinton	n.	United States politician who as governor of New York supported the project to build the Erie Canal (1769-1828)
clinton	n.	a town in east central Iowa
clio	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of history
clip	n.	a metal frame or container holding cartridges; can be inserted into an automatic gun
clip	n.	an instance or single occasion for some event
clip	n.	any of various small fasteners used to hold loose articles together
clip	n.	an article of jewelry that can be clipped onto a hat or dress
clip	n.	the act of clipping or snipping
clip	n.	a sharp slanting blow
clip	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
clip	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
clip	v.	attach with a clip
clip	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
clip	v.	terminate or abbreviate before its intended or proper end or its full extent
clipboard	n.	a small writing board with a clip at the top for holding papers
clipped	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
clipped	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
clipped	v.	attach with a clip
clipped	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
clipped	v.	terminate or abbreviate before its intended or proper end or its full extent
clipped	adj.	cut or trimmed by clipping
clipped	adj.	(of speech) having quick short sounds
clipper	n.	(electronics) a nonlinear electronic circuit whose output is limited in amplitude; used to limit the instantaneous amplitude of a waveform (to clip off the peaks of a waveform)
clipper	n.	a fast sailing ship used in former times
clipper	n.	shears for cutting grass or shrubbery (often used in the plural)
clipper	n.	scissors for cutting hair or finger nails (often used in the plural)
clipping	n.	an excerpt cut from a newspaper or magazine
clipping	n.	cutting down to the desired size or shape
clipping	n.	the act of clipping or snipping
clipping	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
clipping	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
clipping	v.	attach with a clip
clipping	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
clipping	v.	terminate or abbreviate before its intended or proper end or its full extent
clique	n.	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose
cliquish	adj.	befitting or characteristic of those who incline to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior
cliquishness	n.	tendency to associate with only a select group
clit	n.	a female sexual organ homologous to the penis
clitoral	adj.	of or relating to the clitoris
clitoris	n.	a female sexual organ homologous to the penis
clive	n.	British general and statesman whose victory at Plassey in 1757 strengthened British control of India (1725-1774)
cloaca	n.	(zoology) the cavity (in birds, reptiles, amphibians, most fish, and monotremes but not mammals) at the end of the digestive tract into which the intestinal, genital, and urinary tracts open
cloaca	n.	a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water
cloacae	n.	(zoology) the cavity (in birds, reptiles, amphibians, most fish, and monotremes but not mammals) at the end of the digestive tract into which the intestinal, genital, and urinary tracts open
cloacae	n.	a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water
cloak	n.	anything that covers or conceals
cloak	n.	a loose outer garment
cloak	v.	hide under a false appearance
cloak	v.	cover as if with clothing
cloak	v.	cover with or as if with a cloak
cloakroom	n.	a private lounge off of a legislative chamber
cloakroom	n.	a room where coats and other articles can be left temporarily
clobber	n.	informal terms for personal possessions
clobber	v.	strike violently and repeatedly
clobber	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
cloche	n.	a low transparent cover put over young plants to protect them from cold
cloche	n.	a woman's close-fitting hat that resembles a helmet
clock	n.	a timepiece that shows the time of day
clock	v.	measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time
clockwise	adj.	in the same direction as the rotating hands of a clock
clockwise	adv.	in the direction that the hands of a clock move
clockwork	n.	any mechanism of geared wheels that is driven by a coiled spring; resembles the works of a mechanical clock
clod	n.	a compact mass
clod	n.	an awkward stupid person
cloddish	adj.	heavy and dull and stupid
clodhopper	n.	a thick and heavy shoe
clog	n.	footwear usually with wooden soles
clog	n.	any object that acts as a hindrance or obstruction
clog	n.	a dance performed while wearing shoes with wooden soles; has heavy stamping steps
clog	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
clog	v.	dance a clog dance
clog	v.	impede the motion of, as with a chain or a burden
clog	v.	impede with a clog or as if with a clog
clog	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
clog	v.	fill to excess so that function is impaired
clogged	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
clogged	v.	dance a clog dance
clogged	v.	impede the motion of, as with a chain or a burden
clogged	v.	impede with a clog or as if with a clog
clogged	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
clogged	v.	fill to excess so that function is impaired
clogged	adj.	thickened or coalesced in soft thick lumps (such as clogs or clots)
clogged	adj.	stopped up; clogged up
clogged	adj.	loaded with something that hinders motion; -Dryden
clogging	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
clogging	v.	dance a clog dance
clogging	v.	impede the motion of, as with a chain or a burden
clogging	v.	impede with a clog or as if with a clog
clogging	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
clogging	v.	fill to excess so that function is impaired
clogging	adj.	preventing movement
cloisonne	n.	enamelware in which colored areas are separated by thin metal strips
cloisonne	adj.	(for metals) having areas separated by metal and filled with colored enamel and fired
cloister	n.	residence that is a place of religious seclusion (such as a monastery)
cloister	n.	a courtyard with covered walks (as in religious institutions)
cloister	v.	surround with a cloister, as of a garden
cloister	v.	surround with a cloister
cloister	v.	seclude from the world in or as if in a cloister
cloistral	adj.	of communal life sequestered from the world under religious vows
clomp	v.	walk clumsily
clonal	adj.	of or relating to a clone
clone	n.	a person who is almost identical to another
clone	n.	a group of genetically identical cells or organisms derived from a single cell or individual by some kind of asexual reproduction
clone	n.	an unauthorized copy or imitation
clone	v.	make multiple identical copies of
clonidine	n.	an antihypertensive (trade name Catapres) that can be administered orally or via transdermal patches
clop	n.	the sound of a horse's hoofs hitting on a hard surface
clop	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
clopped	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
clopping	n.	the sound of a horse's hoofs hitting on a hard surface
clopping	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
clorox	n.	a commercial bleaching agent
close	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
close	n.	the last section of a communication
close	n.	the concluding part of any performance
close	v.	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut
close	v.	become closed
close	v.	cease to operate or cause to cease operating
close	v.	finish or terminate (meetings, speeches, etc.)
close	v.	come to a close
close	v.	complete a business deal, negotiation, or an agreement
close	v.	be priced or listed when trading stops
close	v.	engage at close quarters
close	v.	cause a window or an application to disappear on a computer desktop
close	v.	change one's body stance so that the forward shoulder and foot are closer to the intended point of impact
close	v.	come together, as if in an embrace
close	v.	draw near
close	v.	bring together all the elements or parts of
close	v.	bar access to
close	v.	fill or stop up
close	v.	unite or bring into contact or bring together the edges of
close	v.	finish a game in baseball by protecting a lead
close	adj.	at or within a short distance in space or time or having elements near each other
close	adj.	close in relevance or relationship
close	adj.	not far distant in time or space or degree or circumstances
close	adj.	rigorously attentive; strict and thorough
close	adj.	marked by fidelity to an original
close	adj.	(of a contest or contestants) evenly matched
close	adj.	crowded
close	adj.	lacking fresh air
close	adj.	of textiles
close	adj.	strictly confined or guarded
close	adj.	confined to specific persons
close	adj.	fitting closely but comfortably
close	adj.	used of hair or haircuts
close	adj.	giving or spending with reluctance
close	adj.	inclined to secrecy or reticence about divulging information
close	adv.	near in time or place or relationship
close	adv.	in an attentive manner
closefisted	adj.	unwilling to part with money
closemouthed	adj.	inclined to secrecy or reticence about divulging information
closeness	n.	a feeling of being intimate and belonging together
closeness	n.	the quality of being close and poorly ventilated
closeness	n.	the spatial property resulting from a relatively small distance
closeness	n.	extreme stinginess
closeness	n.	characterized by a lack of openness (especially about one's actions or purposes)
closeness	n.	close or warm friendship
closeout	n.	a sale intended to dispose of all remaining stock
closet	n.	a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space
closet	n.	a toilet in Britain
closet	n.	a tall piece of furniture that provides storage space for clothes; has a door and rails or hooks for hanging clothes
closet	n.	a small private room for study or prayer
closet	v.	confine to a small space, as for intensive work
closeup	n.	a photograph taken at close range
closing	n.	the act of closing something
closing	n.	the last section of a communication
closing	n.	approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap
closing	n.	termination of operations
closing	n.	a concluding action
closing	v.	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut
closing	v.	become closed
closing	v.	cease to operate or cause to cease operating
closing	v.	finish or terminate (meetings, speeches, etc.)
closing	v.	come to a close
closing	v.	complete a business deal, negotiation, or an agreement
closing	v.	be priced or listed when trading stops
closing	v.	engage at close quarters
closing	v.	cause a window or an application to disappear on a computer desktop
closing	v.	change one's body stance so that the forward shoulder and foot are closer to the intended point of impact
closing	v.	come together, as if in an embrace
closing	v.	draw near
closing	v.	bring together all the elements or parts of
closing	v.	bar access to
closing	v.	fill or stop up
closing	v.	unite or bring into contact or bring together the edges of
closing	v.	finish a game in baseball by protecting a lead
closing	adj.	final or ending
closure	n.	approaching a particular destination; a coming closer; a narrowing of a gap
closure	n.	a rule for limiting or ending debate in a deliberative body
closure	n.	a Gestalt principle of organization holding that there is an innate tendency to perceive incomplete objects as complete and to close or fill gaps and to perceive asymmetric stimuli as symmetric
closure	n.	something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making
closure	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
closure	n.	the act of blocking
closure	n.	termination of operations
closure	v.	terminate debate by calling for a vote
clot	n.	a lump of material formed from the content of a liquid
clot	v.	change from a liquid to a thickened or solid state
clot	v.	cause to change from a liquid to a solid or thickened state
clot	v.	turn into curds
clot	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
cloth	n.	artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers
clothe	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
clothe	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
clothe	v.	cover as if with clothing
clotheshorse	n.	a framework on which to hang clothes (as for drying)
clotheshorse	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
clothesline	n.	a cord on which clothes are hung to dry
clothespin	n.	wood or plastic fastener; for holding clothes on a clothesline
clothier	n.	a merchant who sells men's clothing
clothing	n.	a covering designed to be worn on a person's body
clothing	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
clothing	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
clothing	v.	cover as if with clothing
clotho	n.	the Greek goddess of fate who spins the thread of life
cloths	n.	artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers
clotted	v.	change from a liquid to a thickened or solid state
clotted	v.	cause to change from a liquid to a solid or thickened state
clotted	v.	turn into curds
clotted	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
clotted	adj.	thickened or coalesced in soft thick lumps (such as clogs or clots)
clotting	n.	the process of forming semisolid lumps in a liquid
clotting	v.	change from a liquid to a thickened or solid state
clotting	v.	cause to change from a liquid to a solid or thickened state
clotting	v.	turn into curds
clotting	v.	coalesce or unite in a mass
cloture	n.	a rule for limiting or ending debate in a deliberative body
cloture	v.	terminate debate by calling for a vote
cloud	n.	any collection of particles (e.g., smoke or dust) or gases that is visible
cloud	n.	a visible mass of water or ice particles suspended at a considerable altitude
cloud	n.	out of touch with reality
cloud	n.	a cause of worry or gloom or trouble
cloud	n.	suspicion affecting your reputation
cloud	n.	a group of many things in the air or on the ground
cloud	v.	make overcast or cloudy
cloud	v.	make less visible or unclear
cloud	v.	billow up in the form of a cloud
cloud	v.	make gloomy or depressed
cloud	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
cloud	v.	make less clear
cloud	v.	colour with streaks or blotches of different shades
cloud	v.	make milky or dull
cloudburst	n.	a heavy rain
clouded	v.	make overcast or cloudy
clouded	v.	make less visible or unclear
clouded	v.	billow up in the form of a cloud
clouded	v.	make gloomy or depressed
clouded	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
clouded	v.	make less clear
clouded	v.	colour with streaks or blotches of different shades
clouded	v.	make milky or dull
clouded	adj.	made troubled or apprehensive or distressed in appearance
clouded	adj.	filled or abounding with clouds
clouded	adj.	mentally disordered
clouded	adj.	unclear in form or expression; ; - H.G.Wells
cloudiness	n.	the state of the sky when it is covered by clouds
cloudiness	n.	gloomy semidarkness caused by cloud cover
cloudiness	n.	the quality of being cloudy
cloudless	adj.	free from clouds
cloudy	adj.	lacking definite form or limits; - H.T.Moore
cloudy	adj.	full of or covered with clouds
cloudy	adj.	(of liquids) clouded as with sediment
clout	n.	a target used in archery
clout	n.	special advantage or influence
clout	n.	a short nail with a flat head; used to attach sheet metal to wood
clout	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
clout	v.	strike hard, especially with the fist
clove	n.	aromatic flower bud of a clove tree; yields a spice
clove	n.	moderate sized very symmetrical red-flowered evergreen widely cultivated in the tropics for its flower buds which are source of cloves
clove	n.	one of the small bulblets that can be split off of the axis of a larger garlic bulb
clove	n.	spice from dried unopened flower bud of the clove tree; used whole or ground
clove	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
clove	v.	make by cutting into
clove	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cloven	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
cloven	v.	make by cutting into
cloven	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cloven	adj.	(used of hooves) split, divided
clover	n.	a plant of the genus Trifolium
cloverleaf	n.	an interchange that does not require left-hand turns
cloverleaves	n.	an interchange that does not require left-hand turns
clovis	n.	king of the Franks who unified Gaul and established his capital at Paris and founded the Frankish monarchy; his name was rendered as Gallic `Louis' (466-511)
clown	n.	a rude or vulgar fool
clown	n.	a person who amuses others by ridiculous behavior
clown	v.	act as or like a clown
clownish	adj.	like a clown
cloy	v.	supply or feed to surfeit
cloy	v.	cause surfeit through excess though initially pleasing
cloying	v.	supply or feed to surfeit
cloying	v.	cause surfeit through excess though initially pleasing
cloying	adj.	overly sweet
club	n.	a team of professional baseball players who play and travel together
club	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
club	n.	stout stick that is larger at one end
club	n.	a building that is occupied by a social club
club	n.	golf equipment used by a golfer to hit a golf ball
club	n.	a playing card in the minor suit that has one or more black trefoils on it
club	n.	a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment (as singers or dancers) as well as dancing and food and drink
club	v.	unite with a common purpose
club	v.	gather and spend time together
club	v.	strike with a club or a bludgeon
club	v.	gather into a club-like mass
clubbable	adj.	inclined to club together
clubbed	v.	unite with a common purpose
clubbed	v.	gather and spend time together
clubbed	v.	strike with a club or a bludgeon
clubbed	v.	gather into a club-like mass
clubbing	n.	a condition in which the ends of toes and fingers become wide and thick; a symptom of heart or lung disease
clubbing	v.	unite with a common purpose
clubbing	v.	gather and spend time together
clubbing	v.	strike with a club or a bludgeon
clubbing	v.	gather into a club-like mass
clubfoot	n.	congenital deformity of the foot usually marked by a curled shape or twisted position of the ankle and heel and toes
clubhouse	n.	a building that is occupied by a social club
cluck	n.	the sound made by a hen (as in calling her chicks)
cluck	v.	make a clucking sounds, characteristic of hens
clue	n.	a slight indication
clue	n.	evidence that helps to solve a problem
clue	v.	roll into a ball
clueless	adj.	totally uninformed about what is going on; not having even a clue from which to infer what is occurring
clump	n.	a grouping of a number of similar things
clump	n.	a compact mass
clump	n.	a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)
clump	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
clump	v.	come together as in a cluster or flock
clump	v.	walk clumsily
clump	v.	gather or cause to gather into a cluster
clumsily	adv.	in a clumsy manner
clumsiness	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
clumsiness	n.	the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are ungainly or inelegant
clumsiness	n.	the inelegance of someone stiff and unrelaxed (as by embarrassment)
clumsy	adj.	lacking grace in movement or posture
clumsy	adj.	not elegant or graceful in expression
clumsy	adj.	difficult to handle or manage especially because of shape
clumsy	adj.	showing lack of skill or aptitude
clung	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
clung	v.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached
clung	v.	hold on tightly or tenaciously
clunk	n.	a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)
clunk	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
clunky	adj.	lacking grace in movement or posture
clunky	adj.	making a clunking sound
cluster	n.	a grouping of a number of similar things
cluster	v.	come together as in a cluster or flock
cluster	v.	gather or cause to gather into a cluster
clutch	n.	the act of grasping
clutch	n.	a tense critical situation
clutch	n.	a number of birds hatched at the same time
clutch	n.	a collection of things or persons to be handled together
clutch	n.	a woman's strapless purse that is carried in the hand
clutch	n.	a pedal or lever that engages or disengages a rotating shaft and a driving mechanism
clutch	n.	a coupling that connects or disconnects driving and driven parts of a driving mechanism
clutch	v.	take hold of; grab
clutch	v.	hold firmly, usually with one's hands
clutch	v.	affect
clutter	n.	a confused multitude of things
clutter	n.	unwanted echoes that interfere with the observation of signals on a radar screen
clutter	v.	fill a space in a disorderly way
clyde	n.	a river in western Scotland that flows from the southern uplands into the Firth of Clyde; navigable by oceangoing vessels as far as Glasgow
clydesdale	n.	heavy feathered-legged breed of draft horse originally from Scotland
clytemnestra	n.	(Greek mythology) wife of Agamemnon who had him murdered when he returned from the Trojan War
cm	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one hundredth of a meter
cm	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; produced by bombarding plutonium with helium nuclei
cnidarian	n.	radially symmetrical animals having saclike bodies with only one opening and tentacles with stinging structures; they occur in polyp and medusa forms
cns	n.	the portion of the vertebrate nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord
co	n.	an odorless very poisonous gas that is a product of incomplete combustion of carbon
co	n.	a hard ferromagnetic silver-white bivalent or trivalent metallic element; a trace element in plant and animal nutrition
co	n.	one who refuses to serve in the armed forces on grounds of conscience
co	n.	a state in west central United States in the Rocky Mountains
coach	n.	(sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team
coach	n.	a person who gives private instruction (as in singing, acting, etc.)
coach	n.	a railcar where passengers ride
coach	n.	a carriage pulled by four horses with one driver
coach	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
coach	v.	teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports
coach	v.	drive a coach
coachman	n.	a man who drives a coach (or carriage)
coachmen	n.	a man who drives a coach (or carriage)
coadjutor	n.	an assistant to a bishop
coagulant	n.	an agent that produces coagulation
coagulate	v.	change from a liquid to a thickened or solid state
coagulate	v.	cause to change from a liquid to a solid or thickened state
coagulate	adj.	transformed from a liquid into a soft semisolid or solid mass
coagulation	n.	the process of forming semisolid lumps in a liquid
coagulator	n.	an agent that produces coagulation
coal	n.	fossil fuel consisting of carbonized vegetable matter deposited in the Carboniferous period
coal	n.	a hot fragment of wood or coal that is left from a fire and is glowing or smoldering
coal	v.	burn to charcoal
coal	v.	supply with coal
coal	v.	take in coal
coalesce	v.	mix together different elements
coalesce	v.	fuse or cause to grow together
coalescence	n.	the union of diverse things into one body or form or group; the growing together of parts
coalescent	adj.	growing together, fusing
coalface	n.	the part of a coal seam that is being cut
coalfield	n.	a region where there is coal underground
coalition	n.	an organization of people (or countries) involved in a pact or treaty
coalition	n.	the state of being combined into one body
coalition	n.	the union of diverse things into one body or form or group; the growing together of parts
coarse	adj.	of textures that are rough to the touch or substances consisting of relatively large particles
coarse	adj.	lacking refinement or cultivation or taste
coarse	adj.	of low or inferior quality or value; - Shakespeare
coarsen	v.	make or become coarse or coarser
coarsen	v.	make less subtle or refined
coarseness	n.	language or humor that is down-to-earth
coarseness	n.	the quality of being composed of relatively large particles
coarseness	n.	looseness or roughness in texture (as of cloth)
coarseness	n.	the quality of lacking taste and refinement
coast	n.	the shore of a sea or ocean
coast	n.	a slope down which sleds may coast
coast	n.	the area within view
coast	n.	the act of moving smoothly along a surface while remaining in contact with it
coast	v.	move effortlessly; by force of gravity
coastal	adj.	of or relating to a coast
coastal	adj.	located on or near or bordering on a coast
coaster	n.	a resident of a coastal area
coaster	n.	someone who coasts
coaster	n.	a covering (plate or mat) that protects the surface of a table (i.e., from the condensation on a cold glass or bottle)
coastguard	n.	a military service responsible for the safety of maritime traffic in coastal waters
coastline	n.	the outline of a coast
coat	n.	an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; worn outdoors
coat	n.	a thin layer covering something
coat	n.	growth of hair or wool or fur covering the body of an animal
coat	v.	put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface
coat	v.	cover or provide with a coat
coat	v.	form a coat over
coating	n.	a thin layer covering something
coating	n.	a decorative texture or appearance of a surface (or the substance that gives it that appearance)
coating	n.	a heavy fabric suitable for coats
coating	n.	the work of applying something
coating	v.	put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface
coating	v.	cover or provide with a coat
coating	v.	form a coat over
coatroom	n.	a room where coats and other articles can be left temporarily
coattail	n.	the loose back flap of a coat that hangs below the waist
coauthor	n.	a writer who collaborates with others in writing something
coax	n.	a transmission line for high-frequency signals
coax	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
coaxer	n.	someone who tries to persuade by blandishment and coaxing
coaxial	adj.	having a common axis
coaxing	n.	flattery designed to gain favor
coaxing	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
coaxing	adj.	pleasingly persuasive or intended to persuade
cob	n.	nut of any of several trees of the genus Corylus
cob	n.	stocky short-legged harness horse
cob	n.	white gull having a black back and wings
cob	n.	adult male swan
cobalt	n.	a hard ferromagnetic silver-white bivalent or trivalent metallic element; a trace element in plant and animal nutrition
cobber	n.	Australian term for a pal
cobble	n.	rectangular paving stone with curved top; once used to make roads
cobble	v.	pave with cobblestones
cobble	v.	repair or mend
cobbler	n.	a person who makes or repairs shoes
cobbler	n.	tall sweetened iced drink of wine or liquor with fruit
cobbler	n.	a pie made of fruit with rich biscuit dough usually only on top of the fruit
cobblestone	n.	rectangular paving stone with curved top; once used to make roads
cobblestone	v.	pave with cobblestones
cobnut	n.	small nut-bearing tree much grown in Europe
cobnut	n.	nut of any of several trees of the genus Corylus
cobol	n.	common business-oriented language
cobra	n.	venomous Asiatic and African elapid snakes that can expand the skin of the neck into a hood
cobweb	n.	a fabric so delicate and transparent as to resemble a web of a spider
cobweb	n.	filaments from a web that was spun by a spider
cobweb	n.	a dense elaborate spider web that is more efficient than the orb web
cobwebby	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
cobwebby	adj.	covered with cobwebs
coca	n.	a South American shrub whose leaves are chewed by natives of the Andes; a source of cocaine
coca	n.	United States comedienne who starred in early television shows with Sid Caesar (1908-2001)
coca	n.	dried leaves of the coca plant (and related plants that also contain cocaine); chewed by Andean people for their stimulating effect
cocaine	n.	a narcotic (alkaloid) extracted from coca leaves; used as a surface anesthetic or taken for pleasure; can become powerfully addictive
cocci	n.	any spherical or nearly spherical bacteria
coccus	n.	any spherical or nearly spherical bacteria
coccyges	n.	the end of the vertebral column in humans and tailless apes
coccyx	n.	the end of the vertebral column in humans and tailless apes
cochin	n.	Asian breed of large fowl with dense plumage and feathered legs
cochineal	n.	a red dyestuff consisting of dried bodies of female cochineal insects
cochineal	n.	Mexican red scale insect that feeds on cacti; the source of a red dye
cochise	n.	Apache leader of the resistance to United States troops in Arizona (1812-1874)
cochlea	n.	the snail-shaped tube (in the inner ear coiled around the modiolus) where sound vibrations are converted into nerve impulses by the organ of Corti
cochleae	n.	the snail-shaped tube (in the inner ear coiled around the modiolus) where sound vibrations are converted into nerve impulses by the organ of Corti
cochlear	adj.	of or relating to the cochlea of the ear
cochran	n.	United States aviator who held several speed records and headed the women's Air Force pilots in World War II (1910-1980)
cock	n.	obscene terms for penis
cock	n.	faucet consisting of a rotating device for regulating flow of a liquid
cock	n.	the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pulled
cock	n.	adult male chicken
cock	n.	adult male bird
cock	v.	tilt or slant to one side
cock	v.	set the trigger of a firearm back for firing
cock	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
cockade	n.	an ornament (such as a knot of ribbon or a rosette) usually worn on the hat
cockamamie	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
cockatiel	n.	small grey Australian parrot with a yellow crested head
cockatoo	n.	white or light-colored crested parrot of the Australian region; often kept as cage birds
cockatrice	n.	monster hatched by a reptile from a cock's egg; able to kill with a glance
cockchafer	n.	any of various large European beetles destructive to vegetation as both larvae and adult
cockcrow	n.	the first light of day
cockerel	n.	a young domestic cock; not older than one year
cockeyed	adj.	turned or twisted toward one side; - G.K.Chesterton
cockeyed	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
cockeyed	adj.	very drunk
cockfight	n.	a match in a cockpit between two fighting cocks heeled with metal gaffs
cockfighting	n.	participation in the sport of matching gamecocks in a cockfight
cockiness	n.	offensive boldness and assertiveness
cockle	n.	common edible European bivalve
cockle	n.	common edible, burrowing European bivalve mollusk that has a strong, rounded shell with radiating ribs
cockle	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
cockle	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
cockleshell	n.	a small light flimsy boat
cockney	n.	a native of the east end of London
cockney	n.	the nonstandard dialect of natives of the east end of London
cockney	adj.	characteristic of Cockneys or their dialect
cockney	adj.	relating to or resembling a cockney
cockpit	n.	compartment where the pilot sits while flying the aircraft
cockpit	n.	a pit for cockfights
cockpit	n.	seat where the driver sits while driving a racing car
cockroach	n.	any of numerous chiefly nocturnal insects; some are domestic pests
cockscomb	n.	garden annual with featherlike spikes of red or yellow flowers
cockscomb	n.	a conceited dandy who is overly impressed by his own accomplishments
cockscomb	n.	a cap worn by court jesters; adorned with a strip of red
cockscomb	n.	the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds
cocksucker	n.	a person who performs fellatio
cocksucker	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
cocksure	adj.	marked by excessive confidence
cocktail	n.	a short mixed drink
cocktail	n.	an appetizer served as a first course at a meal
cocky	adj.	overly self-confident or self-assertive
coco	n.	tall palm tree bearing coconuts as fruits; widely planted throughout the tropics
cocoa	n.	a beverage made from cocoa powder and milk and sugar; usually drunk hot
cocoa	n.	powder of ground roasted cacao beans with most of the fat removed
coconut	n.	the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and curries
coconut	n.	large hard-shelled oval nut with a fibrous husk containing thick white meat surrounding a central cavity filled (when fresh) with fluid or milk
coconut	n.	tall palm tree bearing coconuts as fruits; widely planted throughout the tropics
cocoon	n.	silky envelope spun by the larvae of many insects to protect pupas and by spiders to protect eggs
cocoon	v.	retreat as if into a cocoon, as from an unfriendly environment
cocoon	v.	wrap in or as if in a cocoon, as for protection
cocteau	n.	French writer and film maker who worked in many artistic media (1889-1963)
cod	n.	the vessel that contains the seeds of a plant (not the seeds themselves)
cod	n.	lean white flesh of important North Atlantic food fish; usually baked or poached
cod	n.	major food fish of Arctic and cold-temperate waters
cod	v.	fool or hoax
cod	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
cod	adj.	payable by the recipient on delivery
cod	adv.	collecting the charges upon delivery
coda	n.	the closing section of a musical composition
codded	v.	fool or hoax
codded	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
codding	v.	fool or hoax
codding	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
coddle	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
coddle	v.	cook in nearly boiling water
code	n.	a set of rules or principles or laws (especially written ones)
code	n.	a coding system used for transmitting messages requiring brevity or secrecy
code	n.	(computer science) the symbolic arrangement of data or instructions in a computer program or the set of such instructions
code	v.	attach a code to
code	v.	convert ordinary language into code
codeine	n.	derivative of opium; used as an antitussive (to relieve coughing) and an analgesic (to relieve pain)
coder	n.	a person who designs and writes and tests computer programs
codex	n.	an official list of chemicals or medicines etc.
codex	n.	an unbound manuscript of some ancient classic (as distinguished from a scroll)
codfish	n.	lean white flesh of important North Atlantic food fish; usually baked or poached
codfish	n.	major food fish of Arctic and cold-temperate waters
codger	n.	used affectionately to refer to an eccentric but amusing old man
codices	n.	an official list of chemicals or medicines etc.
codices	n.	an unbound manuscript of some ancient classic (as distinguished from a scroll)
codicil	n.	a supplement to a will; a testamentary instrument intended to alter an already executed will
codification	n.	the act of codifying; arranging in a systematic order
codification	n.	a set of rules or principles or laws (especially written ones)
codify	v.	organize into a code or system, such as a body of law
codon	n.	a specific sequence of three adjacent nucleotides on a strand of DNA or RNA that specifies the genetic code information for synthesizing a particular amino acid
codpiece	n.	(15th-16th century) a flap for the crotch of men's tight-fitting breeches
codswallop	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
cody	n.	United States showman famous for his Wild West Show (1846-1917)
coeducation	n.	education of men and women in the same institutions
coeducational	adj.	attended by members of both sexes
coefficient	n.	a constant number that serves as a measure of some property or characteristic
coelenterate	n.	radially symmetrical animals having saclike bodies with only one opening and tentacles with stinging structures; they occur in polyp and medusa forms
coenzyme	n.	a small molecule (not a protein but sometimes a vitamin) essential for the activity of some enzymes
coequal	adj.	having the same standing before the law
coerce	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
coercion	n.	the act of compelling by force of authority
coercion	n.	using force to cause something to occur
coeval	n.	a person of nearly the same age as another
coeval	adj.	of the same period
coexist	v.	coexist peacefully, as of nations
coexist	v.	exist together
coexistence	n.	existing peacefully together
coexistent	adj.	existing at the same time
coextensive	adj.	being of equal extent or scope or duration
coffee	n.	a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans
coffee	n.	any of several small trees and shrubs native to the tropical Old World yielding coffee beans
coffee	n.	a seed of the coffee tree; ground to make coffee
coffee	n.	a medium brown to dark-brown color
coffeecake	n.	a cake or sweet bread usually served with coffee
coffeehouse	n.	a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold
coffeepot	n.	tall pot in which coffee is brewed
coffer	n.	an ornamental sunken panel in a ceiling or dome
coffer	n.	a chest especially for storing valuables
cofferdam	n.	large watertight chamber used for construction under water
coffin	n.	box in which a corpse is buried or cremated
coffin	v.	place into a coffin
cog	n.	a subordinate who performs an important but routine function
cog	n.	tooth on the rim of gear wheel
cog	v.	roll steel ingots
cog	v.	join pieces of wood with cogs
cogency	n.	persuasive relevance
cogency	n.	the quality of being valid and rigorous
cogent	adj.	powerfully persuasive
cogitate	v.	consider carefully and deeply; reflect upon; turn over in one's mind
cogitate	v.	use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments
cogitation	n.	a carefully considered thought about something
cogitation	n.	attentive consideration and meditation
cognac	n.	high quality grape brandy distilled in the Cognac district of France
cognate	n.	one related by blood or origin; especially on sharing an ancestor with another
cognate	n.	a word is cognate with another if both derive from the same word in an ancestral language
cognate	adj.	related in nature
cognate	adj.	having the same ancestral language
cognate	adj.	related by blood
cognition	n.	the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning
cognitive	adj.	of or being or relating to or involving cognition
cognizable	adj.	capable of being known
cognizance	n.	having knowledge of
cognizance	n.	range of what one can know or understand
cognizance	n.	range or scope of what is perceived
cognizant	adj.	(sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or realization or perception
cognomen	n.	a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given name)
cognomen	n.	the name used to identify the members of a family (as distinguished from each member's given name)
cognoscente	n.	an expert able to appreciate a field; especially in the fine arts
cogwheel	n.	a toothed wheel that engages another toothed mechanism in order to change the speed or direction of transmitted motion
cohabit	v.	share living quarters; usually said of people who are not married and live together as a couple
cohabitation	n.	the act of living together and having a sexual relationship (especially without being married)
cohan	n.	United States songwriter and playwright famous for his patriotic songs (1878-1942)
cohere	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
cohere	v.	cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole
cohere	v.	have internal elements or parts logically connected so that aesthetic consistency results
coherence	n.	the state of cohering or sticking together
coherence	n.	logical and orderly and consistent relation of parts
coherency	n.	the state of cohering or sticking together
coherency	n.	logical and orderly and consistent relation of parts
coherent	adj.	marked by an orderly, logical, and aesthetically consistent relation of parts
coherent	adj.	capable of thinking and expressing yourself in a clear and consistent manner
coherent	adj.	(physics) of waves having a constant phase relation
coherent	adj.	sticking together
cohesion	n.	the state of cohering or sticking together
cohesion	n.	(botany) the process in some plants of parts growing together that are usually separate (such as petals)
cohesion	n.	(physics) the intermolecular force that holds together the molecules in a solid or liquid
cohesive	adj.	causing cohesion
cohesive	adj.	cohering or tending to cohere; well integrated
cohesiveness	n.	the state of cohering or sticking together
cohesiveness	n.	the property of being cohesive and sticky
coho	n.	fatty pinkish flesh of small salmon caught in the Pacific and Great Lakes
coho	n.	small salmon of northern Pacific coasts and the Great Lakes
cohort	n.	a company of companions or supporters
cohort	n.	a band of warriors (originally a unit of a Roman Legion)
cohort	n.	a group of people having approximately the same age
coif	n.	the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair)
coif	n.	a skullcap worn by nuns under a veil or by soldiers under a hood of mail or formerly by British sergeants-at-law
coif	v.	cover with a coif
coif	v.	arrange attractively
coiffed	v.	cover with a coif
coiffed	v.	arrange attractively
coiffing	v.	cover with a coif
coiffing	v.	arrange attractively
coiffure	n.	the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair)
coiffure	v.	arrange attractively
coil	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
coil	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
coil	n.	a transformer that supplies high voltage to spark plugs in a gasoline engine
coil	n.	a contraceptive device placed inside a woman's womb
coil	n.	tubing that is wound in a spiral
coil	n.	reactor consisting of a spiral of insulated wire that introduces inductance into a circuit
coil	v.	to wind or move in a spiral course
coil	v.	make without a potter's wheel
coil	v.	wind around something in coils or loops
coin	n.	a flat metal piece (usually a disc) used as money
coin	v.	make up
coin	v.	form by stamping, punching, or printing
coinage	n.	coins collectively
coinage	n.	a newly invented word or phrase
coinage	n.	the act of inventing a word or phrase
coincide	v.	go with, fall together
coincide	v.	happen simultaneously
coincide	v.	be the same
coincidence	n.	an event that might have been arranged although it was really accidental
coincidence	n.	the quality of occupying the same position or area in space
coincidence	n.	the temporal property of two things happening at the same time
coincident	adj.	occurring or operating at the same time
coincident	adj.	matching point for point
coincidental	adj.	occurring or operating at the same time
coiner	n.	a maker of counterfeit coins
coiner	n.	someone who is a source of new words or new expressions
coiner	n.	a skilled worker who coins or stamps money
coinsurance	n.	insurance issued jointly by two or more underwriters
coir	n.	stiff coarse fiber from the outer husk of a coconut
coital	adj.	of or relating to coitus or copulation
coitus	n.	the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur
coke	n.	carbon fuel produced by distillation of coal
coke	n.	Coca Cola is a trademarked cola
coke	n.	street names for cocaine
coke	v.	become coke
col	n.	a pass between mountain peaks
cola	n.	large genus of African trees bearing kola nuts
cola	n.	carbonated drink flavored with extract from kola nuts (`dope' is a southernism in the United States)
cola	n.	the part of the large intestine between the cecum and the rectum; it extracts moisture from food residues before they are excreted
cola	n.	the basic unit of money in El Salvador; equal to 100 centavos
cola	n.	the basic unit of money in Costa Rica; equal to 100 centimos
cola	n.	a port city at the Caribbean entrance to the Panama Canal
cola	n.	a punctuation mark (:) used after a word introducing a series or an example or an explanation (or after the salutation of a business letter)
colander	n.	bowl-shaped strainer; used to wash or drain foods
colbert	n.	butter creamed with parsley and tarragon and beef extract
cold	n.	a mild viral infection involving the nose and respiratory passages (but not the lungs)
cold	n.	the absence of heat
cold	n.	the sensation produced by low temperatures
cold	adj.	having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration
cold	adj.	extended meanings; especially of psychological coldness; without human warmth or emotion
cold	adj.	having lost freshness through passage of time
cold	adj.	(color) giving no sensation of warmth
cold	adj.	marked by errorless familiarity
cold	adj.	lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new
cold	adj.	so intense as to be almost uncontrollable
cold	adj.	sexually unresponsive
cold	adj.	without compunction or human feeling
cold	adj.	feeling or showing no enthusiasm
cold	adj.	unconscious from a blow or shock or intoxication
cold	adj.	of a seeker; far from the object sought
cold	adj.	lacking the warmth of life
coldness	n.	the sensation produced by low temperatures
coldness	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
coldness	n.	the absence of heat
cole	n.	a hardy cabbage with coarse curly leaves that do not form a head
cole	n.	coarse curly-leafed cabbage
coleridge	n.	English romantic poet (1772-1834)
coleslaw	n.	basically shredded cabbage
colette	n.	French writer of novels about women (1873-1954)
coleus	n.	any of various Old World tropical plants of the genus Coleus having multicolored decorative leaves and spikes of blue flowers
colic	n.	acute abdominal pain (especially in infants)
colicky	adj.	suffering from excessive gas in the alimentary canal
coliseum	n.	an oval large stadium with tiers of seats; an arena in which contests and spectacles are held
colitis	n.	inflammation of the colon
collaborate	v.	work together on a common enterprise of project
collaborate	v.	cooperate as a traitor
collaboration	n.	act of working jointly
collaboration	n.	act of cooperating traitorously with an enemy that is occupying your country
collaborationist	n.	someone who collaborates with an enemy occupying force
collaborative	adj.	accomplished by collaboration
collaborator	n.	someone who assists in a plot
collaborator	n.	someone who collaborates with an enemy occupying force
collaborator	n.	an associate in an activity or endeavor or sphere of common interest
collage	n.	a paste-up made by sticking together pieces of paper or photographs to form an artistic image
collage	n.	any collection of diverse things
collagen	n.	a fibrous scleroprotein in bone and cartilage and tendon and other connective tissue; yields gelatin on boiling
collapse	n.	an abrupt failure of function or complete physical exhaustion
collapse	n.	a natural event caused by something suddenly falling down or caving in
collapse	n.	the act of throwing yourself down
collapse	n.	a sudden large decline of business or the prices of stocks (especially one that causes additional failures)
collapse	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
collapse	v.	collapse due to fatigue, an illness, or a sudden attack
collapse	v.	fold or close up
collapse	v.	fall apart
collapse	v.	cause to burst
collapse	v.	suffer a nervous breakdown
collapse	v.	lose significance, effectiveness, or value
collapsible	adj.	capable of collapsing or being collapsed
collar	n.	a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over
collar	n.	(zoology) an encircling band or marking around the neck of any animal
collar	n.	anything worn or placed about the neck
collar	n.	a short ring fastened over a rod or shaft to limit, guide, or secure a machine part
collar	n.	the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot
collar	n.	a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it
collar	n.	necklace that fits tightly around a woman's neck
collar	n.	a figurative restraint
collar	n.	the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal)
collar	v.	take into custody
collar	v.	seize by the neck or collar
collar	v.	furnish with a collar
collarbone	n.	bone linking the scapula and sternum
collard	n.	variety of kale having smooth leaves
collarless	adj.	without a collar
collate	v.	compare critically; of texts
collate	v.	to assemble in proper sequence
collateral	n.	a security pledged for the repayment of a loan
collateral	adj.	descended from a common ancestor but through different lines
collateral	adj.	serving to support or corroborate
collateral	adj.	accompany, concomitant
collateral	adj.	situated or running side by side
collateralize	v.	pledge as a collateral
collation	n.	a light informal meal
collation	n.	assembling in proper numerical or logical sequence
collation	n.	careful examination and comparison to note points of disagreement
colleague	n.	an associate that one works with
colleague	n.	a person who is member of one's class or profession
collect	n.	a short prayer generally preceding the lesson in the Church of Rome or the Church of England
collect	v.	get or gather together
collect	v.	call for and obtain payment of
collect	v.	assemble or get together
collect	v.	get or bring together
collect	v.	gather or collect
collect	adj.	payable by the recipient on delivery
collect	adv.	make a telephone call or mail a package so that the recipient pays
collected	v.	get or gather together
collected	v.	call for and obtain payment of
collected	v.	assemble or get together
collected	v.	get or bring together
collected	v.	gather or collect
collected	adj.	brought together in one place
collected	adj.	in full control of your faculties
collectedly	adv.	in a self-collected or self-possessed manner
collectible	n.	things considered to be worth collecting (not necessarily valuable or antique)
collectible	adj.	subject to or requiring payment especially as specified
collection	n.	several things grouped together or considered as a whole
collection	n.	a publication containing a variety of works
collection	n.	request for a sum of money
collection	n.	the act of gathering something together
collective	n.	members of a cooperative enterprise
collective	adj.	done by or characteristic of individuals acting together
collective	adj.	forming a whole or aggregate
collective	adj.	set up on the principle of collectivism or ownership and production by the workers involved usually under the supervision of a government
collectivism	n.	Soviet communism
collectivism	n.	a political theory that the people should own the means of production
collectivist	n.	a person who belongs to the political left
collectivist	adj.	subscribing to the socialistic doctrine of ownership by the people collectively
collectivization	n.	the organization of a nation or economy on the basis of collectivism
collectivize	v.	bring under collective control; of farms and industrial enterprises
collector	n.	a person who collects things
collector	n.	a person who is employed to collect payments (as for rent or taxes)
collector	n.	a crater that has collected cosmic material hitting the earth
collector	n.	the electrode in a transistor through which a primary flow of carriers leaves the region between the electrodes
colleen	n.	an Irish girl
college	n.	the body of faculty and students of a college
college	n.	an institution of higher education created to educate and grant degrees; often a part of a university
college	n.	a complex of buildings in which an institution of higher education is housed
collegian	n.	a student (or former student) at a college or university
collegiate	adj.	of or resembling or typical of a college or college students
collide	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
collide	v.	cause to collide
collide	v.	crash together with violent impact
collie	n.	a silky-coated sheepdog with a long ruff and long narrow head developed in Scotland
collier	n.	someone who works in a coal mine
colliery	n.	a workplace consisting of a coal mine plus all the buildings and equipment connected with it
collins	n.	English writer noted for early detective novels (1824-1889)
collins	n.	tall iced drink of liquor (usually gin) with fruit juice
collision	n.	(physics) a brief event in which two or more bodies come together
collision	n.	an accident resulting from violent impact of a moving object
collision	n.	a conflict of opposed ideas or attitudes or goals
collocate	v.	have a strong tendency to occur side by side
collocate	v.	group or chunk together in a certain order or place side by side
collocation	n.	a grouping of words in a sentence
collocation	n.	the act of positioning close together (or side by side)
colloid	n.	a mixture with properties between those of a solution and fine suspension
colloidal	adj.	of or relating to or having the properties of a colloid
colloquial	adj.	characteristic of informal spoken language or conversation
colloquialism	n.	a colloquial expression; characteristic of spoken or written communication that seeks to imitate informal speech
colloquies	n.	a conversation especially a formal one
colloquies	n.	formal conversation
colloquium	n.	an academic meeting or seminar usually led by a different lecturer and on a different topic at each meeting
colloquium	n.	an address to an academic meeting or seminar
colloquy	n.	a conversation especially a formal one
colloquy	n.	formal conversation
collude	v.	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose
collusion	n.	secret agreement
collusion	n.	agreement on a secret plot
collusive	adj.	acting together in secret toward a fraudulent or illegal end
cologne	n.	a commercial center and river port in western Germany on the Rhine River; flourished during the 15th century as a member of the Hanseatic League
cologne	n.	a perfumed liquid made of essential oils and alcohol
colombia	n.	a republic in northwestern South America with a coastline on the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea; achieved independence from Spain in 1821 under the leadership of Simon Bolivar; Spanish is the official language
colombian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Colombia
colombian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Colombia or its people
colombo	n.	the capital and largest city of Sri Lanka; has one of the largest harbors in the world; is located on the western coast of the island of Ceylon
colon	n.	the part of the large intestine between the cecum and the rectum; it extracts moisture from food residues before they are excreted
colon	n.	the basic unit of money in El Salvador; equal to 100 centavos
colon	n.	the basic unit of money in Costa Rica; equal to 100 centimos
colon	n.	a port city at the Caribbean entrance to the Panama Canal
colon	n.	a punctuation mark (:) used after a word introducing a series or an example or an explanation (or after the salutation of a business letter)
colonel	n.	a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Marines who ranks above a lieutenant colonel and below a brigadier general
colones	n.	the part of the large intestine between the cecum and the rectum; it extracts moisture from food residues before they are excreted
colones	n.	the basic unit of money in El Salvador; equal to 100 centavos
colones	n.	the basic unit of money in Costa Rica; equal to 100 centimos
colones	n.	a port city at the Caribbean entrance to the Panama Canal
colones	n.	a punctuation mark (:) used after a word introducing a series or an example or an explanation (or after the salutation of a business letter)
colonial	n.	a resident of a colony
colonial	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of or inhabiting a colony
colonial	adj.	of animals who live in colonies, such as ants
colonial	adj.	composed of many distinct individuals united to form a whole or colony
colonialism	n.	exploitation by a stronger country of weaker one; the use of the weaker country's resources to strengthen and enrich the stronger country
colonialist	n.	a believer in colonialism
colonist	n.	a person who settles in a new colony or moves into new country
colonization	n.	the act of colonizing; the establishment of colonies
colonize	v.	settle as a colony; of countries in the developing world
colonize	v.	settle as colonists or establish a colony (in)
colonizer	n.	someone who helps to found a colony
colonnade	n.	structure consisting of a row of evenly spaced columns
colonnade	n.	a structure composed of a series of arches supported by columns
colonoscopy	n.	visual examination of the colon (with a colonoscope) from the cecum to the rectum; requires sedation
colony	n.	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government
colony	n.	a group of organisms of the same type living or growing together
colony	n.	one of the 13 British colonies that formed the original states of the United States
colony	n.	a place where a group of people with the same interest or occupation are concentrated
colony	n.	a geographical area politically controlled by a distant country
colony	n.	(microbiology) a group of organisms grown from a single parent cell
colophon	n.	a publisher's emblem printed in a book (usually on the title page)
color	n.	a visual attribute of things that results from the light they emit or transmit or reflect
color	n.	interest and variety and intensity
color	n.	the timbre of a musical sound
color	n.	a race with skin pigmentation different from the white race (especially Blacks)
color	n.	an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading
color	n.	any material used for its color
color	n.	(physics) the characteristic of quarks that determines their role in the strong interaction
color	n.	the appearance of objects (or light sources) described in terms of a person's perception of their hue and lightness (or brightness) and saturation
color	v.	add color to
color	v.	affect as in thought or feeling
color	v.	modify or bias
color	v.	decorate with colors
color	v.	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for
color	v.	change color, often in an undesired manner
color	adj.	having or capable of producing colors
coloradan	n.	a native or resident of Colorado
colorado	n.	a state in west central United States in the Rocky Mountains
colorado	n.	a river in Texas; flows southeast into the Gulf of Mexico
colorado	n.	an important river in the southwestern United States; rises in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado and flows southwest through Utah into Arizona (where it flows through the Grand Canyon) and then southward through the southern tip of Nevada, then forming the border between California and Arizona and finally into Mexico where it empties into the Gulf of California; the main source of water in the southwestern United States
coloration	n.	the timbre of a musical sound
coloration	n.	appearance with regard to color
coloration	n.	choice and use of colors (as by an artist)
coloratura	n.	a lyric soprano who specializes in coloratura vocal music
coloratura	n.	singing with florid ornamentation
colored	n.	a United States term for Blacks that is now considered offensive
colored	v.	add color to
colored	v.	affect as in thought or feeling
colored	v.	modify or bias
colored	v.	decorate with colors
colored	v.	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for
colored	v.	change color, often in an undesired manner
colored	adj.	having color or a certain color; sometimes used in combination
colored	adj.	having skin rich in melanin pigments
colored	adj.	favoring one person or side over another
colored	adj.	(used of color) artificially produced; not natural
coloreds	n.	a United States term for Blacks that is now considered offensive
colorfast	adj.	having color that is resistant to fading or running
colorful	adj.	having striking color
colorful	adj.	striking in variety and interest
colorful	adj.	having color or a certain color; sometimes used in combination
colorist	n.	a painter able to achieve special effects with color
colorize	v.	add color to
colorless	adj.	lacking in variety and interest
colorless	adj.	weak in color; not colorful
colorlessness	n.	the visual property of being without chromatic color
colossal	adj.	so great in size or force or extent as to elicit awe
colosseum	n.	a large amphitheater in Rome whose construction was begun by Vespasian about AD 75 or 80
colossi	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
colossi	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
colossus	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
colossus	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
colostomy	n.	a surgical operation that creates an opening from the colon to the surface of the body to function as an anus
colostrum	n.	milky fluid secreted for the first day or two after parturition
colt	n.	a young male horse under the age of four
colt	n.	a kind of revolver
coltish	adj.	given to merry frolicking
columbia	n.	a North American river; rises in southwestern Canada and flows southward across Washington to form the border between Washington and Oregon before emptying into the Pacific; known for its salmon runs in the spring
columbia	n.	a town in west central Tennessee
columbia	n.	capital and largest city in South Carolina; located in central South Carolina
columbia	n.	a university town in central Missouri
columbia	n.	a university in New York City
columbine	n.	a plant of the genus Aquilegia having irregular showy spurred flowers; north temperate regions especially mountains
columbus	n.	the state capital of Ohio; located in the center of the state; site of Ohio State University
columbus	n.	Italian navigator who discovered the New World in the service of Spain while looking for a route to China (1451-1506)
columbus	n.	a town in eastern Mississippi near the border with Alabama
columbus	n.	a city in western Georgia on the Chattahoochee River; industrial center
column	n.	a line of units following one after another
column	n.	a vertical glass tube used in column chromatography; a mixture is poured in the top and washed through a stationary substance where components of the mixture are adsorbed selectively to form colored bands
column	n.	a vertical array of numbers or other information
column	n.	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower
column	n.	an article giving opinions or perspectives
column	n.	a vertical cylindrical structure standing alone and not supporting anything (such as a monument)
column	n.	(architecture) a tall vertical cylindrical structure standing upright and used to support a structure
column	n.	a page or text that is vertically divided
column	n.	any tubular or pillar-like supporting structure in the body
columnar	adj.	having the form of a column
columnar	adj.	characterized by columns
columnist	n.	a journalist who writes editorials
coma	n.	a state of deep and often prolonged unconsciousness; usually the result of disease or injury
coma	n.	(botany) a usually terminal tuft of bracts (as in the pineapple) or tuft of hairs (especially on certain seeds)
coma	n.	(astronomy) the luminous cloud of particles surrounding the frozen nucleus of a comet; forms as the comet approaches the sun and is warmed
comanche	n.	a member of the Shoshonean people who formerly lived between Wyoming and the Mexican border but are now chiefly in Oklahoma
comanche	n.	the Shoshonean language spoken by the Comanche
comatose	adj.	relating to or associated with a coma
comatose	adj.	in a state of deep and usually prolonged unconsciousness; unable to respond to external stimuli
comb	n.	a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges hair
comb	n.	the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds
comb	n.	any of several tools for straightening fibers
comb	n.	ciliated comb-like swimming plate of a ctenophore
comb	n.	the act of drawing a comb through hair
comb	v.	straighten with a comb
comb	v.	search thoroughly
comb	v.	smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb
combat	n.	an engagement fought between two military forces
combat	n.	the act of fighting; any contest or struggle
combat	v.	battle or contend against in or as if in a battle
combatant	n.	someone who fights (or is fighting)
combatant	adj.	engaging in or ready for combat
combativeness	n.	a militant aggressiveness
combed	v.	straighten with a comb
combed	v.	search thoroughly
combed	v.	smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb
combed	adj.	(of hair) made tidy with a comb
comber	n.	a person who separates and straightens the fibers of cotton or wool
comber	n.	a long curling sea wave
comber	n.	a machine that separates and straightens the fibers of cotton or wool
combination	n.	a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities
combination	n.	a coordinated sequence of chess moves
combination	n.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock
combination	n.	a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose
combination	n.	an alliance of people or corporations or countries for a special purpose (formerly to achieve some antisocial end but now for general political or economic purposes)
combination	n.	the act of arranging elements into specified groups without regard to order
combination	n.	the act of combining things to form a new whole
combine	n.	harvester that heads and threshes and cleans grain while moving across the field
combine	n.	a consortium of independent organizations formed to limit competition by controlling the production and distribution of a product or service
combine	n.	an occurrence that results in things being united
combine	v.	have or possess in combination
combine	v.	put or add together
combine	v.	combine so as to form a whole; mix
combine	v.	add together from different sources
combine	v.	join for a common purpose or in a common action
combine	v.	gather in a mass, sum, or whole
combine	v.	mix together different elements
combined	v.	have or possess in combination
combined	v.	put or add together
combined	v.	combine so as to form a whole; mix
combined	v.	add together from different sources
combined	v.	join for a common purpose or in a common action
combined	v.	gather in a mass, sum, or whole
combined	v.	mix together different elements
combined	adj.	made or joined or united into one
combings	n.	the act of drawing a comb through hair
combo	n.	a small band of jazz musicians
combs	n.	a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges hair
combs	n.	the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds
combs	n.	any of several tools for straightening fibers
combs	n.	ciliated comb-like swimming plate of a ctenophore
combs	n.	the act of drawing a comb through hair
combs	v.	straighten with a comb
combs	v.	search thoroughly
combs	v.	smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb
combust	v.	cause to burn or combust
combust	v.	start to burn or burst into flames
combust	v.	get very angry and fly into a rage
combust	v.	cause to become violent or angry
combust	v.	undergo combustion
combustibility	n.	the quality of being capable of igniting and burning
combustible	n.	a substance that can be burned to provide heat or power
combustible	adj.	capable of igniting and burning
combustion	n.	a process in which a substance reacts with oxygen to give heat and light
combustion	n.	a state of violent disturbance and excitement
combustion	n.	the act of burning something
come	n.	the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract
come	v.	move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody
come	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
come	v.	come to pass; arrive, as in due course
come	v.	reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position
come	v.	to be the product or result
come	v.	be found or available
come	v.	come forth
come	v.	be a native of
come	v.	extend or reach
come	v.	exist or occur in a certain point in a series
come	v.	cover a certain distance
come	v.	come under, be classified or included
come	v.	happen as a result
come	v.	add up in number or quantity
come	v.	develop into
come	v.	be received
come	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
come	v.	come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example
come	v.	proceed or get along
come	v.	experience orgasm
come	v.	have a certain priority
comeback	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
comeback	n.	return by a celebrity to some previously successful activity
comedian	n.	a professional performer who tells jokes and performs comical acts
comedian	n.	an actor in a comedy
comedienne	n.	a female actor in a comedy
comedienne	n.	a female comedian
comedown	n.	decline to a lower status or level
comedy	n.	light and humorous drama with a happy ending
comedy	n.	a comic incident or series of incidents
comeliness	n.	the quality of being good looking and attractive
comely	adj.	according with custom or propriety
comely	adj.	very pleasing to the eye
comestible	n.	any substance that can be used as food
comestible	adj.	suitable for use as food
comet	n.	(astronomy) a relatively small extraterrestrial body consisting of a frozen mass that travels around the sun in a highly elliptical orbit
comeuppance	n.	an outcome (good or bad) that is well deserved
comfit	n.	candy containing a fruit or nut
comfit	v.	make into a confection
comfort	n.	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain
comfort	n.	a feeling of freedom from worry or disappointment
comfort	n.	the act of consoling; giving relief in affliction
comfort	n.	a freedom from financial difficulty that promotes a comfortable state
comfort	n.	satisfaction or physical well-being provided by a person or thing
comfort	n.	bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched together
comfort	n.	assistance, such as that provided to an enemy or to a known criminal
comfort	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
comfort	v.	lessen pain or discomfort; alleviate
comfortable	adj.	providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)
comfortable	adj.	free from stress or conducive to mental ease; having or affording peace of mind
comfortable	adj.	more than adequate
comfortable	adj.	sufficient to provide comfort
comfortable	adj.	in fortunate circumstances financially; moderately rich
comfortableness	n.	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain
comfortableness	n.	a feeling of being at ease in a relationship
comfortably	adv.	in mental comfort; without stress
comfortably	adv.	in physical comfort
comfortably	adv.	in financial comfort
comforter	n.	commiserates with someone who has had misfortune
comforter	n.	a person who reduces the intensity (e.g., of fears) and calms and pacifies
comforter	n.	bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched together
comforter	n.	device used for an infant to suck or bite on
comforting	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
comforting	v.	lessen pain or discomfort; alleviate
comforting	adj.	providing freedom from worry
comforting	adj.	affording comfort or solace
comfortless	adj.	without comfort
comfy	adj.	providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal)
comic	n.	a professional performer who tells jokes and performs comical acts
comic	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
comic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of comedy
comical	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
comicality	n.	the quality of being comical
coming	n.	the act of drawing spatially closer to something
coming	n.	arrival that has been awaited (especially of something momentous)
coming	n.	the temporal property of becoming nearer in time
coming	n.	the moment of most intense pleasure in sexual intercourse
coming	v.	move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody
coming	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
coming	v.	come to pass; arrive, as in due course
coming	v.	reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position
coming	v.	to be the product or result
coming	v.	be found or available
coming	v.	come forth
coming	v.	be a native of
coming	v.	extend or reach
coming	v.	exist or occur in a certain point in a series
coming	v.	cover a certain distance
coming	v.	come under, be classified or included
coming	v.	happen as a result
coming	v.	add up in number or quantity
coming	v.	develop into
coming	v.	be received
coming	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
coming	v.	come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example
coming	v.	proceed or get along
coming	v.	experience orgasm
coming	v.	have a certain priority
coming	adj.	of the relatively near future
comity	n.	a state or atmosphere of harmony or mutual civility and respect
comma	n.	a punctuation mark (,) used to indicate the separation of elements within the grammatical structure of a sentence
comma	n.	anglewing butterfly with a comma-shaped mark on the underside of each hind wing
command	n.	an authoritative direction or instruction to do something
command	n.	a military unit or region under the control of a single officer
command	n.	the power or authority to command
command	n.	availability for use
command	n.	a position of highest authority
command	n.	great skillfulness and knowledge of some subject or activity
command	n.	(computer science) a line of code written as part of a computer program
command	v.	be in command of
command	v.	make someone do something
command	v.	demand as one's due
command	v.	look down on
command	v.	exercise authoritative control or power over
commandant	n.	an officer in command of a military unit
commandeer	v.	take arbitrarily or by force
commander	n.	an officer in command of a military unit
commander	n.	someone in an official position of authority who can command or control others
commander	n.	a commissioned naval officer who ranks above a lieutenant commander and below a captain
commander	n.	an officer in the airforce
commandment	n.	something that is commanded
commandment	n.	a doctrine that is taught
commando	n.	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids
commando	n.	an amphibious military unit trained for raids into enemy territory
commemorate	v.	mark by some ceremony or observation
commemorate	v.	call to remembrance; keep alive the memory of someone or something, as in a ceremony
commemorate	v.	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
commemoration	n.	a ceremony to honor the memory of someone or something
commemoration	n.	a recognition of meritorious service
commence	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
commence	v.	set in motion, cause to start
commence	v.	get off the ground
commencement	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
commencement	n.	an academic exercise in which diplomas are conferred
commencement	n.	the act of starting something
commencements	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
commencements	n.	an academic exercise in which diplomas are conferred
commencements	n.	the act of starting something
commend	v.	express approval of
commend	v.	present as worthy of regard, kindness, or confidence
commend	v.	give to in charge
commend	v.	express a good opinion of
commend	v.	mention as by way of greeting or to indicate friendship
commendation	n.	an official award (as for bravery or service) usually given as formal public statement
commendation	n.	a message expressing a favorable opinion
commensurable	adj.	capable of being measured by a common standard
commensurate	adj.	corresponding in size or degree or extent
comment	n.	a statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or adds information
comment	n.	a written explanation or criticism or illustration that is added to a book or other textual material
comment	n.	a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people
comment	v.	make or write a comment on
comment	v.	explain or interpret something
comment	v.	provide interlinear explanations for words or phrases
commentary	n.	a written explanation or criticism or illustration that is added to a book or other textual material
commentate	v.	make a commentary on
commentate	v.	serve as a commentator, as in sportscasting
commentator	n.	an expert who observes and comments on something
commentator	n.	a writer who reports and analyzes events of the day
commerce	n.	transactions (sales and purchases) having the objective of supplying commodities (goods and services)
commerce	n.	the United States federal department that promotes and administers domestic and foreign trade (including management of the census and the patent office); created in 1913
commerce	n.	social exchange, especially of opinions, attitudes, etc.
commercial	n.	a commercially sponsored ad on radio or television
commercial	adj.	connected with or engaged in or sponsored by or used in commerce or commercial enterprises
commercial	adj.	of or relating to commercialism
commercial	adj.	of the kind or quality used in commerce; average or inferior
commercialism	n.	transactions (sales and purchases) having the objective of supplying commodities (goods and services)
commercialization	n.	the act of commercializing something; involving something in commerce
commercialize	v.	exploit for maximal profit, usually by sacrificing quality
commercialize	v.	make commercial
commie	n.	a socialist who advocates communism
commingle	v.	mix or blend
commingle	v.	mix together different elements
commiserate	v.	to feel or express sympathy or compassion
commiseration	n.	a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others
commiseration	n.	an expression of sympathy with another's grief
commissar	n.	an official of the Communist Party who was assigned to teach party principles to a military unit
commissariat	n.	a stock or supply of foods
commissary	n.	a retail store that sells equipment and provisions (usually to military personnel)
commissary	n.	a snack bar in a film studio
commission	n.	a special group delegated to consider some matter;  - Milton Berle
commission	n.	a fee for services rendered based on a percentage of an amount received or collected or agreed to be paid (as distinguished from a salary)
commission	n.	the act of granting authority to undertake certain functions
commission	n.	the state of being in good working order and ready for operation
commission	n.	a group of representatives or delegates
commission	n.	a formal statement of a command or injunction to do something
commission	n.	an official document issued by a government and conferring on the recipient the rank of an officer in the armed forces
commission	n.	the act of committing a crime
commission	n.	a special assignment that is given to a person or group
commission	v.	put into commission; equip for service; of ships
commission	v.	place an order for
commission	v.	charge with a task
commissionaire	n.	a uniformed doorman
commissioner	n.	a government administrator
commissioner	n.	a member of a commission
commit	v.	perform an act, usually with a negative connotation
commit	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
commit	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
commit	v.	confer a trust upon
commit	v.	make an investment
commit	v.	engage in or perform
commitment	n.	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose
commitment	n.	the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
commitment	n.	an engagement by contract involving financial obligation
commitment	n.	a message that makes a pledge
commitment	n.	the official act of consigning a person to confinement (as in a prison or mental hospital)
committal	n.	the official act of consigning a person to confinement (as in a prison or mental hospital)
committal	n.	the act of committing a crime
committed	v.	perform an act, usually with a negative connotation
committed	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
committed	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
committed	v.	confer a trust upon
committed	v.	make an investment
committed	v.	engage in or perform
committed	adj.	bound or obligated, as under a pledge to a particular cause, action, or attitude
committed	adj.	associated in an exclusive sexual relationship
committee	n.	a special group delegated to consider some matter;  - Milton Berle
committee	n.	a self-constituted organization to promote something
committeeman	n.	a man who is a member of committee
committeemen	n.	a man who is a member of committee
committeewoman	n.	a woman who is a member of a committee
committeewomen	n.	a woman who is a member of a committee
committing	v.	perform an act, usually with a negative connotation
committing	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
committing	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
committing	v.	confer a trust upon
committing	v.	make an investment
committing	v.	engage in or perform
commode	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
commode	n.	a tall elegant chest of drawers
commodious	adj.	large and roomy (`convenient' is archaic in this sense)
commodity	n.	articles of commerce
commodore	n.	a commissioned naval officer who ranks above a captain and below a rear admiral; the lowest grade of admiral
common	n.	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area
common	adj.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public
common	adj.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual
common	adj.	common to or shared by two or more parties
common	adj.	commonly encountered
common	adj.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language
common	adj.	of or associated with the great masses of people
common	adj.	of low or inferior quality or value; - Shakespeare
common	adj.	lacking refinement or cultivation or taste
common	adj.	to be expected; standard
commonality	n.	a class composed of persons lacking clerical or noble rank
commonality	n.	sharing of common attributes
commonalty	n.	a class composed of persons lacking clerical or noble rank
commoner	n.	a person who holds no title
commoner	adj.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public
commoner	adj.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual
commoner	adj.	common to or shared by two or more parties
commoner	adj.	commonly encountered
commoner	adj.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language
commoner	adj.	of or associated with the great masses of people
commoner	adj.	of low or inferior quality or value; - Shakespeare
commoner	adj.	lacking refinement or cultivation or taste
commoner	adj.	to be expected; standard
commonness	n.	the state of being that is commonly observed
commonness	n.	the quality of lacking taste and refinement
commonness	n.	ordinariness as a consequence of being frequent and commonplace
commonness	n.	sharing of common attributes
commonplace	n.	a trite or obvious remark
commonplace	adj.	completely ordinary and unremarkable
commonplace	adj.	not challenging; dull and lacking excitement
commonplace	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
commons	n.	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area
commons	n.	a pasture subject to common use
commons	n.	a class composed of persons lacking clerical or noble rank
commons	n.	the common people
commonsense	adj.	exhibiting native good judgment
commonweal	n.	the good of a community
commonwealth	n.	the official name of some states in the United States (Massachusetts and Pennsylvania and Virginia and Kentucky) and associated territories (Puerto Rico)
commonwealth	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
commonwealth	n.	a world organization of autonomous states that are united in allegiance to a central power but are not subordinate to it or to one another
commonwealth	n.	a political system in which the supreme power lies in a body of citizens who can elect people to represent them
commonwealths	n.	the official name of some states in the United States (Massachusetts and Pennsylvania and Virginia and Kentucky) and associated territories (Puerto Rico)
commonwealths	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
commonwealths	n.	a world organization of autonomous states that are united in allegiance to a central power but are not subordinate to it or to one another
commonwealths	n.	a political system in which the supreme power lies in a body of citizens who can elect people to represent them
commotion	n.	a disorderly outburst or tumult
commotion	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
commotion	n.	confused movement
communal	adj.	for or by a group rather than individuals; - Paul Roche
communal	adj.	relating to a small administrative district or community
commune	n.	the smallest administrative district of several European countries
commune	n.	a body of people or families living together and sharing everything
commune	v.	communicate intimately with; be in a state of heightened, intimate receptivity
commune	v.	receive Communion, in the Catholic church
communicable	adj.	(of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection
communicable	adj.	readily communicated
communicant	n.	a person entitled to receive Communion
communicate	v.	transmit information
communicate	v.	transmit thoughts or feelings
communicate	v.	transfer to another
communicate	v.	join or connect
communicate	v.	be in verbal contact; interchange information or ideas
communicate	v.	administer Communion; in church
communicate	v.	receive Communion, in the Catholic church
communication	n.	the activity of communicating; the activity of conveying information
communication	n.	something that is communicated by or to or between people or groups
communication	n.	a connection allowing access between persons or places
communicative	adj.	of or relating to communication
communicative	adj.	able or tending to communicate; - W.M.Thackeray
communicator	n.	a person who communicates with others
communion	n.	the act of participating in the celebration of the Eucharist
communion	n.	sharing thoughts and feelings
communion	n.	(Christianity) a group of Christians with a common religious faith who practice the same rites
communique	n.	an official report (usually sent in haste)
communism	n.	a form of socialism that abolishes private ownership
communism	n.	a political theory favoring collectivism in a classless society
communist	n.	a member of the communist party
communist	n.	a socialist who advocates communism
communist	adj.	relating to or marked by communism
communistic	adj.	relating to or marked by communism
community	n.	a group of people living in a particular local area
community	n.	common ownership
community	n.	a group of nations having common interests
community	n.	agreement as to goals
community	n.	a district where people live; occupied primarily by private residences
community	n.	(ecology) a group of interdependent organisms inhabiting the same region and interacting with each other
commutation	n.	the travel of a commuter
commutation	n.	a warrant substituting a lesser punishment for a greater one
commutation	n.	(law) the reduction in severity of a punishment imposed by law
commutation	n.	the act of putting one thing or person in the place of another:
commutative	adj.	(of a binary operation) independent of order; as in e.g.
commutator	n.	switch for reversing the direction of an electric current
commute	n.	a regular journey of some distance to and from your place of work
commute	v.	exchange positions without a change in value
commute	v.	travel back and forth regularly, as between one's place of work and home
commute	v.	change the order or arrangement of
commute	v.	exchange a penalty for a less severe one
commute	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
commuter	n.	a passenger train that is ridden primarily by passengers who travel regularly from one place to another
commuter	n.	someone who travels regularly from home in a suburb to work in a city
comoros	n.	a country on the Comoro Islands
comp	n.	an intensive examination testing a student's proficiency in some special field of knowledge
compact	n.	a small cosmetics case with a mirror; to be carried in a woman's purse
compact	n.	a signed written agreement between two or more parties (nations) to perform some action
compact	n.	a small and economical car
compact	v.	have the property of being packable or of compacting easily
compact	v.	compress into a wad
compact	v.	make more compact by or as if by pressing
compact	v.	squeeze or press together
compact	adj.	closely and firmly united or packed together
compact	adj.	having a short and solid form or stature
compact	adj.	briefly giving the gist of something
compaction	n.	an increase in the density of something
compaction	n.	the act of crushing
compactness	n.	the spatial property of being crowded together
compactness	n.	the consistency of a compact solid
companion	n.	a friend who is frequently in the company of another
companion	n.	a traveler who accompanies you
companion	n.	one paid to accompany or assist or live with another
companion	v.	be a companion to somebody
companionship	n.	the state of being with someone
companionway	n.	a stairway or ladder that leads from one deck to another on a ship
company	n.	an institution created to conduct business
company	n.	small military unit; usually two or three platoons
company	n.	the state of being with someone
company	n.	organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical)
company	n.	a social or business visitor
company	n.	a social gathering of guests or companions
company	n.	a band of people associated temporarily in some activity
company	n.	crew of a ship including the officers; the whole force or personnel of a ship
company	n.	a unit of firefighters including their equipment
company	v.	be a companion to somebody
comparability	n.	qualities that are comparable
comparable	adj.	able to be compared or worthy of comparison
comparable	adj.	conforming in every respect
comparably	adv.	in a comparable manner or to a comparable degree
comparative	n.	the comparative form of an adjective or adverb
comparative	adj.	relating to or based on or involving comparison
comparative	adj.	estimated by comparison; not absolute or complete
compare	n.	qualities that are comparable
compare	v.	examine and note the similarities or differences of
compare	v.	be comparable
compare	v.	consider or describe as similar, equal, or analogous
compare	v.	to form the comparative or superlative form on an adjective or adverb
comparison	n.	the act of examining resemblances
comparison	n.	relation based on similarities and differences
comparison	n.	qualities that are comparable
compartment	n.	a space into which an area is subdivided
compartment	n.	a partitioned section, chamber, or separate room within a larger enclosed area
compartmental	adj.	divided up into compartments or categories
compartmentalization	n.	a mild state of dissociation
compartmentalization	n.	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type
compartmentalize	v.	separate into isolated compartments or categories
compass	n.	navigational instrument for finding directions
compass	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
compass	n.	the limit of capability
compass	n.	drafting instrument used for drawing circles
compass	v.	bring about; accomplish
compass	v.	travel around, either by plane or ship
compass	v.	get the meaning of something
compassion	n.	a deep awareness of and sympathy for another's suffering
compassion	n.	the humane quality of understanding the suffering of others and wanting to do something about it
compassionate	v.	share the suffering of
compassionate	adj.	showing or having compassion
compatibility	n.	a feeling of sympathetic understanding
compatibility	n.	capability of existing or performing in harmonious or congenial combination
compatible	adj.	able to exist and perform in harmonious or agreeable combination
compatible	adj.	capable of being used with or connected to other devices or components without modification
compatible	adj.	capable of forming a homogeneous mixture that neither separates nor is altered by chemical interaction
compatibly	adv.	with compatibility
compatriot	n.	a person from your own country
compeer	n.	a person who is of equal standing with another in a group
compel	v.	force somebody to do something
compel	v.	necessitate or exact
compelled	v.	force somebody to do something
compelled	v.	necessitate or exact
compelling	v.	force somebody to do something
compelling	v.	necessitate or exact
compelling	adj.	driving or forcing
compelling	adj.	tending to persuade by forcefulness of argument
compendious	adj.	briefly giving the gist of something
compendium	n.	a publication containing a variety of works
compendium	n.	a concise but comprehensive summary of a larger work
compensate	v.	adjust for
compensate	v.	make amends for; pay compensation for
compensate	v.	make up for shortcomings or a feeling of inferiority by exaggerating good qualities
compensate	v.	make reparations or amends for
compensate	v.	do or give something to somebody in return
compensate	v.	make payment to; compensate
compensated	v.	adjust for
compensated	v.	make amends for; pay compensation for
compensated	v.	make up for shortcomings or a feeling of inferiority by exaggerating good qualities
compensated	v.	make reparations or amends for
compensated	v.	do or give something to somebody in return
compensated	v.	make payment to; compensate
compensated	adj.	receiving or eligible for compensation
compensation	n.	something (such as money) given or received as payment or reparation (as for a service or loss or injury)
compensation	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism that conceals your undesirable shortcomings by exaggerating desirable behaviors
compensation	n.	the act of compensating for service or loss or injury
compere	n.	British term for someone who introduces television acts or cabarets etc
compere	v.	act as a master of ceremonies
compete	v.	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others
competence	n.	the quality of being adequately or well qualified physically and intellectually
competences	n.	the quality of being adequately or well qualified physically and intellectually
competencies	n.	the quality of being adequately or well qualified physically and intellectually
competency	n.	the quality of being adequately or well qualified physically and intellectually
competent	adj.	properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
competent	adj.	adequate for the purpose
competent	adj.	legally qualified or sufficient
competition	n.	a business relation in which two parties compete to gain customers
competition	n.	an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants
competition	n.	the act of competing as for profit or a prize
competition	n.	the contestant you hope to defeat
competitive	adj.	involving competition or competitiveness
competitive	adj.	subscribing to capitalistic competition
competitive	adj.	showing a fighting disposition
competitiveness	n.	an aggressive willingness to compete
competitor	n.	the contestant you hope to defeat
compilation	n.	something that is compiled (as into a single book or file)
compilation	n.	the act of compiling (as into a single book or file or list)
compile	v.	get or gather together
compile	v.	put together out of existing material
compile	v.	use a computer program to translate source code written in a particular programming language into computer-readable machine code that can be executed
compiler	n.	a person who compiles information (as for reference purposes)
compiler	n.	(computer science) a program that decodes instructions written in a higher order language and produces an assembly language program
complacence	n.	the feeling you have when you are satisfied with yourself
complacency	n.	the feeling you have when you are satisfied with yourself
complacent	adj.	contented to a fault with oneself or one's actions
complain	v.	express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
complain	v.	make a formal accusation; bring a formal charge
complainant	n.	a person who brings an action in a court of law
complainer	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
complaint	n.	an often persistent bodily disorder or disease; a cause for complaining
complaint	n.	(formerly) a loud cry (or repeated cries) of pain or rage or sorrow
complaint	n.	an expression of grievance or resentment
complaint	n.	(civil law) the first pleading of the plaintiff setting out the facts on which the claim for relief is based
complaint	n.	(criminal law) a pleading describing some wrong or offense
complaisance	n.	a disposition or tendency to yield to the will of others
complaisant	adj.	showing a cheerful willingness to do favors for others
complected	v.	be interwoven or interconnected
complement	n.	a word or phrase used to complete a grammatical construction
complement	n.	a complete number or quantity
complement	n.	number needed to make up a whole force
complement	n.	something added to complete or embellish or make perfect
complement	n.	one of a series of enzymes in the blood serum that are part of the immune response
complement	n.	either of two parts that mutually complete each other
complement	v.	make complete or perfect; supply what is wanting or form the complement to
complementary	n.	either one of two chromatic colors that when mixed together give white (in the case of lights) or grey (in the case of pigments)
complementary	adj.	of words or propositions so related that each is the negation of the other
complementary	adj.	acting as or providing a complement (something that completes the whole)
complete	v.	come or bring to a finish or an end
complete	v.	bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements
complete	v.	complete or carry out
complete	v.	complete a pass
complete	v.	write all the required information onto a form
complete	adj.	having every necessary or normal part or component or step
complete	adj.	perfect and complete in every respect; having all necessary qualities
complete	adj.	highly skilled
complete	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
complete	adj.	having come or been brought to a conclusion
completed	v.	come or bring to a finish or an end
completed	v.	bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements
completed	v.	complete or carry out
completed	v.	complete a pass
completed	v.	write all the required information onto a form
completed	adj.	successfully completed or brought to an end
completed	adj.	(of a marriage) completed by the first act of sexual intercourse after the ceremony
completed	adj.	caught
completeness	n.	the state of being complete and entire; having everything that is needed
completeness	n.	(logic) an attribute of a logical system that is so constituted that a contradiction arises if any proposition is introduced that cannot be derived from the axioms of the system
completion	n.	(American football) a successful forward pass in football
completion	n.	a concluding action
complex	n.	a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts
complex	n.	a compound described in terms of the central atom to which other atoms are bound or coordinated
complex	n.	(psychoanalysis) a combination of emotions and impulses that have been rejected from awareness but still influence a person's behavior
complex	n.	a whole structure (as a building) made up of interconnected or related structures
complex	adj.	complicated in structure; consisting of interconnected parts
complexion	n.	the coloring of a person's face
complexion	n.	a combination that results from coupling or interlinking
complexion	n.	a point of view or general attitude or inclination
complexion	n.	texture and appearance of the skin of the face
complexion	n.	(obsolete) a combination of elements (of dryness and warmth or of the four humors) that was once believed to determine a person's health and temperament
complexion	v.	give a certain color to
complexity	n.	the quality of being intricate and compounded
compliance	n.	acting according to certain accepted standards
compliance	n.	a disposition or tendency to yield to the will of others
compliance	n.	the act of submitting; usually surrendering power to another
compliant	adj.	disposed or willing to comply
complicate	v.	make more complicated
complicate	v.	make more complex, intricate, or richer
complicated	v.	make more complicated
complicated	v.	make more complex, intricate, or richer
complicated	adj.	difficult to analyze or understand
complication	n.	the act or process of complicating
complication	n.	a situation or condition that is complex or confused
complication	n.	any disease or disorder that occurs during the course of (or because of) another disease
complication	n.	a development that complicates a situation
complication	n.	puzzling complexity
complicity	n.	guilt as an accomplice in a crime or offense
compliment	n.	a remark (or act) expressing praise and admiration
compliment	v.	say something to someone that expresses praise
compliment	v.	express respect or esteem for
complimentary	adj.	conveying or resembling a compliment
complimentary	adj.	costing nothing
comply	v.	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes
component	n.	an abstract part of something
component	n.	something determined in relation to something that includes it
component	n.	an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system
comport	v.	behave well or properly
comport	v.	behave in a certain manner
comportment	n.	dignified manner or conduct
compose	v.	form the substance of
compose	v.	write music
compose	v.	produce a literary work
compose	v.	put together out of existing material
compose	v.	calm (someone, especially oneself); make quiet
compose	v.	make up plans or basic details for
composedly	adv.	in a self-collected or self-possessed manner
composer	n.	someone who composes music as a profession
composite	n.	a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts
composite	n.	considered the most highly evolved dicotyledonous plants, characterized by florets arranged in dense heads that resemble single flowers
composite	adj.	consisting of separate interconnected parts
composite	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to the plant family Compositae
composition	n.	the spatial property resulting from the arrangement of parts in relation to each other and to the whole
composition	n.	the way in which someone or something is composed
composition	n.	a mixture of ingredients
composition	n.	a musical work that has been created
composition	n.	musical creation
composition	n.	the act of creating written works
composition	n.	art and technique of printing with movable type
composition	n.	an essay (especially one written as an assignment)
composition	n.	something that is created by arranging several things to form a unified whole
compositional	adj.	arranging or grouping
compositor	n.	one who sets written material into type
compost	n.	a mixture of decaying vegetation and manure; used as a fertilizer
compost	v.	convert to compost
composure	n.	steadiness of mind under stress
compote	n.	dessert of stewed or baked fruit
compound	n.	a whole formed by a union of two or more elements or parts
compound	n.	(chemistry) a substance formed by chemical union of two or more elements or ingredients in definite proportion by weight
compound	n.	an enclosure of residences and other building (especially in the Orient)
compound	v.	make more intense, stronger, or more marked; ,
compound	v.	put or add together
compound	v.	calculate principal and interest
compound	v.	create by mixing or combining
compound	v.	combine so as to form a whole; mix
compound	adj.	composed of more than one part; compound flower heads"
compound	adj.	consisting of two or more substances or ingredients or elements or parts
compound	adj.	composed of many distinct individuals united to form a whole or colony
compounded	v.	make more intense, stronger, or more marked; ,
compounded	v.	put or add together
compounded	v.	calculate principal and interest
compounded	v.	create by mixing or combining
compounded	v.	combine so as to form a whole; mix
compounded	adj.	combined into or constituting a chemical compound
comprehend	v.	get the meaning of something
comprehend	v.	to become aware of through the senses
comprehend	v.	include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory
comprehensibility	n.	the quality of comprehensible language or thought
comprehensible	adj.	capable of being comprehended or understood
comprehension	n.	an ability to understand the meaning or importance of something (or the knowledge acquired as a result)
comprehension	n.	the relation of comprising something
comprehensions	n.	an ability to understand the meaning or importance of something (or the knowledge acquired as a result)
comprehensions	n.	the relation of comprising something
comprehensive	n.	an intensive examination testing a student's proficiency in some special field of knowledge
comprehensive	adj.	including all or everything
comprehensive	adj.	broad in scope
comprehensiveness	n.	completeness over a broad scope
comprehensiveness	n.	the capacity to understand a broad range of topics
compress	n.	a cloth pad or dressing (with or without medication) applied firmly to some part of the body (to relieve discomfort or reduce fever)
compress	v.	make more compact by or as if by pressing
compress	v.	squeeze or press together
compressed	v.	make more compact by or as if by pressing
compressed	v.	squeeze or press together
compressed	adj.	pressed tightly together
compressed	adj.	reduced in volume by pressure
compressed	adj.	flattened laterally along the whole length (e.g., certain leafstalks or flatfishes)
compressible	adj.	capable of being compressed or made more compact
compressible	adj.	capable of being easily compressed
compression	n.	an increase in the density of something
compression	n.	the process or result of becoming smaller or pressed together
compression	n.	encoding information while reducing the bandwidth or bits required
compression	n.	applying pressure
compressor	n.	a mechanical device that compresses gasses
comprise	v.	be composed of
comprise	v.	include or contain; have as a component
comprise	v.	form or compose
compromise	n.	a middle way between two extremes
compromise	n.	an accommodation in which both sides make concessions
compromise	v.	make a compromise; arrive at a compromise
compromise	v.	settle by concession
compromise	v.	expose or make liable to danger, suspicion, or disrepute
compton	n.	United States physicist noted for research on x-rays and gamma rays and nuclear energy; his observation that X-rays behave like miniature bowling balls in their interactions with electrons provided evidence for the quantal nature of light (1892-1962)
comptroller	n.	someone who maintains and audits business accounts
compulsion	n.	an urge to do or say something that might be better left undone or unsaid
compulsion	n.	an irrational motive for performing trivial or repetitive actions, even against your will
compulsion	n.	using force to cause something to occur
compulsive	n.	a person with a compulsive disposition; someone who feels compelled to do certain things
compulsive	adj.	caused by or suggestive of psychological compulsion
compulsive	adj.	strongly motivated to succeed
compulsiveness	n.	the trait of acting compulsively
compulsorily	adv.	in a manner that cannot be evaded
compulsory	adj.	required by rule
compunction	n.	a feeling of deep regret (usually for some misdeed)
computation	n.	the procedure of calculating; determining something by mathematical or logical methods
computation	n.	problem solving that involves numbers or quantities
computational	adj.	of or involving computation or computers
compute	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
computer	n.	a machine for performing calculations automatically
computer	n.	an expert at calculation (or at operating calculating machines)
computerization	n.	the control of processes by computer
computerize	v.	provide with computers
computerize	v.	store in a computer
computerize	v.	control a function, process, or creation by a computer
computing	n.	the branch of engineering science that studies (with the aid of computers) computable processes and structures
computing	n.	the procedure of calculating; determining something by mathematical or logical methods
computing	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
comrade	n.	a friend who is frequently in the company of another
comrade	n.	a fellow member of the Communist Party
comrade	n.	used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement
comradeship	n.	the quality of affording easy familiarity and sociability
comte	n.	French philosopher remembered as the founder of positivism; he also established sociology as a systematic field of study
con	n.	an argument opposed to a proposal
con	n.	a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison
con	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
con	v.	deprive of by deceit
con	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
con	adv.	in opposition to a proposition, opinion, etc.
conakry	n.	a port and the capital of Guinea
concatenate	v.	combine two strings to form a single one
concatenate	v.	add by linking or joining so as to form a chain or series
concatenation	n.	the state of being linked together as in a chain; union in a linked series
concatenation	n.	the linking together of a consecutive series of symbols or events or ideas etc
concatenation	n.	a series of things depending on each other as if linked together
concatenation	n.	the act of linking together as in a series or chain
concave	adj.	curving inward
concaveness	n.	the property possessed by a concave shape
conceal	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
conceal	v.	hold back; keep from being perceived by others
concealed	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
concealed	v.	hold back; keep from being perceived by others
concealed	adj.	not accessible to view
concealed	adj.	hidden on any grounds for any motive
concealment	n.	the condition of being concealed or hidden
concealment	n.	a covering that serves to conceal or shelter something
concealment	n.	the activity of keeping something secret
conceit	n.	feelings of excessive pride
conceit	n.	an elaborate poetic image or a far-fetched comparison of very dissimilar things
conceit	n.	a witty or ingenious turn of phrase
conceit	n.	an artistic device or effect
conceit	n.	the trait of being unduly vain and conceited; false pride
conceited	adj.	characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
conceitedness	n.	the trait of being unduly vain and conceited; false pride
conceivable	adj.	capable of being imagined
conceivably	adv.	within the realm of possibility
conceive	v.	have the idea for
conceive	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
conceive	v.	become pregnant; undergo conception
concentrate	n.	the desired mineral that is left after impurities have been removed from mined ore
concentrate	n.	a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water
concentrate	n.	a concentrated example of something
concentrate	v.	make denser, stronger, or purer
concentrate	v.	direct one's attention on something
concentrate	v.	make central
concentrate	v.	make more concise
concentrate	v.	draw together or meet in one common center
concentrate	v.	compress or concentrate
concentrate	v.	be cooked until very little liquid is left
concentrate	v.	cook until very little liquid is left
concentration	n.	the strength of a solution; number of molecules of a substance in a given volume
concentration	n.	the spatial property of being crowded together
concentration	n.	strengthening the concentration (as of a solute in a mixture) by removing diluting material
concentration	n.	increase in density
concentration	n.	complete attention; intense mental effort
concentration	n.	bringing together military forces
concentration	n.	great and constant diligence and attention
concentric	adj.	having a common center
concepcion	n.	an industrial city in Chile to the south of Santiago
concept	n.	an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances
conception	n.	an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances
conception	n.	the act of becoming pregnant; fertilization of an ovum by a spermatozoon
conception	n.	the event that occurred at the beginning of something
conception	n.	the creation of something in the mind
conceptional	adj.	being of the nature of a notion or concept
conceptual	adj.	being or characterized by concepts or their formation
conceptualization	n.	inventing or contriving an idea or explanation and formulating it mentally
conceptualization	n.	an elaborated concept
conceptualize	v.	have the idea for
concern	n.	something that interests you because it is important or affects you
concern	n.	an anxious feeling
concern	n.	a feeling of sympathy for someone or something
concern	n.	something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness
concern	n.	a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it
concern	v.	be relevant to
concern	v.	be on the mind of
concerned	v.	be relevant to
concerned	v.	be on the mind of
concerned	adj.	feeling or showing worry or solicitude
concerned	adj.	involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in
concerned	adj.	culpably involved
concerning	v.	be relevant to
concerning	v.	be on the mind of
concerns	n.	something that interests you because it is important or affects you
concerns	n.	an anxious feeling
concerns	n.	a feeling of sympathy for someone or something
concerns	n.	something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness
concerns	n.	a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it
concerns	v.	be relevant to
concerns	v.	be on the mind of
concert	n.	a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging
concert	v.	contrive (a plan) by mutual agreement
concert	v.	settle by agreement
concerted	v.	contrive (a plan) by mutual agreement
concerted	v.	settle by agreement
concerted	adj.	involving the joint activity of two or more
concertina	n.	coiled barbed wire used as an obstacle
concertina	n.	free-reed instrument played like an accordion by pushing its ends together to force air through the reeds
concertina	v.	collapse like a concertina
concertize	v.	give concerts; perform in concerts
concerto	n.	a composition for orchestra and a soloist
concessionaire	n.	someone who holds or operates a concession
conch	n.	any of various edible tropical marine gastropods of the genus Strombus having a brightly-colored spiral shell with large outer lip
conchs	n.	any of various edible tropical marine gastropods of the genus Strombus having a brightly-colored spiral shell with large outer lip
concierge	n.	a French caretaker of apartments or a hotel; lives on the premises and oversees people entering and leaving and handles mail and acts as janitor or porter
conciliate	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
conciliate	v.	come to terms
conciliate	v.	make (one thing) compatible with (another)
conciliation	n.	the state of manifesting goodwill and cooperation after being reconciled
conciliation	n.	any of various forms of mediation whereby disputes may be settled short of arbitration
conciliation	n.	the act of placating and overcoming distrust and animosity
conciliator	n.	someone who tries to bring peace
conciliatory	adj.	making or willing to make concessions
conciliatory	adj.	intended to placate
concise	adj.	expressing much in few words
conciseness	n.	terseness and economy in writing and speaking achieved by expressing a great deal in just a few words
concision	n.	terseness and economy in writing and speaking achieved by expressing a great deal in just a few words
conclave	n.	a confidential or secret meeting
conclude	v.	decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion
conclude	v.	bring to a close
conclude	v.	reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation
conclude	v.	come to a close
conclude	v.	reach agreement on
conclusion	n.	a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
conclusion	n.	an intuitive assumption
conclusion	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
conclusion	n.	event whose occurrence ends something
conclusion	n.	the proposition arrived at by logical reasoning (such as the proposition that must follow from the major and minor premises of a syllogism)
conclusion	n.	the act of ending something
conclusion	n.	a final settlement
conclusion	n.	the last section of a communication
conclusion	n.	the act of making up your mind about something
conclusive	adj.	forming an end or termination; especially putting an end to doubt or question
conclusiveness	n.	the quality of being final or definitely settled
concoct	v.	make a concoction (of) by mixing
concoct	v.	prepare or cook by mixing ingredients
concoct	v.	invent
concoct	v.	devise or invent
concoction	n.	any foodstuff made by combining different ingredients
concoction	n.	an occurrence of an unusual mixture
concoction	n.	the invention of a scheme or story to suit some purpose
concoction	n.	the act of creating something (a medicine or drink or soup etc.) by compounding or mixing a variety of components
concomitant	n.	an event or situation that happens at the same time as or in connection with another
concomitant	adj.	following or accompanying as a consequence
concord	n.	capital of the state of New Hampshire; located in south central New Hampshire on the Merrimack river
concord	n.	a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole
concord	n.	the determination of grammatical inflection on the basis of word relations
concord	n.	town in eastern Massachusetts near Boston where the first battle of the American Revolution was fought
concord	n.	agreement of opinions
concord	n.	the first battle of the American Revolution (April 19, 1775)
concord	v.	go together
concord	v.	arrange by concord or agreement
concord	v.	arrange the words of a text so as to create a concordance
concord	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
concordance	n.	a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole
concordance	n.	agreement of opinions
concordance	n.	an index of all main words in a book along with their immediate contexts
concordant	adj.	in keeping
concordant	adj.	being of the same opinion
concordat	n.	a signed written agreement between two or more parties (nations) to perform some action
concourse	n.	a large gathering of people
concourse	n.	a wide hallway in a building where people can walk
concourse	n.	a coming together of people
concrete	n.	a strong hard building material composed of sand and gravel and cement and water
concrete	v.	cover with cement
concrete	v.	form into a solid mass; coalesce
concrete	adj.	capable of being perceived by the senses; not abstract or imaginary
concrete	adj.	formed by the coalescence of particles
concreteness	n.	the quality of being concrete (not abstract)
concretion	n.	the formation of stonelike objects within a body organ (e.g., the kidneys)
concretion	n.	a hard lump produced by the concretion of mineral salts; found in hollow organs or ducts of the body
concretion	n.	an increase in the density of something
concretion	n.	the union of diverse things into one body or form or group; the growing together of parts
concubinage	n.	cohabitation without being legally married
concubine	n.	a woman who cohabits with an important man
concupiscence	n.	a desire for sexual intimacy
concupiscent	adj.	vigorously passionate
concur	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
concur	v.	happen simultaneously
concurred	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
concurred	v.	happen simultaneously
concurrence	n.	agreement of results or opinions
concurrence	n.	acting together, as agents or circumstances or events
concurrence	n.	a state of cooperation
concurrence	n.	the temporal property of two things happening at the same time
concurrency	n.	agreement of results or opinions
concurrency	n.	acting together, as agents or circumstances or events
concurring	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
concurring	v.	happen simultaneously
concurring	adj.	being of the same opinion
concuss	v.	shake violently
concuss	v.	injure the brain; sustain a concussion
concussion	n.	injury to the brain caused by a blow; usually resulting in loss of consciousness
concussion	n.	any violent blow
condemn	v.	express strong disapproval of
condemn	v.	declare or judge unfit for use or habitation
condemn	v.	compel or force into a particular state or activity
condemn	v.	demonstrate the guilt of (someone)
condemn	v.	pronounce a sentence on (somebody) in a court of law
condemn	v.	appropriate (property) for public use
condemnation	n.	an expression of strong disapproval; pronouncing as wrong or morally culpable
condemnation	n.	(law) the act of condemning (as land forfeited for public use) or judging to be unfit for use (as a food product or an unsafe building)
condemnation	n.	an appeal to some supernatural power to inflict evil on someone or some group
condemnation	n.	the condition of being strongly disapproved of
condemnation	n.	(criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed
condemnatory	adj.	containing or imposing condemnation or censure
condensate	n.	a product of condensation
condensate	n.	atmospheric moisture that has condensed because of cold
condensation	n.	(psychoanalysis) an unconscious process whereby two ideas or images combine into a single symbol; especially in dreams
condensation	n.	the process of changing from a gaseous to a liquid or solid state
condensation	n.	atmospheric moisture that has condensed because of cold
condensation	n.	the process or result of becoming smaller or pressed together
condensation	n.	a shortened version of a written work
condensation	n.	the act of increasing the density of something
condense	v.	undergo condensation; change from a gaseous to a liquid state and fall in drops
condense	v.	make more concise
condense	v.	remove water from
condense	v.	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid
condense	v.	become more compact or concentrated
condense	v.	develop due to condensation
condense	v.	compress or concentrate
condenser	n.	an electrical device characterized by its capacity to store an electric charge
condenser	n.	an apparatus that converts vapor into liquid
condenser	n.	a hollow coil that condenses by abstracting heat
condenser	n.	lens used to concentrate light on an object
condescending	v.	behave in a patronizing and condescending manner
condescending	v.	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity
condescending	v.	debase oneself morally, act in an undignified, unworthy, or dishonorable way
condescending	v.	treat condescendingly
condescending	adj.	(used of behavior or attitude) characteristic of those who treat others with condescension
condescension	n.	the trait of displaying arrogance by patronizing those considered inferior
condescension	n.	a communication that indicates lack of respect by patronizing the recipient
condescension	n.	affability to your inferiors and temporary disregard for differences of position or rank
condign	adj.	fitting or appropriate and deserved; used especially of punishment
condiment	n.	a preparation (a sauce or relish or spice) to enhance flavor or enjoyment
condition	n.	a state at a particular time
condition	n.	an assumption on which rests the validity or effect of something else
condition	n.	a mode of being or form of existence of a person or thing
condition	n.	information that should be kept in mind when making a decision
condition	n.	the state of (good) health (especially in the phrases `in condition' or `in shape' or `out of condition' or `out of shape')
condition	n.	an illness, disease, or other medical problem
condition	n.	(usually plural) a statement of what is required as part of an agreement
condition	n.	the procedure that is varied in order to estimate a variable's effect by comparison with a control condition
condition	v.	establish a conditioned response
condition	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
condition	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
condition	v.	put into a better state
condition	v.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny
conditional	adj.	qualified by reservations
conditional	adj.	imposing or depending on or containing a condition
conditionality	n.	the state of being conditional
conditioned	v.	establish a conditioned response
conditioned	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
conditioned	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
conditioned	v.	put into a better state
conditioned	v.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny
conditioned	adj.	established by conditioning or learning
conditioned	adj.	physically fit
conditioner	n.	exercise that conditions the body
conditioner	n.	a trainer of athletes
conditioner	n.	a substance used in washing (clothing or hair) to make things softer
conditioning	n.	a learning process in which an organism's behavior becomes dependent on the occurrence of a stimulus in its environment
conditioning	v.	establish a conditioned response
conditioning	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
conditioning	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
conditioning	v.	put into a better state
conditioning	v.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny
condo	n.	one of the dwelling units in a condominium
condolence	n.	an expression of sympathy with another's grief
condom	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
condominium	n.	one of the dwelling units in a condominium
condominium	n.	housing consisting of a complex of dwelling units (as an apartment house) in which each unit is individually owned
condone	v.	excuse, overlook, or make allowances for; be lenient with
condor	n.	the largest flying birds in the western hemisphere
condorcet	n.	French mathematician and philosopher (1743-1794)
conduce	v.	be conducive to
conduct	n.	manner of acting or controlling yourself
conduct	n.	(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people
conduct	v.	direct the course of; manage or control
conduct	v.	lead, as in the performance of a composition
conduct	v.	behave in a certain manner
conduct	v.	take somebody somewhere
conduct	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
conduct	v.	lead musicians in the performance of
conductance	n.	a material's capacity to conduct electricity; measured as the reciprocal of electrical resistance
conduction	n.	the transmission of heat or electricity or sound
conductivity	n.	the transmission of heat or electricity or sound
conductor	n.	the person who leads a musical group
conductor	n.	a substance that readily conducts e.g. electricity and heat
conductor	n.	the person who collects fares on a public conveyance
conductor	n.	a device designed to transmit electricity, heat, etc.
conductress	n.	a woman conductor
conduit	n.	a passage (a pipe or tunnel) through which water or electric wires can pass
cone	n.	any cone-shaped artifact
cone	n.	a shape whose base is a circle and whose sides taper up to a point
cone	n.	cone-shaped mass of ovule- or spore-bearing scales or bracts
cone	n.	a visual receptor cell in the retina that is sensitive to bright light and to color
cone	v.	make cone-shaped
conestoga	n.	a large wagon with broad wheels and an arched canvas top; used by the United States pioneers to cross the prairies in the 19th century
coneys	n.	black-spotted usually dusky-colored fish with reddish fins
coneys	n.	any of several small ungulate mammals of Africa and Asia with rodent-like incisors and feet with hooflike toes
coneys	n.	small short-eared burrowing mammal of rocky uplands of Asia and western North America
coneys	n.	any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and short tails; some domesticated and raised for pets or food
confab	n.	an informal conversation
confab	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
confab	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
confabbed	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
confabbed	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
confabbing	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
confabbing	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
confabulate	v.	unconsciously replace fact with fantasy in one's memory
confabulate	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
confabulate	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
confabulation	n.	an informal conversation
confabulation	n.	(psychiatry) a plausible but imagined memory that fills in gaps in what is remembered
confection	n.	a food rich in sugar
confection	n.	the act of creating something (a medicine or drink or soup etc.) by compounding or mixing a variety of components
confection	v.	make into a confection
confectioner	n.	someone who makes candies and other sweets
confectionery	n.	candy and other sweets considered collectively
confectionery	n.	a confectioner's shop
confectionery	n.	the occupation and skills of a confectioner
confederacy	n.	the southern states that seceded from the United States in 1861
confederacy	n.	a union of political organizations
confederacy	n.	a group of conspirators banded together to achieve some harmful or illegal purpose
confederacy	n.	a secret agreement between two or more people to perform an unlawful act
confederate	n.	a supporter of the Confederate States of America
confederate	n.	someone who assists in a plot
confederate	n.	a person who joins with another in carrying out some plan (especially an unethical or illegal plan)
confederate	v.	form a group or unite
confederate	v.	form a confederation with; of nations
confederate	adj.	of or having to do with the southern Confederacy during the American Civil War
confederate	adj.	united in a confederacy or league
confer	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
confer	v.	present
conferee	n.	a person on whom something is bestowed
conferee	n.	a member of a conference
conference	n.	a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information or discussion (especially one with a formal agenda)
conference	n.	an association of sports teams that organizes matches for its members
conference	n.	a discussion among participants who have an agreed (serious) topic
conferral	n.	the act of conferring an honor or presenting a gift
conferred	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
conferred	v.	present
conferrer	n.	person who makes a gift of property
conferrer	n.	someone who converses or confers (as in a conference)
conferring	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
conferring	v.	present
confessed	v.	confess to a punishable or reprehensible deed, usually under pressure
confessed	v.	admit (to a wrongdoing)
confessed	v.	confess to God in the presence of a priest, as in the Catholic faith
confession	n.	an admission of misdeeds or faults
confession	n.	a written document acknowledging an offense and signed by the guilty party
confession	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the act of a penitent disclosing his sinfulness before a priest in the sacrament of penance in the hope of absolution
confession	n.	a public declaration of your faith
confession	n.	the document that spells out the belief system of a given church (especially the Reformation churches of the 16th century)
confessional	n.	a booth where a priest sits to hear confessions
confessor	n.	a priest who hears confession and gives absolution
confessor	n.	someone who confesses (discloses information damaging to themselves)
confetti	n.	small pieces or streamers of colored paper that are thrown around on festive occasions (as at a wedding)
confidant	n.	someone to whom private matters are confided
confidante	n.	a female confidant
confide	v.	reveal in private; tell confidentially
confide	v.	confer a trust upon
confidence	n.	freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities
confidence	n.	a feeling of trust (in someone or something)
confidence	n.	a state of confident hopefulness that events will be favorable
confidence	n.	a trustful relationship
confidence	n.	a secret that is confided or entrusted to another
confident	adj.	having or marked by confidence or assurance
confident	adj.	persuaded of; very sure
confident	adj.	not liable to error in judgment or action; - Walter Lippman; - Michiko Kakutani
confidential	adj.	entrusted with private information and the confidence of another
confidential	adj.	(of information) given in confidence or in secret
confidential	adj.	denoting confidence or intimacy
confidential	adj.	the level of official classification for documents next above restricted and below secret; available only to persons authorized to see documents so classified
confidentiality	n.	the state of being secret
confidentiality	n.	discretion in keeping secret information
confiding	v.	reveal in private; tell confidentially
confiding	v.	confer a trust upon
confiding	adj.	willing to entrust personal matters
configuration	n.	an arrangement of parts or elements
configuration	n.	any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)
configure	v.	set up for a particular purpose
confined	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
confined	v.	restrict or confine,
confined	v.	prevent from leaving or from being removed
confined	v.	close in; darkness enclosed him"
confined	v.	deprive of freedom; take into confinement
confined	v.	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement
confined	adj.	not invading healthy tissue
confined	adj.	not free to move about
confined	adj.	being in captivity
confinement	n.	concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of contractions to the birth of a child
confinement	n.	the act of restraining of a person's liberty by confining them
confinement	n.	the state of being confined
confinement	n.	the act of keeping something within specified bounds (by force if necessary)
confirm	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
confirm	v.	strengthen or make more firm
confirm	v.	make more firm
confirm	v.	support a person for a position
confirm	v.	administer the rite of confirmation to
confirmation	n.	additional proof that something that was believed (some fact or hypothesis or theory) is correct
confirmation	n.	information that confirms or verifies
confirmation	n.	making something valid by formally ratifying or confirming it
confirmation	n.	a ceremony held in the synagogue (usually at Pentecost) to admit as adult members of the Jewish community young men and women who have successfully completed a course of study in Judaism
confirmation	n.	a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church
confirmatory	adj.	serving to support or corroborate
confirmed	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
confirmed	v.	strengthen or make more firm
confirmed	v.	make more firm
confirmed	v.	support a person for a position
confirmed	v.	administer the rite of confirmation to
confirmed	adj.	of persons; not subject to change
confirmed	adj.	having been established or made firm or received the rite of confirmation
confiscate	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
confiscate	adj.	surrendered as a penalty
confiscation	n.	seizure by the government
conflagration	n.	a very intense and uncontrolled fire
conflate	v.	mix together different elements
conflict	n.	an open clash between two opposing groups (or individuals); --Thomas Paine
conflict	n.	opposition between two simultaneous but incompatible feelings
conflict	n.	a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war
conflict	n.	a state of opposition between persons or ideas or interests
conflict	n.	an incompatibility of dates or events
conflict	n.	opposition in a work of drama or fiction between characters or forces (especially an opposition that motivates the development of the plot)
conflict	n.	a disagreement or argument about something important
conflict	v.	be in conflict
conflict	v.	go against, as of rules and laws
confluence	n.	a place where things merge or flow together (especially rivers)
confluence	n.	a flowing together
confluence	n.	a coming together of people
confluent	n.	a branch that flows into the main stream
confluent	adj.	flowing together
conform	v.	be similar, be in line with
conform	v.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions
conformable	adj.	quick to comply; -Shakespeare
conformable	adj.	disposed or willing to comply
conformable	adj.	in keeping
conformance	n.	correspondence in form or appearance
conformism	n.	orthodoxy in thoughts and belief
conformist	n.	someone who conforms to established standards of conduct (especially in religious matters)
conformist	adj.	marked by convention and conformity to customs or rules or styles
conformist	adj.	adhering to established customs or doctrines (especially in religion)
conformity	n.	correspondence in form or appearance
conformity	n.	acting according to certain accepted standards
conformity	n.	orthodoxy in thoughts and belief
conformity	n.	concurrence of opinion
conformity	n.	hardened conventionality
confrere	n.	a person who is member of one's class or profession
confrontation	n.	a bold challenge
confrontation	n.	discord resulting from a clash of ideas or opinions
confrontation	n.	a hostile disagreement face-to-face
confrontation	n.	the act of hostile groups opposing each other
confrontation	n.	a focussed comparison; bringing together for a careful comparison
confrontational	adj.	of or relating to confrontation
confucian	n.	a believer in the teachings of Confucius
confucian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Confucianism
confucianism	n.	the teachings of Confucius emphasizing love for humanity; high value given to learning and to devotion to family (including ancestors); peace; justice; influenced the traditional culture of China
confucius	n.	Chinese philosopher whose ideas and sayings were collected after his death and became the basis of a philosophical doctrine known a Confucianism (circa 551-478 BC)
confuse	v.	mistake one thing for another
confuse	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
confuse	v.	cause to feel embarrassment
confuse	v.	assemble without order or sense
confuse	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
confused	v.	mistake one thing for another
confused	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
confused	v.	cause to feel embarrassment
confused	v.	assemble without order or sense
confused	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
confused	adj.	perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment
confused	adj.	lacking orderly continuity
confused	adj.	having lost your bearings; confused as to time or place or personal identity
confused	adj.	thrown into a state of disarray or confusion
confused	adj.	mentally confused; unable to think with clarity or act intelligently
confusing	v.	mistake one thing for another
confusing	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
confusing	v.	cause to feel embarrassment
confusing	v.	assemble without order or sense
confusing	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
confusing	adj.	causing confusion or disorientation
confusing	adj.	lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion or perplexity
confutation	n.	the speech act of refuting conclusively
confutation	n.	evidence that refutes conclusively
confute	v.	prove to be false
conga	n.	music composed for dancing the conga
conga	n.	a Latin American dance of 3 steps and a kick by people in single file
conga	v.	dance the conga
congeal	v.	become gelatinous
congealment	n.	the process of congealing; solidification by (or as if by) freezing
conger	n.	large dark-colored scaleless marine eel found in temperate and tropical coastal waters; some used for food
congeries	n.	a sum total of many heterogenous things taken together
congest	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
congestion	n.	excessive accumulation of blood or other fluid in a body part
congestion	n.	excessive crowding
conglomerate	n.	a composite rock made up of particles of varying size
conglomerate	n.	a group of diverse companies under common ownership and run as a single organization
conglomerate	v.	collect or gather
conglomerate	adj.	composed of heterogeneous elements gathered into a mass
conglomeration	n.	a rounded spherical form
conglomeration	n.	a sum total of many heterogenous things taken together
conglomeration	n.	an occurrence combining miscellaneous things into a (more or less) rounded mass
congo	n.	a republic in central Africa; achieved independence from Belgium in 1960
congo	n.	a major African river (one of the world's longest); flows through Congo into the South Atlantic
congo	n.	a republic in west-central Africa; achieved independence from France in 1960
congo	n.	black tea grown in China
congolese	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Republic of the Congo
congolese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Congo region or its people
congratulate	v.	say something to someone that expresses praise
congratulate	v.	express congratulations
congratulate	v.	be proud of
congratulate	v.	pride or congratulate (oneself) for an achievement
congratulation	n.	the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration
congratulation	n.	(usually plural) an expression of pleasure at the success or good fortune of another
congratulatory	adj.	expressive of sympathetic pleasure or joy on account of someone's success or good fortune
congregant	n.	a member of a congregation (especially that of a church or synagogue)
congregate	v.	come together, usually for a purpose
congregation	n.	a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church
congregation	n.	an assemblage of people or animals or things collected together
congregation	n.	the act of congregating
congregational	adj.	relating to or conducted or participated in by a congregation
congregational	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of a Congregational church
congregationalism	n.	system of beliefs and church government of a Protestant denomination in which each member church is self-governing
congregationalist	n.	a member of the Congregational Church
congregationalist	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of a Congregational church
congress	n.	the legislature of the United States government
congress	n.	a meeting of elected or appointed representatives
congress	n.	a national legislative assembly
congress	n.	the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur
congressional	adj.	of or relating to congress
congressman	n.	a member of the United States House of Representatives
congressmen	n.	a member of the United States House of Representatives
congresswoman	n.	a member of the United States House of Representatives
congresswomen	n.	a member of the United States House of Representatives
congreve	n.	English playwright remembered for his comedies (1670-1729)
congruence	n.	the quality of agreeing; being suitable and appropriate
congruent	adj.	corresponding in character or kind
congruent	adj.	coinciding when superimposed
congruity	n.	the quality of agreeing; being suitable and appropriate
congruous	adj.	corresponding in character or kind
congruous	adj.	suitable or appropriate together
conic	n.	(geometry) a curve generated by the intersection of a plane and a circular cone
conic	adj.	relating to or resembling a cone
conical	adj.	relating to or resembling a cone
conifer	n.	any gymnospermous tree or shrub bearing cones
coniferous	adj.	of or relating to or part of trees or shrubs bearing cones and evergreen leaves
conjectural	adj.	based primarily on surmise rather than adequate evidence
conjecture	n.	a hypothesis that has been formed by speculating or conjecturing (usually with little hard evidence)
conjecture	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
conjecture	n.	reasoning that involves the formation of conclusions from incomplete evidence
conjecture	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
conjoint	adj.	consisting of two or more associated entities; ; - J.K.Fairbank
conjugal	adj.	of or relating to marriage or to the relationship between a wife and husband
conjugate	n.	a mixture of two partially miscible liquids A and B produces two conjugate solutions: one of A in B and another of B in A
conjugate	v.	unite chemically so that the product is easily broken down into the original compounds
conjugate	v.	add inflections showing person, number, gender, tense, aspect, etc.
conjugate	v.	undergo conjugation
conjugate	adj.	joined together especially in a pair or pairs
conjugate	adj.	(of a pinnate leaflet) having only one pair of leaflets
conjugate	adj.	formed by the union of two compounds
conjugate	adj.	of an organic compound; containing two or more double bonds each separated from the other by a single bond
conjugation	n.	the state of being joined together
conjugation	n.	the inflection of verbs
conjugation	n.	the complete set of inflected forms of a verb
conjugation	n.	a class of verbs having the same inflectional forms
conjugation	n.	the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes
conjugation	n.	the act of making or becoming a single unit
conjunct	adj.	progressing melodically by intervals of a second
conjunct	adj.	bound in close association
conjunct	adj.	involving the joint activity of two or more
conjunctiva	n.	a transparent lubricating mucous membrane that covers the eyeball and the under surface of the eyelid
conjunctive	n.	an uninflected function word that serves to conjoin words or phrases or clauses or sentences
conjunctive	adj.	serving or tending to connect
conjunctive	adj.	involving the joint activity of two or more
conjunctivitis	n.	inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye
conjuration	n.	a ritual recitation of words or sounds believed to have a magical effect
conjuration	n.	calling up a spirit or devil
conjuration	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
conjure	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
conjure	v.	ask for or request earnestly
conjure	v.	engage in plotting or enter into a conspiracy, swear together
conjurer	n.	someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience
conjurer	n.	a witch doctor who practices conjury
conk	n.	informal term for the nose
conk	v.	come to a stop
conk	v.	hit, especially on the head
conk	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
conk	v.	pass out from weakness, physical or emotional distress due to a loss of blood supply to the brain
conn	v.	conduct or direct the steering of a ship or plane
connect	v.	connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces
connect	v.	make a logical or causal connection
connect	v.	be or become joined or united or linked
connect	v.	join by means of communication equipment
connect	v.	land on or hit solidly
connect	v.	join for the purpose of communication
connect	v.	be scheduled so as to provide continuing service, as in transportation
connect	v.	establish a rapport or relationship
connect	v.	establish communication with someone
connect	v.	plug into an outlet
connect	v.	hit or play a ball successfully
connected	v.	connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces
connected	v.	make a logical or causal connection
connected	v.	be or become joined or united or linked
connected	v.	join by means of communication equipment
connected	v.	land on or hit solidly
connected	v.	join for the purpose of communication
connected	v.	be scheduled so as to provide continuing service, as in transportation
connected	v.	establish a rapport or relationship
connected	v.	establish communication with someone
connected	v.	plug into an outlet
connected	v.	hit or play a ball successfully
connected	adj.	being joined in close association
connected	adj.	joined or linked together
connected	adj.	wired together to an alarm system
connected	adj.	plugged in
connected	adj.	stored in, controlled by, or in direct communication with a central computer
connecticut	n.	a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
connecticut	n.	a river in the northeastern United States; flows south from northern New Hampshire along the border between New Hampshire and Vermont and through Massachusetts and Connecticut where it empties into Long Island Sound
connecticut	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
connection	n.	a relation between things or events (as in the case of one causing the other or sharing features with it)
connection	n.	the state of being connected
connection	n.	an instrumentality that connects
connection	n.	(usually plural) a person who is influential and to whom you are connected in some way (as by family or friendship)
connection	n.	the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination
connection	n.	a connecting shape
connection	n.	a supplier (especially of narcotics)
connection	n.	shifting from one form of transportation to another
connection	n.	the act of bringing two things into contact (especially for communication)
connective	n.	an uninflected function word that serves to conjoin words or phrases or clauses or sentences
connective	n.	an instrumentality that connects
connective	adj.	connecting or tending to connect
connectivity	n.	the property of being connected or the degree to which something has connections
connector	n.	an instrumentality that connects
conned	v.	deprive of by deceit
conned	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
conning	v.	deprive of by deceit
conning	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
conniption	n.	a display of bad temper
connivance	n.	agreement on a secret plot
connivance	n.	(law) tacit approval of someone's wrongdoing
connive	v.	encourage or assent to illegally or criminally
connive	v.	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner
connoisseur	n.	an expert able to appreciate a field; especially in the fine arts
connolly	n.	United States tennis player who was the first woman to win the United States, British, French, and Australian championships in the same year (1953) (1934-1969)
connors	n.	outstanding United States tennis player (born in 1952)
connotative	adj.	having the power of implying or suggesting something in addition to what is explicit
connubial	adj.	of or relating to marriage or to the relationship between a wife and husband
connubial	adv.	in a conjugal manner
conquer	v.	to put down by force or authority
conquer	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
conquer	v.	overcome by conquest
conquerable	adj.	subject to being conquered or overcome
conquerable	adj.	capable of being surmounted or excelled
conquered	v.	to put down by force or authority
conquered	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
conquered	v.	overcome by conquest
conqueror	n.	someone who is victorious by force of arms
conquest	n.	the act of conquering
conquest	n.	success in mastering something difficult
conquest	n.	an act of winning the love or sexual favor of someone
conquistador	n.	an adventurer (especially one who led the Spanish conquest of Mexico and Peru in the 16th century)
conrad	n.	English novelist (born in Poland) noted for sea stories and for his narrative technique (1857-1924)
cons	n.	an argument opposed to a proposal
cons	n.	a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison
cons	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
cons	v.	deprive of by deceit
cons	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
consanguineous	adj.	related by blood
consanguinity	n.	(anthropology) related by blood
conscienceless	adj.	lacking a conscience
conscientious	adj.	characterized by extreme care and great effort
conscientious	adj.	guided by or in accordance with conscience or sense of right and wrong
conscientiousness	n.	the quality of being in accord with the dictates of conscience
conscientiousness	n.	the trait of being painstaking and careful
conscious	adj.	intentionally conceived
conscious	adj.	knowing and perceiving; having awareness of surroundings and sensations and thoughts
conscious	adj.	(followed by `of') showing realization or recognition of something; ; ; - Thomas Hardy
consciousness	n.	an alert cognitive state in which you are aware of yourself and your situation
consciousness	n.	having knowledge of
consciousnesses	n.	an alert cognitive state in which you are aware of yourself and your situation
consciousnesses	n.	having knowledge of
conscription	n.	compulsory military service
consecrate	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
consecrate	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
consecrate	v.	dedicate to a deity by a vow
consecrate	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
consecrate	adj.	solemnly dedicated to or set apart for a high purpose
consecrated	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
consecrated	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
consecrated	v.	dedicate to a deity by a vow
consecrated	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
consecrated	adj.	solemnly dedicated to or set apart for a high purpose
consecrated	adj.	made or declared or believed to be holy; devoted to a deity or some religious ceremony or use
consecration	n.	a solemn commitment of your life or your time to some cherished purpose (to a service or a goal)
consecration	n.	(religion) sanctification of something by setting it apart (usually with religious rites) as dedicated to God
consecrations	n.	a solemn commitment of your life or your time to some cherished purpose (to a service or a goal)
consecrations	n.	(religion) sanctification of something by setting it apart (usually with religious rites) as dedicated to God
consecutive	adj.	one after the other
consecutive	adj.	in regular succession without gaps
consecutive	adj.	successive (without a break)
consecutive	adv.	in a consecutive manner
consensual	adj.	existing by consent
consensus	n.	agreement in the judgment or opinion reached by a group as a whole
consent	n.	permission to do something
consent	v.	give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to
consequence	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
consequence	n.	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual
consequence	n.	having important effects or influence
consequent	adj.	following or accompanying as a consequence
consequential	adj.	having important issues or results
conservancy	n.	a commission with jurisdiction over fisheries and navigation in a port or river
conservancy	n.	the official conservation of trees and soil and rivers etc.
conservation	n.	an occurrence of improvement by virtue of preventing loss or injury or other change
conservation	n.	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources
conservation	n.	(physics) the maintenance of a certain quantities unchanged during chemical reactions or physical transformations
conservationist	n.	someone who works to protect the environment from destruction or pollution
conservatism	n.	a political or theological orientation advocating the preservation of the best in society and opposing radical changes
conservative	n.	a person who is reluctant to accept changes and new ideas
conservative	n.	a member of a Conservative Party
conservative	adj.	resistant to change
conservative	adj.	having social or political views favoring conservatism
conservative	adj.	avoiding excess
conservative	adj.	unimaginatively conventional; - Newsweek
conservative	adj.	conforming to the standards and conventions of the middle class
conservatoire	n.	a schoolhouse with special facilities for fine arts
conservator	n.	the custodian of a collection (as a museum or library)
conservator	n.	someone appointed by a court to assume responsibility for the interests of a minor or incompetent person
conservatory	n.	the faculty and students of a school specializing in one of the fine arts
conservatory	n.	a schoolhouse with special facilities for fine arts
conservatory	n.	a greenhouse in which plants are arranged in a pleasing manner
consider	v.	deem to be
consider	v.	give careful consideration to
consider	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
consider	v.	show consideration for; take into account
consider	v.	think about carefully; weigh
consider	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
consider	v.	look at attentively
consider	v.	look at carefully; study mentally
consider	v.	regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem
considerable	adj.	large or relatively large in number or amount or extent or degree
considerably	adv.	to a great extent or degree
considerate	adj.	showing concern for the rights and feelings of others
considerateness	n.	kind and considerate regard for others
consideration	n.	the process of giving careful thought to something
consideration	n.	information that should be kept in mind when making a decision
consideration	n.	a discussion of a topic (as in a meeting)
consideration	n.	kind and considerate regard for others
consideration	n.	a fee charged in advance to retain the services of someone
consideration	n.	a considerate and thoughtful act
considerations	n.	the process of giving careful thought to something
considerations	n.	information that should be kept in mind when making a decision
considerations	n.	a discussion of a topic (as in a meeting)
considerations	n.	kind and considerate regard for others
considerations	n.	a fee charged in advance to retain the services of someone
considerations	n.	a considerate and thoughtful act
considered	v.	deem to be
considered	v.	give careful consideration to
considered	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
considered	v.	show consideration for; take into account
considered	v.	think about carefully; weigh
considered	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
considered	v.	look at attentively
considered	v.	look at carefully; study mentally
considered	v.	regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem
considered	adj.	carefully weighed
consign	v.	commit forever; commit irrevocably
consign	v.	give over to another for care or safekeeping
consign	v.	send to an address
consignee	n.	the person to whom merchandise is delivered over
consignment	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
consignment	n.	the official act of consigning a person to confinement (as in a prison or mental hospital)
consignment	n.	the delivery of goods for sale or disposal
consist	v.	originate (in)
consist	v.	have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in
consist	v.	be consistent in form, tenor, or character; be congruous
consist	v.	be composed of
consistence	n.	a harmonious uniformity or agreement among things or parts
consistence	n.	the property of holding together and retaining its shape
consistency	n.	the property of holding together and retaining its shape
consistency	n.	a harmonious uniformity or agreement among things or parts
consistency	n.	logical coherence and accordance with the facts
consistency	n.	(logic) an attribute of a logical system that is so constituted that none of the propositions deducible from the axioms contradict one another
consistent	adj.	(sometimes followed by `with') in agreement or consistent or reliable; ; - FDR
consistent	adj.	capable of being reproduced
consistent	adj.	marked by an orderly, logical, and aesthetically consistent relation of parts
consistent	adj.	the same throughout in structure or composition
consistory	n.	a church tribunal or governing body
consolable	adj.	able to be consoled
consolation	n.	the comfort you feel when consoled in times of disappointment
consolation	n.	the act of consoling; giving relief in affliction
consolatory	adj.	affording comfort or solace
consolidate	v.	unite into one
consolidate	v.	make firm or secure; strengthen
consolidate	v.	bring together into a single whole or system
consolidate	v.	form into a solid mass or whole
consolidate	v.	make or form into a solid or hardened mass
consolidated	v.	unite into one
consolidated	v.	make firm or secure; strengthen
consolidated	v.	bring together into a single whole or system
consolidated	v.	form into a solid mass or whole
consolidated	v.	make or form into a solid or hardened mass
consolidated	adj.	joined together into a whole
consolidated	adj.	forming a solid mass
consolidation	n.	combining into a solid mass
consolidation	n.	the act of combining into an integral whole
consolidation	n.	something that has consolidated into a compact mass
consoling	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
consoling	adj.	affording comfort or solace
consomme	n.	clear soup usually of beef or veal or chicken
consonance	n.	the repetition of consonants (or consonant patterns) especially at the ends of words
consonance	n.	the property of sounding harmonious
consonant	n.	a speech sound that is not a vowel
consonant	n.	a letter of the alphabet standing for a spoken consonant
consonant	adj.	involving or characterized by harmony
consonant	adj.	in keeping
consortia	n.	an association of companies for some definite purpose
consortium	n.	an association of companies for some definite purpose
conspectus	n.	an overall summary
conspicuous	adj.	obvious to the eye or mind
conspicuous	adj.	without any attempt at concealment; completely obvious
conspicuousness	n.	the state of being conspicuous
conspicuousness	n.	high visibility
conspiracy	n.	a secret agreement between two or more people to perform an unlawful act
conspiracy	n.	a plot to carry out some harmful or illegal act (especially a political plot)
conspiracy	n.	a group of conspirators banded together to achieve some harmful or illegal purpose
conspirator	n.	a member of a conspiracy
conspiratorial	adj.	relating to or characteristic of conspiracy or conspirators
conspire	v.	engage in plotting or enter into a conspiracy, swear together
conspire	v.	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose
constable	n.	a lawman with less authority and jurisdiction than a sheriff
constable	n.	English landscape painter (1776-1837)
constable	n.	a police officer of the lowest rank
constabulary	n.	the force of policemen and officers
constance	n.	a lake in southeastern Germany on the northern side of the Swiss Alps; forms part of the Rhine River
constance	n.	the council in 1414-1418 that succeeded in ending the Great Schism in the Roman Catholic Church
constancy	n.	the quality of being enduring and free from change or variation
constancy	n.	(psychology) the tendency for perceived objects to give rise to very similar perceptual experiences in spite of wide variations in the conditions of observation
constancy	n.	faithfulness and dependability in personal attachments (especially sexual fidelity)
constant	n.	a quantity that does not vary
constant	n.	a number representing a quantity assumed to have a fixed value in a specified mathematical context
constant	adj.	unvarying in nature
constant	adj.	steadfast in purpose or devotion or affection
constant	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
constantine	n.	Emperor of Rome who stopped the persecution of Christians and in 324 made Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire; in 330 he moved his capital from Rome to Byzantium and renamed it Constantinople (280-337)
constantine	n.	a walled city in northeastern Algeria to the east of Algiers; was destroyed in warfare in the 4th century and rebuilt by Constantine I
constantinople	n.	the largest city and former capital of Turkey; rebuilt on the site of ancient Byzantium by Constantine I in the fourth century; renamed Constantinople by Constantine who made it the capital of the Byzantine Empire; now the seat of the Eastern Orthodox Church
constantinople	n.	the council in 869 that condemned Photius who had become the patriarch of Constantinople without approval from the Vatican, thereby precipitating the schism between the eastern and western churches
constantinople	n.	the sixth ecumenical council in 680-681 which condemned Monothelitism by defining two wills in Christ, divine and human
constantinople	n.	the fifth ecumenical council in 553 which held Origen's writings to be heretic
constantinople	n.	the second ecumenical council in 381 which added wording about the Holy Spirit to the Nicene Creed
constellation	n.	an arrangement of parts or elements
constellation	n.	a configuration of stars as seen from the earth
consternation	n.	fear resulting from the awareness of danger
constipate	v.	impede with a clog or as if with a clog
constipate	v.	cause to be constipated
constipation	n.	irregular and infrequent or difficult evacuation of the bowels; can be a symptom of intestinal obstruction or diverticulitis
constipation	n.	the act of making something futile and useless (as by routine)
constituency	n.	the body of voters who elect a representative for their area
constituent	n.	an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system
constituent	n.	a member of a constituency; a citizen who is represented in a government by officials for whom he or she votes
constituent	n.	something determined in relation to something that includes it
constituent	n.	(grammar) a word or phrase or clause forming part of a larger grammatical construction
constituent	n.	an abstract part of something
constituent	adj.	constitutional in the structure of something (especially your physical makeup)
constitute	v.	form or compose
constitute	v.	create and charge with a task or function
constitute	v.	to compose or represent:
constitute	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
constitution	n.	law determining the fundamental political principles of a government
constitution	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
constitution	n.	the constitution written at the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in 1787 and subsequently ratified by the original thirteen states
constitution	n.	the way in which someone or something is composed
constitution	n.	a United States 44-gun frigate that was one of the first three naval ships built by the United States; it won brilliant victories over British frigates during the War of 1812 and is without doubt the most famous ship in the history of the United States Navy; it has been rebuilt and is anchored in the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston
constitutional	n.	a regular walk taken as a form of exercise
constitutional	adj.	of benefit to or intended to benefit your physical makeup
constitutional	adj.	sanctioned by or consistent with or operating under the law determining the fundamental political principles of a government
constitutional	adj.	existing as an essential constituent or characteristic
constitutional	adj.	constitutional in the structure of something (especially your physical makeup)
constitutionalism	n.	a constitutional system of government (usually with a written constitution)
constitutionalism	n.	advocacy of a system of government according to constitutional principles
constitutions	n.	law determining the fundamental political principles of a government
constitutions	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
constitutions	n.	the constitution written at the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in 1787 and subsequently ratified by the original thirteen states
constitutions	n.	the way in which someone or something is composed
constitutions	n.	a United States 44-gun frigate that was one of the first three naval ships built by the United States; it won brilliant victories over British frigates during the War of 1812 and is without doubt the most famous ship in the history of the United States Navy; it has been rebuilt and is anchored in the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston
constrained	v.	hold back
constrained	v.	restrict
constrained	adj.	lacking spontaneity; not natural
constraint	n.	the state of being physically constrained
constraint	n.	a device that retards something's motion
constraint	n.	the act of constraining; the threat or use of force to control the thoughts or behavior of others
constrict	v.	squeeze or press together
constrict	v.	become tight or as if tight
constriction	n.	a narrowing that reduces the flow through a channel
constriction	n.	tight or narrow compression
constriction	n.	a tight feeling in some part of the body
constriction	n.	the action or process of compressing
constrictor	n.	any of various large nonvenomous snakes that kill their prey by crushing it in its coils
construct	n.	an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances
construct	v.	make by combining materials and parts
construct	v.	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts; ; ; He manufactured a popular cereal"
construct	v.	draw with suitable instruments and under specified conditions
construct	v.	create by linking linguistic units
construct	v.	create by organizing and linking ideas, arguments, or concepts
construct	v.	reassemble mentally
construction	n.	the act of constructing something
construction	n.	a group of words that form a constituent of a sentence and are considered as a single unit
construction	n.	the creation of a construct; the process of combining ideas into a congruous object of thought
construction	n.	a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts
construction	n.	drawing a figure satisfying certain conditions as part of solving a problem or proving a theorem
construction	n.	an interpretation of a text or action
construction	n.	the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures or constructing new ones
constructive	adj.	constructing or tending to construct or improve or promote development
constructive	adj.	emphasizing what is laudable or hopeful or to the good
constructiveness	n.	the quality of serving to build or improve
constructor	n.	someone who contracts for and supervises construction (as of a building)
construe	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
consul	n.	a diplomat appointed by a government to protect its commercial interests and help its citizens in a foreign country
consular	adj.	having to do with a consul or his office or duties
consulate	n.	diplomatic building that serves as the residence or workplace of a consul
consulship	n.	the post of consul
consult	v.	get or ask advice from
consult	v.	seek information from
consult	v.	have a conference in order to talk something over
consult	v.	advise professionally
consultancy	n.	the practice of giving expert advice within a particular field
consultant	n.	an expert who gives advice
consultation	n.	a conference (usually with someone important)
consultation	n.	a conference between two or more people to consider a particular question
consultation	n.	the act of referring or consulting
consultative	adj.	giving advice; ,
consumable	adj.	may be used up
consume	v.	eat immoderately
consume	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
consume	v.	spend extravagantly
consume	v.	destroy completely
consume	v.	use up (resources or materials)
consume	v.	engage fully
consumed	v.	eat immoderately
consumed	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
consumed	v.	spend extravagantly
consumed	v.	destroy completely
consumed	v.	use up (resources or materials)
consumed	v.	engage fully
consumer	n.	a person who uses goods or services
consumerism	n.	the theory that an increasing consumption of goods is economically beneficial
consumerism	n.	a movement advocating greater protection of the interests of consumers
consummate	v.	fulfill sexually
consummate	v.	make perfect; bring to perfection
consummate	adj.	having or revealing supreme mastery or skill
consummate	adj.	perfect and complete in every respect; having all necessary qualities
consummate	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
consummated	v.	fulfill sexually
consummated	v.	make perfect; bring to perfection
consummated	adj.	brought to completion
consumption	n.	the process of taking food into the body through the mouth (as by eating)
consumption	n.	involving the lungs with progressive wasting of the body
consumption	n.	(economics) the utilization of economic goods to satisfy needs or in manufacturing
consumption	n.	the act of consuming something
consumptive	n.	a person with pulmonary tuberculosis
consumptive	adj.	tending to consume or use often wastefully
consumptive	adj.	afflicted with or associated with pulmonary tuberculosis
contact	n.	close interaction
contact	n.	the act of touching physically
contact	n.	the state or condition of touching or of being in immediate proximity
contact	n.	the physical coming together of two or more things
contact	n.	a person who is in a position to give you special assistance
contact	n.	a channel for communication between groups
contact	n.	(electronics) a junction where things (as two electrical conductors) touch or are in physical contact
contact	n.	a communicative interaction
contact	n.	a thin curved glass or plastic lens designed to fit over the cornea in order to correct vision or to deliver medication
contact	v.	be in or establish communication with
contact	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
contagion	n.	any disease easily transmitted by contact
contagion	n.	an incident in which an infectious disease is transmitted
contagion	n.	the communication of an attitude or emotional state among a number of people
contagious	adj.	easily diffused or spread as from one person to another
contagious	adj.	(of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection
contain	v.	include or contain; have as a component
contain	v.	contain or hold; have within
contain	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
contain	v.	be divisible by
contain	v.	be capable of holding or containing
contain	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
container	n.	any object that can be used to hold things (especially a large metal boxlike object of standardized dimensions that can be loaded from one form of transport to another)
containerize	v.	package in a container
containment	n.	a policy of creating strategic alliances in order to check the expansion of a hostile power or ideology or to force it to negotiate peacefully
containment	n.	(physics) a system designed to prevent the accidental release of radioactive material from a reactor
containment	n.	the act of containing; keeping something from spreading
contaminant	n.	a substance that contaminates
contaminate	v.	make impure
contaminate	v.	make radioactive by adding radioactive material
contaminated	v.	make impure
contaminated	v.	make radioactive by adding radioactive material
contaminated	adj.	corrupted by contact or association
contaminated	adj.	rendered unwholesome by contaminants and pollution
contamination	n.	the state of being contaminated
contamination	n.	a substance that contaminates
contamination	n.	the act of contaminating or polluting; including (either intentionally or accidentally) unwanted substances or factors
contemn	v.	look down on with disdain
contemplate	v.	look at thoughtfully; observe deep in thought
contemplate	v.	consider as a possibility
contemplate	v.	think intently and at length, as for spiritual purposes
contemplate	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
contemplation	n.	a long and thoughtful observation
contemplation	n.	a calm, lengthy, intent consideration
contemplative	n.	a person devoted to the contemplative life
contemplative	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
contemporaneity	n.	the quality of being current or of the present
contemporaneity	n.	the quality of belonging to the same period of time
contemporaneous	adj.	occurring in the same period of time
contemporaneous	adj.	of the same period
contempt	n.	lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike
contempt	n.	a manner that is generally disrespectful and contemptuous
contempt	n.	open disrespect for a person or thing
contempt	n.	a willful disobedience to or disrespect for the authority of a court or legislative body
contemptible	adj.	deserving of contempt or scorn
contemptibly	adv.	in a manner deserving contempt
contemptuous	adj.	expressing extreme contempt
contemptuousness	n.	the manifestation of scorn and contempt
contender	n.	the contestant you hope to defeat
content	n.	everything that is included in a collection and that is held or included in something
content	n.	what a communication that is about something is about
content	n.	the proportion of a substance that is contained in a mixture or alloy etc.
content	n.	the amount that can be contained
content	n.	the sum or range of what has been perceived, discovered, or learned
content	n.	the state of being contented with your situation in life
content	n.	something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation
content	v.	satisfy in a limited way
content	v.	make content
content	adj.	satisfied or showing satisfaction with things as they are
contented	v.	satisfy in a limited way
contented	v.	make content
contented	adj.	satisfied or showing satisfaction with things as they are
contentedness	n.	the state of being contented with your situation in life
contention	n.	a point asserted as part of an argument
contention	n.	a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement
contention	n.	the act of competing as for profit or a prize
contentious	adj.	inclined or showing an inclination to dispute or disagree, even to engage in law suits
contentious	adj.	involving or likely to cause controversy; - Tim W.Ferfuson
contentiousness	n.	an inclination to be quarrelsome and contentious
contentment	n.	happiness with one's situation in life
conterminous	adj.	connecting without a break; within a common boundary
conterminous	adj.	having a common boundary or edge; abutting; touching
conterminous	adj.	being of equal extent or scope or duration
contestable	adj.	capable of being contested
contestant	n.	a person who participates in competitions
contestant	n.	a person who dissents from some established policy
contested	v.	to make the subject of dispute, contention, or litigation
contested	adj.	disputed or made the object of contention or competition
contiguity	n.	the attribute of being so near as to be touching
contiguous	adj.	very close or connected in space or time
contiguous	adj.	connecting without a break; within a common boundary
contiguous	adj.	having a common boundary or edge; abutting; touching
continence	n.	the exercise of self constraint in sexual matters
continence	n.	voluntary control over urinary and fecal discharge
continent	n.	one of the large landmasses of the earth
continent	n.	the European mainland
continent	adj.	having control over urination and defecation
continent	adj.	abstaining from sexual intercourse
continental	adj.	of or pertaining to or typical of Europe
continental	adj.	of or relating to or concerning the American colonies during and immediately after the American Revolutionary War
continental	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a continent
continental	adj.	being or concerning or limited to a continent especially the continents of North America or Europe
contingency	n.	a possible event or occurrence or result
contingency	n.	the state of being contingent on something
contingent	n.	a gathering of persons representative of some larger group
contingent	n.	a temporary military unit
contingent	adj.	possible but not certain to occur
contingent	adj.	determined by conditions or circumstances that follow
contingent	adj.	uncertain because of uncontrollable circumstances; - George Eliot
continua	n.	a continuous nonspatial whole or extent or succession in which no part or portion is distinct or distinguishable from adjacent parts
continual	adj.	occurring without interruption; chiefly restricted to what recurs regularly or frequently in a prolonged and closely spaced series
continual	adj.	`continual' (meaning seemingly uninterrupted) is often used interchangeably with `continuous' (meaning without interruption)
continuance	n.	the act of continuing an activity without interruption
continuance	n.	the period of time during which something continues
continuance	n.	the property of enduring or continuing in time
continuation	n.	the act of continuing an activity without interruption
continuation	n.	a part added to a book or play that continues and extends it
continuation	n.	a Gestalt principle of organization holding that there is an innate tendency to perceive a line as continuing its established direction
continuation	n.	the consequence of being lengthened in duration
continue	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
continue	v.	continue talking;  he continued,
continue	v.	keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last
continue	v.	move ahead; travel onward in time or space
continue	v.	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
continue	v.	do something repeatedly and showing no intention to stop
continue	v.	continue after an interruption
continue	v.	continue in a place, position, or situation
continue	v.	span an interval of distance, space or time
continue	v.	exist over a prolonged period of time
continuity	n.	uninterrupted connection or union
continuity	n.	a detailed script used in making a film in order to avoid discontinuities from shot to shot
continuity	n.	the property of a continuous and connected period of time
continuous	adj.	continuing in time or space without interruption; - James Jeans
continuous	adj.	of a function or curve; extending without break or irregularity
continuum	n.	a continuous nonspatial whole or extent or succession in which no part or portion is distinct or distinguishable from adjacent parts
contort	v.	twist and press out of shape
contortion	n.	the act of twisting or deforming the shape of something (e.g., yourself)
contortion	n.	a tortuous and twisted shape or position
contortionist	n.	an acrobat able to twist into unusual positions
contra	n.	a member of the guerrilla force that opposed a left-wing government in Nicaragua
contraband	n.	goods whose importation or exportation or possession is prohibited by law
contraband	adj.	distributed or sold illicitly
contrabassoon	n.	the bassoon that is the largest instrument in the oboe family
contraception	n.	birth control by the use of devices (diaphragm or intrauterine device or condom) or drugs or surgery
contraceptive	n.	an agent or device intended to prevent conception
contraceptive	adj.	capable of preventing conception or impregnation
contract	n.	a binding agreement between two or more persons that is enforceable by law
contract	n.	(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make
contract	n.	a variety of bridge in which the bidder receives points toward game only for the number of tricks he bid
contract	v.	enter into a contractual arrangement
contract	v.	engage by written agreement
contract	v.	squeeze or press together
contract	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
contract	v.	become smaller or draw together
contract	v.	make smaller
contract	v.	compress or concentrate
contract	v.	make or become more narrow or restricted
contract	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
contractile	adj.	capable of contracting or being contracted
contractility	n.	the capability or quality of shrinking or contracting, especially by muscle fibers and even some other forms of living matter
contraction	n.	(physiology) a shortening or tensing of a part or organ (especially of a muscle or muscle fiber)
contraction	n.	the process or result of becoming smaller or pressed together
contraction	n.	a word formed from two or more words by omitting or combining some sounds
contraction	n.	the act of decreasing (something) in size or volume or quantity or scope
contractual	adj.	relating to or part of a binding legal agreement
contradict	v.	be in contradiction with
contradict	v.	deny the truth of
contradict	v.	be resistant to
contradict	v.	prove negative; show to be false
contradiction	n.	opposition between two conflicting forces or ideas
contradiction	n.	(logic) a statement that is necessarily false
contradiction	n.	the speech act of contradicting someone
contradictory	n.	two propositions are contradictories if both cannot be true (or both cannot be false) at the same time
contradictory	adj.	of words or propositions so related that both cannot be true and both cannot be false
contradictory	adj.	that confounds or contradicts or confuses
contradictory	adj.	in disagreement; ; - John Morley
contradictory	adj.	unable to be both true at the same time
contradistinction	n.	a distinction drawn on the basis of contrast
contrail	n.	an artificial cloud created by an aircraft; caused either by condensation due to the reduction in air pressure above the wing surface or by water vapor in the engine exhaust
contraindicate	v.	make a treatment inadvisable
contraindication	n.	(medicine) a reason that makes it inadvisable to prescribe a particular drug or employ a particular procedure or treatment
contralto	n.	a woman singer having a contralto voice
contralto	n.	the lowest female singing voice
contralto	adj.	of or being the lowest female voice
contraption	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
contrapuntal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or according to the rules of counterpoint
contrapuntal	adj.	having two or more independent but harmonically related melodic parts sounding together
contrarian	n.	an investor who deliberately decides to go against the prevailing wisdom of other investors
contrariety	n.	the relation between contraries
contrarily	adv.	in a contrary disobedient manner
contrarily	adv.	contrary to expectations
contrariness	n.	deliberate and stubborn unruliness and resistance to guidance or discipline
contrariness	n.	a fussy and eccentric disposition
contrariwise	adv.	in a contrary disobedient manner
contrariwise	adv.	with the order reversed
contrariwise	adv.	contrary to expectations
contrary	n.	a relation of direct opposition
contrary	n.	exact opposition
contrary	n.	a logical relation such that two propositions are contraries if both cannot be true but both can be false
contrary	adj.	very opposed in nature or character or purpose
contrary	adj.	of words or propositions so related that both cannot be true but both may be false
contrary	adj.	resistant to guidance or discipline
contrary	adj.	in an opposing direction
contrast	n.	the opposition or dissimilarity of things that are compared; ,
contrast	n.	the act of distinguishing by comparing differences
contrast	n.	a conceptual separation or distinction
contrast	n.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors
contrast	n.	the range of optical density and tone on a photographic negative or print (or the extent to which adjacent areas on a television screen differ in brightness)
contrast	v.	put in opposition to show or emphasize differences
contrast	v.	to show differences when compared; be different
contravene	v.	go against, as of rules and laws
contravene	v.	deny the truth of
contravention	n.	coming into conflict with
contretemps	n.	an awkward clash
contribute	v.	bestow a quality on
contribute	v.	contribute to some cause
contribute	v.	be conducive to
contribute	v.	provide
contribution	n.	the part played by a person in bringing about a result
contribution	n.	a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause
contribution	n.	act of giving in common with others for a common purpose especially to a charity
contribution	n.	an amount of money contributed
contribution	n.	a writing for publication especially one of a collection of writings as an article or story
contributor	n.	someone who contributes (or promises to contribute) a sum of money
contributor	n.	a writer whose work is published in a newspaper or magazine or as part of a book
contributory	adj.	tending to bring about; being partly responsible for
contrition	n.	sorrow for sin arising from fear of damnation
contrivance	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
contrivance	n.	the faculty of contriving; inventive skill
contrivance	n.	an elaborate or deceitful scheme contrived to deceive or evade
contrivance	n.	an artificial or unnatural or obviously contrived arrangement of details or parts etc.
contrivance	n.	any improvised arrangement for temporary use
contrivance	n.	the act of devising something
contrive	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
contrive	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
contrive	v.	put or send forth
contriver	n.	a person who makes plans
control	n.	power to direct or determine
control	n.	a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person or group) by another
control	n.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc
control	n.	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment
control	n.	the activity of managing or exerting control over something
control	n.	the state that exists when one person or group has power over another
control	n.	discipline in personal and social activities
control	n.	great skillfulness and knowledge of some subject or activity
control	n.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine
control	n.	a spiritual agency that is assumed to assist the medium during a seance
control	n.	the economic policy of controlling or limiting or curbing prices or wages etc.
control	v.	exercise authoritative control or power over
control	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
control	v.	handle and cause to function
control	v.	control (others or oneself) or influence skillfully, usually to one's advantage
control	v.	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard
control	v.	verify by using a duplicate register for comparison
control	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
control	v.	have a firm understanding or knowledge of; be on top of
controllable	adj.	capable of being controlled
controlled	v.	exercise authoritative control or power over
controlled	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
controlled	v.	handle and cause to function
controlled	v.	control (others or oneself) or influence skillfully, usually to one's advantage
controlled	v.	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard
controlled	v.	verify by using a duplicate register for comparison
controlled	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
controlled	v.	have a firm understanding or knowledge of; be on top of
controlled	adj.	restrained or managed or kept within certain bounds
controller	n.	someone who maintains and audits business accounts
controller	n.	a person who directs and restrains
controller	n.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine
controlling	v.	exercise authoritative control or power over
controlling	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
controlling	v.	handle and cause to function
controlling	v.	control (others or oneself) or influence skillfully, usually to one's advantage
controlling	v.	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard
controlling	v.	verify by using a duplicate register for comparison
controlling	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
controlling	v.	have a firm understanding or knowledge of; be on top of
controlling	adj.	able to control or determine policy
controversial	adj.	marked by or capable of arousing controversy
controversy	n.	a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement
controvert	v.	be resistant to
controvert	v.	prove to be false or incorrect
contumacious	adj.	wilfully obstinate; stubbornly disobedient
contumacy	n.	willful refusal to appear before a court or comply with a court order; can result in a finding of contempt of court
contumacy	n.	obstinate rebelliousness and insubordination; resistance to authority
contumelious	adj.	arrogantly insolent
contumely	n.	a rude expression intended to offend or hurt
contuse	v.	injure the underlying soft tissue or bone of
contusion	n.	an injury that doesn't break the skin but results in some discoloration
contusion	n.	the action of bruising
conundrum	n.	a difficult problem
conurbation	n.	an aggregation or continuous network of urban communities
convalesce	v.	get over an illness or shock
convalescence	n.	gradual healing (through rest) after sickness or injury
convalescent	n.	a person who is recovering from illness
convalescent	adj.	returning to health after illness or debility
convection	n.	the transfer of heat through a fluid (liquid or gas) caused by molecular motion
convection	n.	(meteorology) the vertical movement of heat or other properties by massive motion within the atmosphere
convector	n.	a space heater that transfers heat to the surrounding air by convection
convene	v.	meet formally
convene	v.	call together
convener	n.	the member of a group whose duty it is to convene meetings
convenience	n.	the state of being suitable or opportune
convenience	n.	the quality of being useful and convenient
convenience	n.	a toilet that is available to the public
convenience	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
convenient	adj.	suited to your comfort or purpose or needs
convenient	adj.	large and roomy (`convenient' is archaic in this sense)
convent	n.	a religious residence especially for nuns
convent	n.	a community of people in a religious order (especially nuns) living together
conventicle	n.	a secret unauthorized meeting for religious worship
conventicle	n.	a building for religious assembly (especially Nonconformists, e.g., Quakers)
convention	n.	a large formal assembly
convention	n.	something regarded as a normative example
convention	n.	(diplomacy) an international agreement
convention	n.	orthodoxy as a consequence of being conventional
convention	n.	the act of convening
conventional	adj.	following accepted customs and proprieties
conventional	adj.	conforming with accepted standards
conventional	adj.	(weapons) using energy for propulsion or destruction that is not nuclear energy
conventional	adj.	unimaginative and conformist
conventional	adj.	represented in simplified or symbolic form
conventional	adj.	in accord with or being a tradition or practice accepted from the past
conventional	adj.	rigidly formal or bound by convention
conventionality	n.	conformity with conventional thought and behavior
conventionality	n.	unoriginality as a result of being too conventional
conventionality	n.	orthodoxy as a consequence of being conventional
conventionalize	v.	make conventional or adapt to conventions
conventionalize	v.	represent according to a conventional style
conventioneer	n.	someone who attends a convention
convergence	n.	the occurrence of two or more things coming together
convergence	n.	the approach of an infinite series to a finite limit
convergence	n.	a representation of common ground between theories or phenomena
convergence	n.	the act of converging (coming closer)
convergent	adj.	tending to come together from different directions
conversant	adj.	(usually followed by `with') well informed about or knowing thoroughly
conversation	n.	the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc.
conversational	adj.	characteristic of informal spoken language or conversation
conversationalist	n.	someone skilled at conversation
converse	n.	a proposition obtained by conversion
converse	v.	carry on a conversation
converse	adj.	of words so related that one reverses the relation denoted by the other
converse	adj.	turned about in order or relation
convert	n.	a person who has been converted to another religious or political belief
convert	v.	change from one system to another or to a new plan or policy
convert	v.	change the nature, purpose, or function of something
convert	v.	change religious beliefs, or adopt a religious belief
convert	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
convert	v.	cause to adopt a new or different faith
convert	v.	score an extra point or points after touchdown by kicking the ball through the uprights or advancing the ball into the end zone
convert	v.	complete successfully
convert	v.	score (a spare)
convert	v.	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
convert	v.	exchange a penalty for a less severe one
convert	v.	change in nature, purpose, or function; undergo a chemical change
converted	v.	change from one system to another or to a new plan or policy
converted	v.	change the nature, purpose, or function of something
converted	v.	change religious beliefs, or adopt a religious belief
converted	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
converted	v.	cause to adopt a new or different faith
converted	v.	score an extra point or points after touchdown by kicking the ball through the uprights or advancing the ball into the end zone
converted	v.	complete successfully
converted	v.	score (a spare)
converted	v.	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
converted	v.	exchange a penalty for a less severe one
converted	v.	change in nature, purpose, or function; undergo a chemical change
converted	adj.	spiritually reborn or converted
converter	n.	a device for changing one substance or form or state into another
convertibility	n.	the quality of being exchangeable (especially the ability to convert a currency into gold or other currencies without restriction)
convertible	n.	a car that has top that can be folded or removed
convertible	n.	a corporate security (usually bonds or preferred stock) that can be exchanged for another form of security (usually common stock)
convertible	n.	a sofa that can be converted into a bed
convertible	adj.	capable of being exchanged for or replaced by something of equal value
convertible	adj.	designed to be changed from one use or form to another
convertible	adj.	capable of being changed in substance as if by alchemy
convex	adj.	curving or bulging outward
convexity	n.	the property possessed by a convex shape
convexity	n.	a shape that curves or bulges outward
convey	v.	make known; pass on, of information
convey	v.	serve as a means for expressing something
convey	v.	transfer to another
convey	v.	transmit a title or property
convey	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
convey	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
convey	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
conveyance	n.	document effecting a property transfer
conveyance	n.	the transmission of information
conveyance	n.	something that serves as a means of transportation
conveyance	n.	act of transferring property title from one person to another
conveyance	n.	the act of moving something from one location to another
conveyor	n.	a person who conveys (carries or transmits)
conveyor	n.	a moving belt that transports objects (as in a factory)
convict	n.	a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison
convict	n.	a person who has been convicted of a criminal offense
convict	v.	find or declare guilty
conviction	n.	an unshakable belief in something without need for proof or evidence
conviction	n.	(criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed
convince	v.	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
convinced	v.	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
convinced	adj.	persuaded of; very sure
convinced	adj.	having a strong belief or conviction
convincing	v.	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
convincing	adj.	causing one to believe the truth of something
convivial	adj.	occupied with or fond of the pleasures of good company
conviviality	n.	a jovial nature
conviviality	n.	a boisterous celebration; a merry festivity
convoke	v.	call together
convoluted	v.	curl, wind, or twist together
convoluted	v.	practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive
convoluted	adj.	rolled longitudinally upon itself
convoluted	adj.	highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - Sir Walter Scott
convolution	n.	the shape of something rotating rapidly
convolution	n.	a convex fold or elevation in the surface of the brain
convolution	n.	the action of coiling or twisting or winding together
convoy	n.	a procession of land vehicles traveling together
convoy	n.	a collection of merchant ships with an escort of warships
convoy	n.	the act of escorting while in transit
convoy	v.	escort in transit
convulse	v.	make someone convulse with laughter
convulse	v.	be overcome with laughter
convulse	v.	move or stir about violently
convulse	v.	shake uncontrollably
convulse	v.	cause to contract
convulse	v.	contract involuntarily, as in a spasm
convulsion	n.	a sudden uncontrollable attack
convulsion	n.	violent uncontrollable contractions of muscles
convulsion	n.	a violent disturbance
convulsion	n.	a physical disturbance such as an earthquake or upheaval
convulsive	adj.	affected by involuntary jerky muscular contractions; resembling a spasm
convulsive	adj.	resembling a convulsion in being sudden and violent
cony	n.	any of several small ungulate mammals of Africa and Asia with rodent-like incisors and feet with hooflike toes
cony	n.	small short-eared burrowing mammal of rocky uplands of Asia and western North America
cony	n.	any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and short tails; some domesticated and raised for pets or food
coo	n.	the sound made by a pigeon
coo	v.	speak softly or lovingly
coo	v.	cry softly, as of pigeons
cook	n.	someone who cooks food
cook	n.	English navigator who claimed the east coast of Australia for Britain and discovered several Pacific islands (1728-1779)
cook	v.	prepare a hot meal
cook	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
cook	v.	transform and make suitable for consumption by heating
cook	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
cook	v.	transform by heating
cookbook	n.	a book of recipes and cooking directions
cooke	n.	United States journalist (born in England in 1908)
cooke	n.	United States financier who marketed Union bonds to finance the American Civil War; the failure of his bank resulted in a financial panic in 1873 (1821-1905)
cooked	v.	prepare a hot meal
cooked	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
cooked	v.	transform and make suitable for consumption by heating
cooked	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
cooked	v.	transform by heating
cooked	adj.	having been prepared for eating by the application of heat
cooker	n.	a utensil for cooking
cookery	n.	the act of preparing something (as food) by the application of heat
cookhouse	n.	the area for food preparation on a ship
cookhouse	n.	a detached or outdoor shelter for cooking
cookie	n.	any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term)
cookie	n.	the cook on a ranch or at a camp
cookie	n.	a short line of text that a web site puts on your computer's hard drive when you access the web site
cooking	n.	the act of preparing something (as food) by the application of heat
cooking	v.	prepare a hot meal
cooking	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
cooking	v.	transform and make suitable for consumption by heating
cooking	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
cooking	v.	transform by heating
cookout	n.	an informal meal cooked and eaten outdoors
cookware	n.	a kitchen utensil made of material that does not melt easily; used for cooking
cool	n.	the quality of being at a refreshingly low temperature
cool	n.	great coolness and composure under strain
cool	v.	make cool or cooler
cool	v.	loose heat
cool	v.	lose intensity
cool	adj.	neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat
cool	adj.	marked by calm self-control (especially in trying circumstances); unemotional
cool	adj.	(color) inducing the impression of coolness; used especially of greens and blues and violets
cool	adj.	psychologically cool and unenthusiastic; unfriendly or unresponsive or showing dislike
cool	adj.	(used of a number or sum) without exaggeration or qualification
cool	adj.	fashionable and attractive at the time; often skilled or socially adept
coolant	n.	a fluid agent (gas or liquid) that produces cooling; especially one used to cool a system by transferring heat away from one part to another
cooler	n.	a refrigerator for cooling liquids
cooler	n.	an iced drink especially white wine and fruit juice
cooler	n.	a cell for violent prisoners
cooler	adj.	neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat
cooler	adj.	marked by calm self-control (especially in trying circumstances); unemotional
cooler	adj.	(color) inducing the impression of coolness; used especially of greens and blues and violets
cooler	adj.	psychologically cool and unenthusiastic; unfriendly or unresponsive or showing dislike
cooler	adj.	(used of a number or sum) without exaggeration or qualification
cooler	adj.	fashionable and attractive at the time; often skilled or socially adept
coolidge	n.	elected vice president and succeeded as 30th President of the United States when Harding died in 1923 (1872-1933)
coolie	n.	(ethnic slur) an offensive name for an unskilled Asian laborer
coolness	n.	calm and unruffled self-assurance
coolness	n.	the property of being moderately cold
coolness	n.	fearless self-possession in the face of danger
coolness	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
coon	n.	an eccentric or undignified rustic
coon	n.	(ethnic slur) extremely offensive name for a Black person
coon	n.	North American raccoon
coonskin	n.	a raccoon cap with the tail hanging down the back
coop	n.	a farm building for housing poultry
coop	n.	an enclosure made or wire or metal bars in which birds or animals can be kept
cooper	n.	United States industrialist who built the first American locomotive; founded Cooper Union in New York City to offer free courses in the arts and sciences (1791-1883)
cooper	n.	United States film actor noted for his portrayals of strong silent heroes (1901-1961)
cooper	n.	United States novelist noted for his stories of American Indians and the frontier life (1789-1851)
cooper	n.	a craftsman who makes or repairs wooden barrels or tubs
cooper	v.	make barrels and casks
cooperate	v.	work together on a common enterprise of project
cooperation	n.	joint operation or action
cooperation	n.	the practice of cooperating
cooperative	n.	a jointly owned commercial enterprise (usually organized by farmers or consumers) that produces and distributes goods and services and is run for the benefit of its owners
cooperative	n.	an association formed and operated for the benefit of those using it
cooperative	adj.	involving the joint activity of two or more
cooperative	adj.	done with or working with others for a common purpose or benefit
cooperative	adj.	willing to adjust to differences in order to obtain agreement
cooperativeness	n.	the trait of being cooperative
cooperator	n.	an associate in an activity or endeavor or sphere of common interest
cooperstown	n.	a small town in east central New York; site of the National Baseball Hall of Fame
coordinate	n.	a number that identifies a position relative to an axis
coordinate	v.	bring order and organization to
coordinate	v.	bring into common action, movement, or condition
coordinate	v.	be co-ordinated
coordinate	v.	bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation
coordinate	adj.	of equal importance, rank, or degree
coordinated	v.	bring order and organization to
coordinated	v.	bring into common action, movement, or condition
coordinated	v.	be co-ordinated
coordinated	v.	bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation
coordinated	adj.	operating as a unit
coordinated	adj.	being dexterous in the use of more than one set of muscle movements; - Mary McCarthy
coordinated	adj.	intentionally matched
coordination	n.	the skillful and effective interaction of movements
coordination	n.	the regulation of diverse elements into an integrated and harmonious operation
coordination	n.	the grammatical relation of two constituents having the same grammatical form
coordination	n.	being of coordinate importance, rank, or degree
coordinator	n.	someone whose task is to see that work goes harmoniously
coot	n.	slate-black slow-flying birds somewhat resembling ducks
cootie	n.	a parasitic louse that infests the body of human beings
cop	n.	uncomplimentary terms for a policeman
cop	v.	take by theft
cop	v.	take into custody
copacetic	adj.	completely satisfactory; ; - John O'Hara
cope	n.	brick that is laid sideways at the top of a wall
cope	n.	a long cloak; worn by a priest or bishop on ceremonial occasions
cope	v.	come to terms with
copenhagen	n.	the capital and largest city of Denmark; located on the island of Zealand
copernican	adj.	of radical or major importance
copernican	adj.	according to Copernicus
copernicus	n.	Polish astronomer who produced a workable model of the solar system with the sun in the center (1473-1543)
copernicus	n.	a conspicuous crater on the Moon
copier	n.	apparatus that makes copies of typed, written or drawn material
copilot	n.	a relief pilot on an airplane
coping	n.	brick that is laid sideways at the top of a wall
coping	v.	come to terms with
coping	v.	take by theft
coping	v.	take into custody
copious	adj.	large in number or quantity (especially of discourse)
copious	adj.	affording an abundant supply
copiousness	n.	the property of a more than adequate quantity or supply
copland	n.	United States composer who developed a distinctly American music (1900-1990)
copley	n.	American painter who did portraits of Paul Revere and John Hancock before fleeing to England to avoid the American Revolution (1738-1815)
copped	v.	take by theft
copped	v.	take into custody
copper	n.	a ductile malleable reddish-brown corrosion-resistant diamagnetic metallic element; occurs in various minerals but is the only metal that occurs abundantly in large masses; used as an electrical and thermal conductor
copper	n.	a copper penny
copper	n.	uncomplimentary terms for a policeman
copper	n.	a reddish-brown color resembling the color of polished copper
copper	n.	any of various small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae having coppery wings
copper	v.	coat with a layer of copper
copperhead	n.	common coppery brown pit viper of upland eastern United States
copperhead	n.	venomous but sluggish reddish-brown snake of Australia
copperplate	n.	a graceful style of handwriting based on the writing used on copperplate engravings
copperplate	n.	a print made from an engraved copperplate
copperplate	n.	an engraving consisting of a smooth plate of copper that has been etched or engraved
coppery	adj.	of something having the color of copper
copping	v.	take by theft
copping	v.	take into custody
coppola	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1939)
copra	n.	the dried meat of the coconut from which oil is extracted
copse	n.	a dense growth of bushes
coptic	n.	the liturgical language of the Coptic Church used in Egypt and Ethiopia; written in the Greek alphabet
coptic	adj.	of or relating to the Copts or their church or language or art
copula	n.	an equating verb (such as `be' or `become') that links the subject with the complement of a sentence
copulate	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
copulation	n.	the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur
copulative	n.	an equating verb (such as `be' or `become') that links the subject with the complement of a sentence
copulative	adj.	syntactically connecting sentences or elements of a sentence
copy	n.	a reproduction of a written record (e.g. of a legal or school record)
copy	n.	a thing made to be similar or identical to another thing
copy	n.	matter to be printed; exclusive of graphical materials
copy	n.	material suitable for a journalistic account
copy	v.	copy down as is
copy	v.	reproduce someone's behavior or looks
copy	v.	reproduce or make an exact copy of
copy	v.	make a replica of
copybook	n.	a book containing models of good penmanship; used in teaching penmanship
copycat	n.	someone who copies the words or behavior of another
copyist	n.	someone employed to make written copies of documents and manuscripts
copyright	n.	a document granting exclusive right to publish and sell literary or musical or artistic work
copyright	v.	secure a copyright on a written work
copywriter	n.	a person employed to write advertising or publicity copy
coquetry	n.	playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest
coquette	n.	a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men
coquette	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
coquettish	adj.	like a coquette
cora	n.	(Greek mythology) daughter of Zeus and Demeter; made queen of the underworld by Pluto in ancient mythology; identified with Roman Proserpina
coracle	n.	a small rounded boat made of hides stretched over a wicker frame; still used in some parts of Great Britain
coral	n.	a variable color averaging a deep pink
coral	n.	the hard stony skeleton of a Mediterranean coral that has a delicate red or pink color and is used for jewelry
coral	n.	unfertilized lobster roe; reddens in cooking; used as garnish or to color sauces
coral	n.	marine colonial polyp characterized by a calcareous skeleton; masses in a variety of shapes often forming reefs
coral	adj.	of a strong pink to yellowish-pink color
corbel	n.	(architecture) a triangular bracket of brick or stone (usually of slight extent)
corbel	v.	furnish with a corbel
cord	n.	a line made of twisted fibers or threads
cord	n.	a unit of amount of wood cut for burning; 128 cubic feet
cord	n.	a light insulated conductor for household use
cord	n.	a cut pile fabric with vertical ribs; usually made of cotton
cord	v.	stack in cords
cord	v.	bind or tie with a cord
cordage	n.	the amount of wood in an area as measured in cords
cordage	n.	the ropes in the rigging of a ship
cordial	n.	strong highly flavored sweet liquor usually drunk after a meal
cordial	adj.	diffusing warmth and friendliness
cordial	adj.	politely warm and friendly
cordial	adj.	sincerely or intensely felt
cordiality	n.	a cordial disposition
cordite	n.	explosive powder (nitroglycerin and guncotton and petrolatum) dissolved in acetone and dried and extruded in brown cords
cordless	adj.	not having a cord
cordoba	n.	the basic unit of money in Nicaragua; equal to 100 centavos
cordoba	n.	Spanish explorer who discovered Yucatan (1475-1526)
cordoba	n.	a city in southern Spain; center of Moorish culture
cordoba	n.	a city in central Argentina; site of a university founded in 1613
cordon	n.	a series of sentinels or of military posts enclosing or guarding some place or thing
cordon	n.	cord or ribbon worn as an insignia of honor or rank
cordon	n.	adornment consisting of an ornamental ribbon or cord
cordovan	n.	a fine leather originally made in Cordoba, Spain
corduroy	n.	a cut pile fabric with vertical ribs; usually made of cotton
corduroy	n.	a road made of logs laid crosswise
corduroy	v.	build (a road) from logs laid side by side
corduroys	n.	cotton trousers made of corduroy cloth
corduroys	n.	a cut pile fabric with vertical ribs; usually made of cotton
corduroys	n.	a road made of logs laid crosswise
corduroys	v.	build (a road) from logs laid side by side
core	n.	a small group of indispensable persons or things
core	n.	the center of an object
core	n.	the central part of the Earth
core	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
core	n.	a cylindrical sample of soil or rock obtained with a hollow drill
core	n.	an organization founded by James Leonard Farmer in 1942 to work for racial equality
core	n.	the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work
core	n.	(computer science) a tiny ferrite toroid formerly used in a random access memory to store one bit of data; now superseded by semiconductor memories
core	n.	the chamber of a nuclear reactor containing the fissile material where the reaction takes place
core	n.	a bar of magnetic material (as soft iron) that passes through a coil and serves to increase the inductance of the coil
core	v.	remove the core or center from
coreligionist	n.	someone having the same religion as another person
corer	n.	a device for removing the core from apples
corespondent	n.	the codefendant charged with adultery with the estranged spouse in a divorce proceeding
corgi	n.	either of two Welsh breeds of long-bodied short-legged dogs with erect ears and a fox-like head
coriander	n.	Old World herb with aromatic leaves and seed resembling parsley
coriander	n.	dried coriander seeds used whole or ground
coriander	n.	parsley-like herb used as seasoning or garnish
corinth	n.	the modern Greek port near the site of the ancient city that was second only to Athens
corinthian	n.	a man devoted to the pursuit of pleasure
corinthian	n.	a resident of Corinth
corinthian	adj.	or pertaining to the Corinthian style of architecture
corinthian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Corinth or its inhabitants
corinthians	n.	a man devoted to the pursuit of pleasure
corinthians	n.	a resident of Corinth
cork	n.	outer bark of the cork oak; used for stoppers for bottles etc.
cork	n.	(botany) outer tissue of bark; a protective layer of dead cells
cork	n.	a port city in southern Ireland
cork	n.	the plug in the mouth of a bottle (especially a wine bottle)
cork	n.	a small float usually made of cork; attached to a fishing line
cork	v.	close a bottle with a cork
cork	v.	stuff with cork
corkage	n.	a charge added at a restaurant for every bottle of wine served that was not bought on the premises
corker	n.	(dated slang) a remarkable or excellent thing or person
corker	n.	a machine that is used to put corks in bottles
corkscrew	n.	a bottle opener that pulls corks
corkscrew	v.	move in a spiral or zigzag course
corm	n.	solid swollen underground bulb-shaped stem or stem base and serving as a reproductive structure
cormorant	n.	large voracious dark-colored long-necked seabird with a distensible pouch for holding fish; used in Asia to catch fish
corn	n.	tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in America in many varieties; the principal cereal in Mexico and Central and South America since pre-Columbian times
corn	n.	the dried grains or kernels or corn used as animal feed or ground for meal
corn	n.	ears of corn that can be prepared and served for human food
corn	n.	a hard thickening of the skin (especially on the top or sides of the toes) caused by the pressure of ill-fitting shoes
corn	n.	(Great Britain) any of various cereal plants (especially the dominant crop of the region--wheat in Great Britain or oats in Scotland and Ireland)
corn	n.	whiskey distilled from a mash of not less than 80 percent corn
corn	n.	something sentimental or trite
corn	v.	feed (cattle) with corn
corn	v.	preserve with salt
cornbread	n.	bread made primarily of cornmeal
corncob	n.	the hard cylindrical core that bears the kernels of an ear of corn
corncrake	n.	common Eurasian rail that frequents grain fields
cornea	n.	the transparent dome-shaped anterior portion of the outer covering of the eye; it covers the iris and pupil and is continuous with the sclera
corneal	adj.	of or related to the cornea
corneille	n.	French tragic dramatist whose plays treat grand moral themes in elegant verse (1606-1684)
cornell	n.	United States actress noted for her performances in Broadway plays (1893-1974)
cornell	n.	United States businessman who unified the telegraph system in the United States and who in 1865 (with Andrew D. White) founded Cornell University (1807-1874)
corner	n.	a place off to the side of an area
corner	n.	the point where two lines meet or intersect
corner	n.	an interior angle formed by two meeting walls
corner	n.	the intersection of two streets
corner	n.	the point where three areas or surfaces meet or intersect
corner	n.	a small concavity
corner	n.	a temporary monopoly on a kind of commercial trade
corner	n.	a predicament from which a skillful or graceful escape is impossible
corner	n.	a projecting part where two sides or edges meet
corner	n.	a remote area
corner	n.	(architecture) solid exterior angle of a building; especially one formed by a cornerstone
corner	v.	gain control over
corner	v.	force a person or an animal into a position from which he cannot escape
corner	v.	turn a corner
cornerstone	n.	the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained
cornerstone	n.	a stone in the exterior of a large and important building; usually carved with a date and laid with appropriate ceremonies
cornerstone	n.	a stone at the outer corner of two intersecting masonry walls
cornet	n.	a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube and a flared bell and is played by means of valves
cornfield	n.	a field planted with corn
cornflour	n.	starch prepared from the grains of corn; used in cooking as a thickener
cornflower	n.	plant of southern and southeastern United States grown for its yellow flowers that can be dried
cornflower	n.	an annual Eurasian plant cultivated in North America having showy heads of blue or purple or pink or white flowers
cornice	n.	a decorative framework to conceal curtain fixtures at the top of a window casing
cornice	n.	a molding at the corner between the ceiling and the top of a wall
cornice	n.	the topmost projecting part of an entablature
cornice	v.	furnish with a cornice
corning	v.	feed (cattle) with corn
corning	v.	preserve with salt
cornish	n.	a Celtic language spoken in Cornwall
cornish	n.	English breed of compact domestic fowl; raised primarily to crossbreed to produce roasters
cornish	adj.	of or related to Cornwall or its people or the Cornish language
cornmeal	n.	coarsely ground corn
cornstalk	n.	the stalk of a corn plant
cornstarch	n.	starch prepared from the grains of corn; used in cooking as a thickener
cornucopia	n.	a goat's horn filled with grain and flowers and fruit symbolizing prosperity
cornucopia	n.	the property of being extremely abundant
cornwall	n.	a hilly county in southwestern England
cornwallis	n.	commander of the British forces in the American War of Independence; was defeated by American and French troops at Yorktown (1738-1805)
corny	adj.	dull and tiresome but with pretensions of significance or originality
corolla	n.	(botany) the whorl of petals of a flower that collectively form an inner floral envelope or layer of the perianth
corollary	n.	a practical consequence that follows naturally
corollary	n.	(logic) an inference that follows directly from the proof of another proposition
corona	n.	the outermost region of the sun's atmosphere; visible as a white halo during a solar eclipse
corona	n.	(botany) the trumpet-shaped or cup-shaped outgrowth of the corolla of a daffodil or narcissus flower
corona	n.	an electrical discharge accompanied by ionization of surrounding atmosphere
corona	n.	one or more circles of light seen around a luminous object
corona	n.	(anatomy) any structure that resembles a crown in shape
corona	n.	a long cigar with blunt ends
coronal	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
coronary	n.	obstruction of blood flow in a coronary artery by a blood clot (thrombus)
coronary	adj.	surrounding like a crown (especially of the blood vessels surrounding the heart)
coronation	n.	the ceremony of installing a new monarch
coroner	n.	a public official who investigates by inquest any death not due to natural causes
coronet	n.	a small crown; usually indicates a high rank but below that of sovereign
coronet	n.	margin between the skin of the pastern and the horn of the hoof
corot	n.	French painter of Italian landscapes (1796-1875)
corp	n.	a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some state
corpora	n.	capital as contrasted with the income derived from it
corpora	n.	a collection of writings
corpora	n.	the main part of an organ or other bodily structure
corporal	n.	a noncommissioned officer in the Army or Air Force or Marines
corporal	adj.	affecting or characteristic of the body as opposed to the mind or spirit
corporal	adj.	possessing or existing in bodily form; - Shakespeare
corporate	adj.	of or belonging to a corporation
corporate	adj.	possessing or existing in bodily form; - Shakespeare
corporate	adj.	done by or characteristic of individuals acting together
corporate	adj.	organized and maintained as a legal corporation
corporation	n.	a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some state
corporation	n.	slang for a paunch
corporatism	n.	control of a state or organization by large interest groups
corporeal	adj.	having material or physical form or substance;  - Benjamin Jowett
corporeal	adj.	affecting or characteristic of the body as opposed to the mind or spirit
corporeality	n.	the quality of being physical; consisting of matter
corps	n.	an army unit usually consisting of two or more divisions and their support
corps	n.	a body of people associated together
corps	n.	a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some state
corpse	n.	the dead body of a human being
corpulence	n.	the property of excessive fatness
corpulent	adj.	excessively fat
corpus	n.	capital as contrasted with the income derived from it
corpus	n.	a collection of writings
corpus	n.	the main part of an organ or other bodily structure
corpuscle	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
corpuscle	n.	either of two types of cells (erythrocytes and leukocytes) and sometimes including platelets
corpuscular	adj.	of or relating to corpuscles
corral	n.	a pen for cattle
corral	v.	enclose in a corral
corral	v.	arrange wagons so that they form a corral
corral	v.	collect or gather
corralled	v.	enclose in a corral
corralled	v.	arrange wagons so that they form a corral
corralled	v.	collect or gather
corralling	v.	enclose in a corral
corralling	v.	arrange wagons so that they form a corral
corralling	v.	collect or gather
correct	v.	make right or correct
correct	v.	make reparations or amends for
correct	v.	censure severely
correct	v.	adjust for
correct	v.	punish in order to gain control or enforce obedience
correct	v.	go down in value
correct	v.	alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard
correct	v.	treat a defect
correct	adj.	free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth
correct	adj.	socially right or correct
correct	adj.	in accord with accepted standards of usage or procedure
correct	adj.	correct in opinion or judgment
corrected	v.	make right or correct
corrected	v.	make reparations or amends for
corrected	v.	censure severely
corrected	v.	adjust for
corrected	v.	punish in order to gain control or enforce obedience
corrected	v.	go down in value
corrected	v.	alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard
corrected	v.	treat a defect
corrected	adj.	having something undesirable neutralized
correction	n.	the act of offering an improvement to replace a mistake; setting right
correction	n.	a quantity that is added or subtracted in order to increase the accuracy of a scientific measure
correction	n.	something substituted for an error
correction	n.	a rebuke for making a mistake
correction	n.	a drop in stock market activity or stock prices following a period of increases
correction	n.	the act of punishing
correction	n.	treatment of a specific defect
correctional	adj.	concerned with or providing correction
corrective	n.	a device for treating injury or disease
corrective	adj.	designed to promote discipline
corrective	adj.	tending or intended to correct or counteract or restore to a normal condition
correctness	n.	conformity to fact or truth
correctness	n.	the quality of conformity to social expectations
correggio	n.	Italian painter noted for his use of chiaroscuro and perspective (1494-1534)
correlate	n.	either of two or more related or complementary variables
correlate	v.	to bear a reciprocal or mutual relation
correlate	v.	bring into a mutual, complementary, or reciprocal relation
correlate	adj.	mutually related
correlated	v.	to bear a reciprocal or mutual relation
correlated	v.	bring into a mutual, complementary, or reciprocal relation
correlated	adj.	mutually related
correlation	n.	a reciprocal relation between two or more things
correlation	n.	a statistic representing how closely two variables co-vary; it can vary from -1 (perfect negative correlation) through 0 (no correlation) to +1 (perfect positive correlation)
correlation	n.	a statistical relation between two or more variables such that systematic changes in the value of one variable are accompanied by systematic changes in the other
correlational	adj.	relating to or employing correlation
correlative	n.	either of two or more related or complementary variables
correlative	adj.	mutually related
correlative	adj.	expressing a reciprocal or complementary relation
correspond	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
correspond	v.	be equivalent or parallel, in mathematics
correspond	v.	exchange messages
correspond	v.	take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to
correspondence	n.	communication by the exchange of letters
correspondence	n.	compatibility of observations
correspondence	n.	the relation of corresponding in degree or size or amount
correspondence	n.	(mathematics) an attribute of a shape or relation; exact reflection of form on opposite sides of a dividing line or plane
correspondence	n.	similarity by virtue of corresponding
correspondent	n.	someone who communicates by means of letters
correspondent	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
correspondent	adj.	similar or equivalent in some respects though otherwise dissimilar
corresponding	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
corresponding	v.	be equivalent or parallel, in mathematics
corresponding	v.	exchange messages
corresponding	v.	take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to
corresponding	adj.	accompanying
corresponding	adj.	similar especially in position or purpose
corresponding	adj.	conforming in every respect
corridor	n.	an enclosed passageway; rooms usually open onto it
corrie	n.	a steep-walled semicircular basin in a mountain; may contain a lake
corroborate	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
corroborate	v.	give evidence for
corroborate	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
corroborated	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
corroborated	v.	give evidence for
corroborated	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
corroboration	n.	confirmation that some fact or statement is true through the use of documentary evidence
corroboratory	adj.	serving to support or corroborate
corrode	v.	cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid
corrode	v.	become destroyed by water, air, or a corrosive such as an acid
corrosion	n.	a state of deterioration in metals caused by oxidation or chemical action
corrosion	n.	erosion by chemical action
corrosive	n.	a substance having the tendency to cause corrosion (such a strong acids or alkali)
corrosive	adj.	of a substance, especially a strong acid; capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action
corrosive	adj.	spitefully sarcastic
corrugate	v.	fold into ridges
corrugation	n.	a ridge on a corrugated surface
corrugation	n.	the act of shaping into parallel ridges and grooves
corrupt	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
corrupt	v.	make illegal payments to in exchange for favors or influence
corrupt	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
corrupt	v.	alter from the original
corrupt	adj.	lacking in integrity
corrupt	adj.	not straight; dishonest or immoral or evasive
corrupt	adj.	containing errors or alterations
corrupt	adj.	touched by rot or decay
corruptibility	n.	the capability of being corrupted
corruptible	adj.	capable of being corrupted
corruption	n.	lack of integrity or honesty (especially susceptibility to bribery); use of a position of trust for dishonest gain
corruption	n.	in a state of progressive putrefaction
corruption	n.	decay of matter (as by rot or oxidation)
corruption	n.	moral perversion; impairment of virtue and moral principles
corruption	n.	destroying someone's (or some group's) honesty or loyalty; undermining moral integrity
corruption	n.	inducement (as of a public official) by improper means (as bribery) to violate duty (as by commiting a felony)
corruptness	n.	the state of being corrupt
corruptness	n.	lack of integrity or honesty (especially susceptibility to bribery); use of a position of trust for dishonest gain
corsage	n.	an arrangement of flowers that is usually given as a present
corsair	n.	a pirate along the Barbary Coast
corsair	n.	a swift pirate ship (often operating with official sanction)
corset	n.	a woman's close-fitting foundation garment
corset	v.	dress with a corset
corsica	n.	an island in the Mediterranean; with adjacent islets it constitutes a region of France
corsica	n.	a region of France on the island of Corsica; birthplace of Napoleon Bonaparte
corsican	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Corsica or its people
cortege	n.	a funeral procession
cortege	n.	the group following and attending to some important person
cortes	n.	Spanish conquistador who defeated the Aztecs and conquered Mexico (1485-1547)
cortex	n.	the layer of unmyelinated neurons (the grey matter) forming the cortex of the cerebrum
cortex	n.	the tissue forming the outer layer of an organ or structure in plant or animal
cortex	n.	the tissue that surrounds the lens nucleus
cortical	adj.	of or relating to a cortex
cortices	n.	the layer of unmyelinated neurons (the grey matter) forming the cortex of the cerebrum
cortices	n.	the tissue forming the outer layer of an organ or structure in plant or animal
cortices	n.	the tissue that surrounds the lens nucleus
cortisol	n.	an adrenal-cortex hormone (trade names Hydrocortone or Cortef) that is active in carbohydrate and protein metabolism
cortisone	n.	a corticosteroid hormone (trade name Cortone Acetate) normally produced by the adrenal cortex; is converted to hydrocortisone
cortland	n.	large apple with a red skin
corundum	n.	very hard mineral used as an abrasive
coruscate	v.	reflect brightly
coruscate	v.	be lively or brilliant or exhibit virtuosity
coruscation	n.	the occurrence of a small flash or spark
coruscation	n.	a sudden or striking display of brilliance
corvette	n.	a highly maneuverable escort warship; smaller than a destroyer
corvus	n.	a small quadrilateral constellation in the southern hemisphere near Virgo
corvus	n.	type genus of the Corvidae: crows and ravens
cos	n.	ratio of the adjacent side to the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle
cos	n.	lettuce with long dark-green leaves in a loosely packed elongated head
cos	n.	an odorless very poisonous gas that is a product of incomplete combustion of carbon
cos	n.	a hard ferromagnetic silver-white bivalent or trivalent metallic element; a trace element in plant and animal nutrition
cos	n.	one who refuses to serve in the armed forces on grounds of conscience
cos	n.	a state in west central United States in the Rocky Mountains
cosh	n.	a piece of metal covered by leather with a flexible handle; used for hitting people
cosh	v.	hit with a cosh, usually on the head
cosign	v.	sign jointly
cosign	v.	sign and endorse (another person's signature), as for a loan
cosignatory	n.	one of two or more signers of the same document (as a treaty or declaration)
cosignatory	adj.	signing jointly with others
cosigner	n.	one of two or more signers of the same document (as a treaty or declaration)
cosigner	n.	a signer in addition to the principal signer (to verify the authenticity of the principal signature or to provide surety)
cosine	n.	ratio of the adjacent side to the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle
cosmetic	n.	a toiletry designed to beautify the body
cosmetic	adj.	serving an esthetic rather than a useful purpose
cosmetic	adj.	serving an aesthetic purpose in beautifying the body
cosmetically	adv.	for cosmetic purposes to improve appearance
cosmetician	n.	someone who sells or applies cosmetics
cosmetician	n.	someone who works in a beauty parlor
cosmetologist	n.	an expert in the use of cosmetics
cosmetology	n.	the practice of beautifying the face and hair and skin
cosmic	adj.	of or from or pertaining to or characteristic of the cosmos or universe
cosmic	adj.	inconceivably extended in space or time
cosmogony	n.	the branch of astrophysics that studies the origin and evolution and structure of the universe
cosmological	adj.	pertaining to the branch of astronomy dealing with the origin and history and structure and dynamics of the universe
cosmological	adj.	pertaining to the branch of philosophy dealing with the elements and laws and especially the characteristics of the universe such as space and time and causality
cosmologist	n.	an astronomer who studies the evolution and space-time relations of the universe
cosmology	n.	the metaphysical study of the origin and nature of the universe
cosmology	n.	the branch of astrophysics that studies the origin and evolution and structure of the universe
cosmonaut	n.	a person trained to travel in a spacecraft
cosmopolitan	n.	a sophisticated person who has travelled in many countries
cosmopolitan	adj.	growing or occurring in many parts of the world
cosmopolitan	adj.	composed of people from or at home in many parts of the world; especially not provincial in attitudes or interests; - T.B. Macaulay
cosmopolitan	adj.	of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley
cosmos	n.	everything that exists anywhere
cosmos	n.	any of various mostly Mexican herbs of the genus Cosmos having radiate heads of variously colored flowers and pinnate leaves; popular fall-blooming annuals
cosponsor	v.	sponsor together with another sponsor
cossack	n.	a member of a Slavic people living in southern European Russia and Ukraine and adjacent parts of Asia and noted for their horsemanship and military skill; they formed an elite cavalry corps in czarist Russia
cosset	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
cost	n.	the total spent for goods or services including money and time and labor
cost	n.	the property of having material worth (often indicated by the amount of money something would bring if sold)
cost	n.	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something
cost	v.	be priced at
cost	v.	require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice
costliness	n.	the quality possessed by something with a great price or value
costly	adj.	entailing great loss or sacrifice
costly	adj.	having a high price
costume	n.	the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball
costume	n.	unusual or period attire not characteristic of or appropriate to the time and place
costume	n.	the prevalent fashion of dress (including accessories and hair style as well as garments)
costume	n.	the attire characteristic of a country or a time or a social class
costume	v.	dress in a costume
costume	v.	furnish with costumes; as for a film or play
costumer	n.	someone who designs or supplies costumes (as for a play or masquerade)
costumier	n.	someone who designs or supplies costumes (as for a play or masquerade)
cot	n.	a sheath worn to protect a finger
cot	n.	baby bed with high sides made of slats
cot	n.	a small bed that folds up for storage or transport
cotangent	n.	ratio of the adjacent to the opposite side of a right-angled triangle
cote	n.	a small shelter for domestic animals (as sheep or pigeons)
coterie	n.	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose
coterminous	adj.	being of equal extent or scope or duration
cotillion	n.	a ball at which young ladies are presented to society
cotillion	n.	a lively dance originating in France in the 18th century
cotonou	n.	chief port of Benin on the Bight of Benin
cotopaxi	n.	the world's largest active volcano; located in the Andes in north central Ecuador
cotswold	n.	sheep with long wool originating in the Cotswold Hills
cottage	n.	a small house with a single story
cottager	n.	someone who lives in a cottage
cottar	n.	a peasant farmer in the Scottish Highlands
cottar	n.	fastener consisting of a wedge or pin inserted through a slot to hold two other pieces together
cotter	n.	a peasant farmer in the Scottish Highlands
cotter	n.	a medieval English villein
cotter	n.	fastener consisting of a wedge or pin inserted through a slot to hold two other pieces together
cotton	n.	soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state
cotton	n.	fabric woven from cotton fibers
cotton	n.	erect bushy mallow plant or small tree bearing bolls containing seeds with many long hairy fibers
cotton	n.	thread made of cotton fibers
cotton	v.	take a liking to
cottonmouth	n.	venomous semiaquatic snake of swamps in southern United States
cottonmouths	n.	venomous semiaquatic snake of swamps in southern United States
cottonseed	n.	seed of cotton plants; source of cottonseed oil
cottontail	n.	common small rabbit of North America having greyish or brownish fur and a tail with a white underside; a host for Ixodes pacificus and Ixodes scapularis (Lyme disease ticks)
cottonwood	n.	any of several North American trees of the genus Populus having a tuft of cottony hairs on the seed
cottonwood	n.	American basswood of the Allegheny region
cottony	adj.	resembling cotton; as soft as cotton
cotyledon	n.	embryonic leaf in seed-bearing plants
couch	n.	an upholstered seat for more than one person
couch	n.	a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer
couch	n.	a narrow bed on which a patient lies during psychiatric or psychoanalytic treatment
couch	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
couchette	n.	a compartment on a European passenger train; contains 4 to 6 berths for sleeping
cougar	n.	large American feline resembling a lion
cough	n.	a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages; a common symptom of upper respiratory infection or bronchitis or pneumonia or tuberculosis
cough	v.	exhale abruptly, as when one has a chest cold or congestion
coughs	n.	a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages; a common symptom of upper respiratory infection or bronchitis or pneumonia or tuberculosis
coughs	v.	exhale abruptly, as when one has a chest cold or congestion
coulomb	n.	a unit of electrical charge equal to the amount of charge transferred by a current of 1 ampere in 1 second
coulomb	n.	French physicist famous for his discoveries in the field of electricity and magnetism; formulated Coulomb's Law (1736-1806)
coulter	n.	a sharp steel wedge that precedes the plow and cuts vertically through the soil
council	n.	a body serving in an administrative capacity
council	n.	(Christianity) an assembly of theologians and bishops and other representatives of different churches or dioceses that is convened to regulate matters of discipline or doctrine
council	n.	a meeting of people for consultation
councilman	n.	a man who is a council member
councilmen	n.	a man who is a council member
councilwoman	n.	a woman who is a council member
councilwomen	n.	a woman who is a council member
counsel	n.	a lawyer who pleads cases in court
counsel	n.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action
counsel	v.	give advice to
counselor	n.	someone who gives advice about problems
counselor	n.	someone who has supervisory duties at a summer camp
counselor	n.	a lawyer who pleads cases in court
count	n.	the total number counted
count	n.	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order
count	n.	a nobleman (in various countries) having rank equal to a British earl
count	v.	determine the number or amount of
count	v.	have weight; have import, carry weight
count	v.	show consideration for; take into account
count	v.	name or recite the numbers in ascending order
count	v.	put into a group
count	v.	include as if by counting
count	v.	have a certain value or carry a certain weight
count	v.	have faith or confidence in
count	v.	take account of
countable	adj.	that can be counted
countdown	n.	counting backward from an arbitrary number to indicate the time remaining before some event (such as launching a space vehicle)
counted	v.	determine the number or amount of
counted	v.	have weight; have import, carry weight
counted	v.	show consideration for; take into account
counted	v.	name or recite the numbers in ascending order
counted	v.	put into a group
counted	v.	include as if by counting
counted	v.	have a certain value or carry a certain weight
counted	v.	have faith or confidence in
counted	v.	take account of
countenance	n.	the appearance conveyed by a person's face
countenance	n.	formal and explicit approval
countenance	n.	the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British)
countenance	v.	consent to, give permission
counter	n.	table consisting of a horizontal surface over which business is transacted
counter	n.	game equipment (as a piece of wood, plastic, or ivory) used for keeping a count or reserving a space in various card or board games
counter	n.	a calculator that keeps a record of the number of times something happens
counter	n.	a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves and drawers
counter	n.	a person who counts things
counter	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
counter	n.	(computer science) a register whose contents go through a regular series of states (usually states indicating consecutive integers)
counter	n.	a piece of leather forming the back of a shoe or boot
counter	n.	a return punch (especially by a boxer)
counter	v.	speak in response
counter	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
counter	adj.	indicating opposition or resistance
counter	adv.	in the opposite direction
counteract	v.	act in opposition to
counteract	v.	oppose or check by a counteraction
counteract	v.	oppose and mitigate the effects of by contrary actions
counteract	v.	destroy property or hinder normal operations
counteraction	n.	action intended to nullify the effects of some previous action
counterargument	n.	an argument offered in opposition to another argument
counterattack	n.	an attack by a defending force against an attacking enemy force in order to regain lost ground or cut off enemy advance units etc.
counterattack	n.	(chess) an attack that is intended to counter the opponent's advantage in another part of the board
counterattack	v.	make a counterattack
counterbalance	n.	a weight that balances another weight
counterbalance	n.	equality of distribution
counterbalance	n.	a compensating equivalent
counterbalance	v.	adjust for
counterbalance	v.	contrast with equal weight or force
counterbalance	v.	oppose and mitigate the effects of by contrary actions
counterblast	n.	a vigorous and unrestrained response
counterclaim	n.	a claim filed in opposition to another claim in a legal action
counterclaim	v.	set up a claim in opposition to a previous claim
counterclockwise	adj.	in the direction opposite to the rotation of the hands of a clock
counterclockwise	adv.	in a direction opposite to the direction in which the hands of a clock move
counterculture	n.	a culture with lifestyles and values opposed to those of the established culture
countered	v.	speak in response
countered	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
counterespionage	n.	spying on the spies
counterexample	n.	refutation by example
counterfactual	adj.	going counter to the facts (usually as a hypothesis)
counterfeit	n.	a copy that is represented as the original
counterfeit	v.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive
counterfeit	adj.	not genuine; imitating something superior
counterfeiter	n.	someone who makes copies illegally
counterfoil	n.	the part of a check that is retained as a record
countering	v.	speak in response
countering	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
counterinsurgency	n.	actions taken by a government to defeat insurgency
counterintelligence	n.	intelligence activities concerned with identifying and counteracting the threat to security posed by hostile intelligence organizations or by individuals engaged in espionage or sabotage or subversion or terrorism
counterman	n.	someone who attends a counter (as in a diner)
countermand	n.	a contrary command cancelling or reversing a previous command
countermand	v.	cancel officially
countermeasure	n.	an action taken to offset another action
countermen	n.	someone who attends a counter (as in a diner)
countermove	n.	an attack by a defending force against an attacking enemy force in order to regain lost ground or cut off enemy advance units etc.
counteroffensive	n.	a large scale offensive (more than a counterattack) undertaken by a defending force to seize the initiative from an attacking force
counteroffer	n.	an offer made by someone who has rejected a prior offer
counterpane	n.	decorative cover for a bed
counterpart	n.	a person or thing having the same function or characteristics as another
counterpart	n.	a duplicate copy
counterpoint	n.	a musical form involving the simultaneous sound of two or more melodies
counterpoint	v.	to show differences when compared; be different
counterpoint	v.	write in counterpoint
counterpoise	n.	a weight that balances another weight
counterpoise	v.	constitute a counterweight or counterbalance to
counterproductive	adj.	tending to hinder the achievement of a goal
counterrevolution	n.	a revolution whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by a previous revolution
counterrevolutionary	n.	a revolutionary whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by an earlier revolution
counterrevolutionary	adj.	relating to or being a counterrevolution
counterrevolutionary	adj.	marked by opposition or antipathy to revolution
countersign	n.	a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group
countersign	n.	a second confirming signature endorsing a document already signed
countersign	v.	add one's signature to after another's to attest authenticity
countersignature	n.	a second confirming signature endorsing a document already signed
countersink	n.	a hole (usually in wood) with the top part enlarged so that a screw or bolt will fit into it and lie below the surface
countersink	n.	a bit for enlarging the upper part of a hole
countersink	v.	insert (a nail or screw below the surface, as into a countersink)
counterspy	n.	a spy who works against enemy espionage
countersunk	v.	insert (a nail or screw below the surface, as into a countersink)
countertenor	n.	a male singer with a voice above that of a tenor
countertenor	n.	the highest adult male singing voice
countertenor	adj.	of or being the highest male voice; having a range above that of tenor
countervail	v.	compensate for or counterbalance
countervail	v.	oppose and mitigate the effects of by contrary actions
counterweight	n.	a weight that balances another weight
counterweight	v.	constitute a counterweight or counterbalance to
countess	n.	female equivalent of a count or earl
countless	adj.	too numerous to be counted
countrified	adj.	characteristic of rural life
country	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
country	n.	the territory occupied by a nation
country	n.	the people who live in a nation or country
country	n.	an area outside of cities and towns
country	n.	a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography)
countryman	n.	a man from your own country
countryman	n.	a man who lives in the country and has country ways
countrymen	n.	a man from your own country
countrymen	n.	a man who lives in the country and has country ways
countryside	n.	rural regions
countrywide	adj.	occurring or extending throughout a country or nation
countrywoman	n.	a woman who lives in the country and has country ways
countrywoman	n.	a woman from your own country
countrywomen	n.	a woman who lives in the country and has country ways
countrywomen	n.	a woman from your own country
county	n.	(United Kingdom) a region created by territorial division for the purpose of local government
county	n.	(United States) the largest administrative district within a state
countywide	adj.	occurring or extending throughout a county
coup	n.	a sudden and decisive change of government illegally or by force
coup	n.	a brilliant and notable success
coupe	n.	a car with two doors and front seats and a luggage compartment
couperin	n.	French composer of music for organ and a member of a family of distinguished organists (1668-1733)
couple	n.	a pair who associate with one another
couple	n.	a pair of people who live together
couple	n.	a small indefinite number
couple	n.	two items of the same kind
couple	n.	(physics) something joined by two equal and opposite forces that act along parallel lines
couple	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
couple	v.	link together
couple	v.	form a pair or pairs
couple	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
couplet	n.	two items of the same kind
couplet	n.	a stanza consisting of two successive lines of verse; usually rhymed
coupling	n.	a connection (like a clamp or vise) between two things so they move together
coupling	n.	a mechanical device that serves to connect the ends of adjacent objects
coupling	n.	the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes
coupling	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
coupling	v.	link together
coupling	v.	form a pair or pairs
coupling	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
coupon	n.	a negotiable certificate that can be detached and redeemed as needed
coupon	n.	a test sample of some substance
courage	n.	a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear
courageous	adj.	possessing or displaying courage; able to face and deal with danger or fear without flinching; - Herman Melville; - William Wordsworth
courageousness	n.	a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear
courbet	n.	French painter noted for his realistic depiction of everyday scenes (1819-1877)
courgette	n.	marrow squash plant whose fruit are eaten when small
courgette	n.	small cucumber-shaped vegetable marrow; typically dark green
courier	n.	a person who carries a message
course	n.	education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings
course	n.	a connected series of events or actions or developments
course	n.	general line of orientation
course	n.	a mode of action
course	n.	a line or route along which something travels or moves
course	n.	a body of students who are taught together
course	n.	part of a meal served at one time
course	n.	(construction) a layer of masonry
course	n.	facility consisting of a circumscribed area of land or water laid out for a sport
course	v.	move swiftly through or over
course	v.	move along, of liquids
course	v.	hunt with hounds
course	adv.	as might be expected
courser	n.	a huntsman who hunts small animals with fast dogs that use sight rather than scent to follow their prey
courser	n.	formerly a strong swift horse ridden into battle
courser	n.	a dog trained for coursing
courser	n.	swift-footed terrestrial plover-like bird of southern Asia and Africa; related to the pratincoles
coursework	n.	work assigned to and done by a student during a course of study; usually it is evaluated as part of the student's grade in the course
court	n.	an assembly (including one or more judges) to conduct judicial business
court	n.	a room in which a lawcourt sits
court	n.	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state
court	n.	a specially marked horizontal area within which a game is played
court	n.	Australian woman tennis player who won many major championships (born in 1947)
court	n.	the family and retinue of a sovereign or prince
court	n.	a hotel for motorists; provides direct access from rooms to parking area
court	n.	a tribunal that is presided over by a magistrate or by one or more judges who administer justice according to the laws
court	n.	the residence of a sovereign or nobleman
court	n.	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings
court	n.	respectful deference
court	v.	make amorous advances towards
court	v.	seek someone's favor
court	v.	engage in social activities leading to marriage
courteous	adj.	exhibiting courtesy and politeness
courteous	adj.	characterized by courtesy and gracious good manners; -Francis Bacon
courtesan	n.	a woman who cohabits with an important man
courtesy	n.	a courteous or respectful or considerate act
courtesy	n.	a courteous or respectful or considerate remark
courtesy	n.	a courteous manner
courthouse	n.	a government building that houses the offices of a county government
courthouse	n.	a building that houses judicial courts
courtier	n.	an attendant at the court of a sovereign
courtliness	n.	elegance suggestive of a royal court
courtly	adj.	refined or imposing in manner or appearance; befitting a royal court
courtroom	n.	a room in which a lawcourt sits
courtship	n.	a man's courting of a woman; seeking the affections of a woman (usually with the hope of marriage)
courtyard	n.	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings
couscous	n.	a spicy dish that originated in northern Africa; consists of pasta steamed with a meat and vegetable stew
couscous	n.	a pasta made in northern Africa of crushed and steamed semolina
cousin	n.	the child of your aunt or uncle
cousteau	n.	French underwater explorer (born in 1910)
couture	n.	high fashion designing and dressmaking
couturier	n.	someone who designs clothing
covalent	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by covalence
covariance	n.	(statistics) the mean value of the product of the deviations of two variates from their respective means
covariant	adj.	changing so that interrelations with another variable quantity or set of quantities remain unchanged
cove	n.	a small inlet
cove	n.	small or narrow cave in the side of a cliff or mountain
coven	n.	an assembly of witches; usually 13 witches
covenant	n.	a signed written agreement between two or more parties (nations) to perform some action
covenant	n.	(Bible) an agreement between God and his people in which God makes certain promises and requires certain behavior from them in return
covenant	v.	enter into a covenant
covenant	v.	enter into a covenant or formal agreement
coventry	n.	the state of being banished or ostracized (excluded from society by general consent)
coventry	n.	an industrial city in central England; devastated by air raids during World War II; remembered as the home of Lady Godiva in the 11th century
cover	n.	a covering that serves to conceal or shelter something
cover	n.	bedding that keeps a person warm in bed
cover	n.	the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it
cover	n.	the protective covering on the front, back, and spine of a book
cover	n.	a natural object that covers or envelops
cover	n.	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container)
cover	n.	fire that makes it difficult for the enemy to fire on your own individuals or formations
cover	n.	a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink
cover	n.	a recording of a song that was first recorded or made popular by somebody else
cover	n.	a false identity and background (especially one created for an undercover agent)
cover	v.	provide with a covering or cause to be covered
cover	v.	form a cover over
cover	v.	span an interval of distance, space or time
cover	v.	provide for
cover	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
cover	v.	include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory
cover	v.	travel across or pass over
cover	v.	be responsible for reporting the details of, as in journalism
cover	v.	hold within range of an aimed firearm
cover	v.	to take an action to protect against future problems
cover	v.	hide from view or knowledge
cover	v.	protect or defend (a position in a game)
cover	v.	maintain a check on; especially by patrolling
cover	v.	protect by insurance
cover	v.	make up for shortcomings or a feeling of inferiority by exaggerating good qualities
cover	v.	invest with a large or excessive amount of something
cover	v.	help out by taking someone's place and temporarily assuming his responsibilities
cover	v.	be sufficient to meet, defray, or offset the charge or cost of
cover	v.	spread over a surface to conceal or protect
cover	v.	cover as if with a shroud
cover	v.	copulate with a female, used especially of horses
cover	v.	put something on top of something else
cover	v.	play a higher card than the one previously played
cover	v.	be responsible for guarding an opponent in a game
cover	v.	sit on (eggs)
cover	v.	clothe, as if for protection from the elements
coverage	n.	the total amount and type of insurance carried
coverage	n.	the extent to which something is covered
coverage	n.	the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or radio or television
coverall	n.	a loose-fitting protective garment that is worn over other clothing
coverings	n.	a natural object that covers or envelops
coverings	n.	an artifact that covers something else (usually to protect or shelter or conceal it)
coverings	n.	the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it
coverings	n.	the act of protecting something by covering it
coverings	n.	the work of applying something
coverlet	n.	a decorative bedspread (usually quilted)
covert	n.	a flock of coots
covert	n.	a covering that serves to conceal or shelter something
covert	adj.	secret or hidden; not openly practiced or engaged in or shown or avowed
covert	adj.	(of a wife) being under the protection of her husband
covertness	n.	the state of being covert and hidden
covet	v.	wish, long, or crave for (something, especially the property of another person)
covetous	adj.	showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of another's advantages
covetous	adj.	immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
covetousness	n.	an envious eagerness to possess something
covetousness	n.	extreme greed for material wealth
covetousness	n.	reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins)
covey	n.	a small collection of people
covey	n.	a small flock of grouse or partridge
cow	n.	female of domestic cattle:
cow	n.	mature female of mammals of which the male is called `bull'
cow	n.	a large unpleasant woman
cow	v.	subdue, restrain, or overcome by affecting with a feeling of awe; frighten (as with threats)
coward	n.	a person who shows fear or timidity
coward	n.	English dramatist and actor and composer noted for his witty and sophisticated comedies (1899-1973)
cowardice	n.	the trait of lacking courage
cowardliness	n.	the trait of lacking courage
cowbell	n.	a bell hung around the neck of cow so that the cow can be easily located
cowbird	n.	North American blackbird that follows cattle and lays eggs in other birds' nests
cowboy	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowboy	n.	a performer who gives exhibitions of riding and roping and bulldogging
cowboy	n.	someone who is reckless or irresponsible (especially in driving vehicles)
cowcatcher	n.	an inclined metal frame at the front of a locomotive to clear the track
cower	v.	crouch or curl up
cower	v.	show submission or fear
cowgirl	n.	a woman cowboy
cowhand	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowherd	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowhide	n.	leather made from the hide of a cow
cowhide	n.	the hide of a cow
cowhide	n.	a heavy flexible whip braided from leather made from the hide of a cow
cowhide	v.	flog with a cowhide
cowl	n.	protective covering consisting of a metal part that covers the engine
cowl	n.	a loose hood or hooded robe (as worn by a monk)
cowl	v.	cover with or as with a cowl
cowlick	n.	a tuft of hair that grows in a different direction from the rest of the hair and usually will not lie flat
cowling	n.	protective covering consisting of a metal part that covers the engine
cowling	v.	cover with or as with a cowl
cowman	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowmen	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowper	n.	English surgeon who discovered Cowper's gland (1666-1709)
cowper	n.	English poet who wrote hymns and poetry about nature (1731-1800)
cowpoke	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowpox	n.	a viral disease of cattle causing a mild skin disease affecting the udder; formerly used to inoculate humans against smallpox
cowpuncher	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
cowrie	n.	any of numerous tropical marine gastropods of the genus Cypraea having highly polished usually brightly marked shells
cowshed	n.	a barn for cows
cowslip	n.	early spring flower common in British isles having fragrant yellow or sometimes purple flowers
cowslip	n.	swamp plant of Europe and North America having bright yellow flowers resembling buttercups
cox	n.	either of two related enzymes that control the production of prostaglandins and are blocked by aspirin
cox	n.	the helmsman of a ship's boat or a racing crew
cox	v.	act as the coxswain, in a boat race
coxcomb	n.	a conceited dandy who is overly impressed by his own accomplishments
coxcomb	n.	a cap worn by court jesters; adorned with a strip of red
coxcomb	n.	the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds
coxswain	n.	the helmsman of a ship's boat or a racing crew
coy	adj.	affectedly modest or shy especially in a playful or provocative way
coy	adj.	showing marked and often playful or irritating evasiveness or reluctance to make a definite or committing statement
coy	adj.	modestly or warily rejecting approaches or overtures
coyness	n.	the affectation of being demure in a provocative way
coyote	n.	small wolf native to western North America
coyote	n.	someone who smuggles illegal immigrants into the United States (usually across the Mexican border)
coyote	n.	a forest fire fighter who is sent to battle remote and severe forest fires (often for days at a time)
coypu	n.	aquatic South American rodent resembling a small beaver; bred for its fur
cozen	v.	be false to; be dishonest with
cozen	v.	act with artful deceit
cozen	v.	cheat or trick
cozenage	n.	a fraudulent business scheme
cozily	adv.	in a cozy manner
coziness	n.	a state of warm snug comfort
cozy	n.	a padded cloth covering to keep a teapot warm
cozy	adj.	enjoying or affording comforting warmth and shelter especially in a small space
cozy	adj.	having or fostering a warm or friendly and informal atmosphere
cozy	adj.	suggesting connivance
cpa	n.	an accountant who has passed certain examinations and met all other statutory and licensing requirements of a United States state to be certified by that state
cpi	n.	an index of the cost of all goods and services to a typical consumer
cpi	n.	a self-report personality inventory originally derived from the MMPI; consists of several hundred yes-no questions and yields scores on a number of scales including dominance and self acceptance and self control and socialization and achievement etc.
cpr	n.	an emergency procedure consisting of external cardiac massage and artificial respiration; the first treatment for a person who has collapsed and has no pulse and has stopped breathing; attempts to restore circulation of the blood and prevent death or brain damage due to lack of oxygen
cps	n.	the unit of frequency; one hertz has a periodic interval of one second
cpu	n.	(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing
cr	n.	a hard brittle multivalent metallic element; resistant to corrosion and tarnishing
crab	n.	decapod having eyes on short stalks and a broad flattened carapace with a small abdomen folded under the thorax and pincers
crab	n.	a quarrelsome grouch
crab	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Cancer
crab	n.	the fourth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about June 21 to July 22
crab	n.	the edible flesh of any of various crabs
crab	n.	a louse that infests the pubic region of the human body
crab	n.	a stroke of the oar that either misses the water or digs too deeply
crab	v.	direct (an aircraft) into a crosswind
crab	v.	scurry sideways like a crab
crab	v.	fish for crab
crab	v.	complain
crabbed	v.	direct (an aircraft) into a crosswind
crabbed	v.	scurry sideways like a crab
crabbed	v.	fish for crab
crabbed	v.	complain
crabbed	adj.	annoyed and irritable
crabbiness	n.	a disposition to be ill-tempered
crabbing	v.	direct (an aircraft) into a crosswind
crabbing	v.	scurry sideways like a crab
crabbing	v.	fish for crab
crabbing	v.	complain
crabby	adj.	annoyed and irritable
crabgrass	n.	grasses with creeping stems that root freely; a pest in lawns
crabwise	adj.	(of movement) at an angle
crack	n.	a long narrow opening
crack	n.	a narrow opening
crack	n.	a long narrow depression in a surface
crack	n.	a sudden sharp noise
crack	n.	a chance to do something
crack	n.	witty remark
crack	n.	a blemish resulting from a break without complete separation of the parts
crack	n.	a purified and potent form of cocaine that is smoked rather than snorted; highly addictive
crack	n.	a usually brief attempt
crack	n.	the act of cracking something
crack	v.	become fractured; break or crack on the surface only
crack	v.	make a very sharp explosive sound
crack	v.	make a sharp sound
crack	v.	hit forcefully; deal a hard blow, making a cracking noise
crack	v.	pass through (a barrier)
crack	v.	break partially but keep its integrity
crack	v.	break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension
crack	v.	gain unauthorized access computers with malicious intentions
crack	v.	suffer a nervous breakdown
crack	v.	tell spontaneously
crack	v.	cause to become cracked
crack	v.	reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking
crack	v.	break into simpler molecules by means of heat
crack	adj.	of the highest quality
crackdown	n.	severely repressive actions
cracker	n.	a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shortening; unsweetened or semisweet
cracker	n.	a poor White person in the southern United States
cracker	n.	a programmer who cracks (gains unauthorized access to) computers, typically to do malicious things
cracker	n.	firework consisting of a small explosive charge and fuse in a heavy paper casing
cracker	n.	a party favor consisting of a paper roll (usually containing candy or a small favor) that pops when pulled at both ends
crackerjack	n.	someone excellent of their kind
crackerjack	n.	something excellent of its kind
crackle	n.	the sharp sound of snapping noises
crackle	n.	glazed china with a network of fine cracks on the surface
crackle	v.	make a crackling sound
crackle	v.	make a crushing noise
crackle	v.	to become, or to cause to become, covered with a network of small cracks
crackle	adj.	having the surface decorated with a network of fine cracks, as in crackleware
crackling	n.	the residue that remains after animal fat has been rendered
crackling	n.	the sharp sound of snapping noises
crackling	v.	make a crackling sound
crackling	v.	make a crushing noise
crackling	v.	to become, or to cause to become, covered with a network of small cracks
crackpot	n.	a whimsically eccentric person
cradle	n.	a baby bed with sides and rockers
cradle	n.	where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence
cradle	n.	birth of a person
cradle	n.	a trough that can be rocked back and forth; used by gold miners to shake auriferous earth in water in order to separate the gold
cradle	v.	hold gently and carefully
cradle	v.	bring up from infancy
cradle	v.	hold or place in or as if in a cradle
cradle	v.	cut grain with a cradle scythe
cradle	v.	wash in a cradle
cradle	v.	run with the stick
craft	n.	the skilled practice of a practical occupation
craft	n.	a vehicle designed for navigation in or on water or air or through outer space
craft	n.	people who perform a particular kind of skilled work
craft	n.	skill in an occupation or trade
craft	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
craft	v.	make by hand and with much skill
craftily	adv.	in an artful manner
craftiness	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
craftiness	n.	the quality of being crafty
craftsman	n.	a professional whose work is consistently of high quality
craftsman	n.	a creator of great skill in the manual arts
craftsman	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
craftsmanship	n.	skill in an occupation or trade
craftsmen	n.	a professional whose work is consistently of high quality
craftsmen	n.	a creator of great skill in the manual arts
craftsmen	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
crafty	adj.	marked by skill in deception
crag	n.	a steep rugged rock or cliff
craggy	adj.	having hills and crags
cram	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
cram	v.	put something somewhere so that the space is completely filled
cram	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
cram	v.	prepare (students) hastily for an impending exam
crammed	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
crammed	v.	put something somewhere so that the space is completely filled
crammed	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
crammed	v.	prepare (students) hastily for an impending exam
crammer	n.	a student who crams
crammer	n.	a teacher who is paid to cram students for examinations
crammer	n.	a special school where students are crammed
crammer	n.	a textbook designed for cramming
cramming	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
cramming	v.	put something somewhere so that the space is completely filled
cramming	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
cramming	v.	prepare (students) hastily for an impending exam
cramp	n.	a painful and involuntary muscular contraction
cramp	n.	a clamp for holding pieces of wood together while they are glued
cramp	n.	a strip of metal with ends bent at right angles; used to hold masonry together
cramp	v.	secure with a cramp
cramp	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
cramp	v.	affect with or as if with a cramp
cramp	v.	suffer from sudden painful contraction of a muscle
cramping	v.	secure with a cramp
cramping	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
cramping	v.	affect with or as if with a cramp
cramping	v.	suffer from sudden painful contraction of a muscle
crampon	n.	a hinged pair of curved iron bars; used to raise heavy objects
crampon	n.	an iron spike attached to the shoe to prevent slipping on ice when walking or climbing
cranberry	n.	any of numerous shrubs of genus Vaccinium bearing cranberries
cranberry	n.	very tart red berry used for sauce or juice
crane	n.	United States writer (1871-1900)
crane	n.	United States poet (1899-1932)
crane	n.	a small constellation in the southern hemisphere near Phoenix
crane	n.	lifts and moves heavy objects; lifting tackle is suspended from a pivoted boom that rotates around a vertical axis
crane	n.	large long-necked wading bird of marshes and plains in many parts of the world
crane	v.	stretch (the neck) so as to see better
cranial	adj.	of or relating to the cranium which encloses the brain
cranium	n.	the part of the skull that encloses the brain
crank	n.	a bad-tempered person
crank	n.	a whimsically eccentric person
crank	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
crank	n.	a hand tool consisting of a rotating shaft with parallel handle
crank	v.	travel along a zigzag path
crank	v.	start by cranking
crank	v.	rotate with a crank
crank	v.	fasten with a crank
crank	v.	bend into the shape of a crank
crank	adj.	(used of boats) inclined to heel over easily under sail
crankcase	n.	housing for a crankshaft
crankiness	n.	a fussy and eccentric disposition
crankshaft	n.	a rotating shaft driven by (or driving) a crank
cranky	adj.	(used of boats) inclined to heel over easily under sail
cranky	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
cranny	n.	a long narrow depression in a surface
cranny	n.	a small opening or crevice (especially in a rock face or wall)
crap	n.	obscene terms for feces
crap	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
crap	v.	have a bowel movement
crape	n.	small very thin pancake
crape	n.	a soft thin light fabric with a crinkled surface
crape	v.	cover or drape with crape
crape	v.	curl tightly
crapped	v.	have a bowel movement
crapper	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
crappie	n.	small sunfishes of the genus Pomoxis of central United States rivers
crappie	n.	small sunfishes of central United States rivers
crapping	v.	have a bowel movement
crappy	adj.	very bad
craps	n.	expressions used when when two dice are thrown and both come up showing one spot
craps	n.	a gambling game played with two dice; a first throw of 7 or 11 wins and a first throw of 2, 3, or 12 loses and a first throw of any other number must be repeated to win before a 7 is thrown, which loses the bet and the dice
craps	n.	obscene terms for feces
craps	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
craps	v.	have a bowel movement
crapshooter	n.	a gambler who plays the game of craps
crash	n.	a loud resonant repeating noise
crash	n.	a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles)
crash	n.	a sudden large decline of business or the prices of stocks (especially one that causes additional failures)
crash	n.	the act of colliding with something
crash	n.	(computer science) an event that causes a computer system to become inoperative
crash	v.	fall or come down violently
crash	v.	move with, or as if with, a crashing noise
crash	v.	undergo damage or destruction on impact
crash	v.	move violently as through a barrier
crash	v.	break violently or noisily; smash
crash	v.	occupy, usually uninvited
crash	v.	make a sudden loud sound
crash	v.	enter uninvited; informal
crash	v.	cause to crash
crash	v.	hurl or thrust violently
crash	v.	undergo a sudden and severe downturn
crash	v.	stop operating
crash	v.	sleep in a convenient place
crass	adj.	(of persons) so unrefined as to be lacking in discrimination and sensibility
crassness	n.	the quality of being crass--devoid of refinement
crate	n.	a rugged box (usually made of wood); used for shipping
crate	n.	the quantity contained in a crate
crate	v.	put into a crate; as for protection
crater	n.	a bowl-shaped geological formation at the top of a volcano
crater	n.	a faint constellation in the southern hemisphere near Hydra and Corvus
crater	n.	a bowl-shaped depression formed by the impact of a meteorite or bomb
cravat	n.	neckwear worn in a slipknot with long ends overlapping vertically in front
crave	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
crave	v.	plead or ask for earnestly
craven	n.	an abject coward
craven	adj.	lacking even the rudiments of courage; abjectly fearful; ; ; - Spenser
cravenness	n.	meanspirited cowardice
craving	n.	an intense desire for some particular thing
craving	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
craving	v.	plead or ask for earnestly
craw	n.	a pouch in many birds and some lower animals that resembles a stomach for storage and preliminary maceration of food
crawdad	n.	tiny lobster-like crustaceans usually boiled briefly
crawdad	n.	small freshwater decapod crustacean that resembles a lobster
crawford	n.	United States neoclassical sculptor (1814-1857)
crawford	n.	United States film actress (1908-1977)
crawl	n.	a very slow movement
crawl	n.	a swimming stroke; arms are moved alternately overhead accompanied by a flutter kick
crawl	n.	a slow mode of locomotion on hands and knees or dragging the body
crawl	v.	move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground
crawl	v.	feel as if crawling with insects
crawl	v.	be full of
crawl	v.	show submission or fear
crawl	v.	swim by doing the crawl
crawler	n.	a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage
crawler	n.	a person who crawls or creeps along the ground
crawler	n.	terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet; used as bait by anglers
crawlspace	n.	low space beneath a floor of a building; gives workers access to wiring or plumbing
crayfish	n.	warm-water lobsters without claws; those from Australia and South Africa usually marketed as frozen tails; caught also in Florida and California
crayfish	n.	tiny lobster-like crustaceans usually boiled briefly
crayfish	n.	small freshwater decapod crustacean that resembles a lobster
crayfish	n.	large edible marine crustacean having a spiny carapace but lacking the large pincers of true lobsters
crayon	n.	writing implement consisting of a colored stick of composition wax used for writing and drawing
crayon	v.	write, draw, or trace with a crayon
craze	n.	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
craze	n.	state of violent mental agitation
craze	n.	a fine crack in a glaze or other surface
craze	v.	cause to go crazy; cause to lose one's mind
craze	v.	develop a fine network of cracks
crazily	adv.	in an insane manner
craziness	n.	informal terms for insanity
craziness	n.	the quality of being rash and foolish
craziness	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
crazy	n.	someone deranged and possibly dangerous
crazy	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
crazy	adj.	foolish; totally unsound
crazy	adj.	possessed by inordinate excitement
crazy	adj.	bizarre or fantastic
crazy	adj.	intensely enthusiastic about or preoccupied with
creak	n.	a squeaking sound
creak	v.	make a high-pitched, screeching noise
creakily	adv.	in a creaky manner
creaky	adj.	worn and broken down by hard use
creaky	adj.	having a rasping or grating sound
creaky	adj.	of or pertaining to arthritis
cream	n.	the best people or things in a group
cream	n.	the part of milk containing the butterfat
cream	n.	toiletry consisting of any of various substances in the form of a thick liquid that have a soothing and moisturizing effect when applied to the skin
cream	v.	make creamy by beating
cream	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
cream	v.	put on cream, as on one's face or body
cream	v.	remove from the surface
cream	v.	add cream to one's coffee, for example
creamer	n.	a small pitcher for serving cream
creamery	n.	a workplace where dairy products (butter and cheese etc.) are produced or sold
creaminess	n.	the property of having the thickness of heavy cream
creamy	adj.	of the color of cream
creamy	adj.	thick like cream
crease	n.	an angular or rounded shape made by folding
crease	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
crease	n.	a Malayan dagger with a wavy blade
crease	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
crease	v.	make wrinkled or creased
crease	v.	scrape gently
crease	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
create	v.	make or cause to be or to become
create	v.	bring into existence
create	v.	pursue a creative activity; be engaged in a creative activity
create	v.	invest with a new title, office, or rank
create	v.	create by artistic means
create	v.	create or manufacture a man-made product
creation	n.	the human act of creating
creation	n.	an artifact that has been brought into existence by someone
creation	n.	the event that occurred at the beginning of something
creation	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
creation	n.	(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence
creation	n.	everything that exists anywhere
creationism	n.	the literal belief in the account of Creation given in the Book of Genesis
creative	adj.	having the ability or power to create
creative	adj.	promoting construction or creation
creativeness	n.	the ability to create
creativity	n.	the ability to create
creator	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
creator	n.	a person who grows or makes or invents things
creature	n.	a living organism characterized by voluntary movement
creature	n.	a human being; `wight' is an archaic term
creature	n.	a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant or dishonest tasks for someone else
creche	n.	a hospital where foundlings (infant children of unknown parents) are taken in and cared for
creche	n.	a representation of Christ's nativity in the stable at Bethlehem
crecy	n.	the first decisive battle of the Hundred Years' War; in 1346 the English under Edward III defeated the French under Philip of Valois
cred	n.	credibility among young fashionable urban individuals
credence	n.	the mental attitude that something is believable and should be accepted as true
credence	n.	a kind of sideboard or buffet
credential	n.	a document attesting to the truth of certain stated facts
credenza	n.	a kind of sideboard or buffet
credibility	n.	the quality of being believable or trustworthy
credible	adj.	capable of being believed
credible	adj.	(a common but incorrect usage where `credulous' would be appropriate) credulous
credible	adj.	appearing to merit belief or acceptance
credibly	adv.	easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
credit	n.	approval
credit	n.	money available for a client to borrow
credit	n.	an accounting entry acknowledging income or capital items
credit	n.	used in the phrase `to your credit' in order to indicate an achievement deserving praise
credit	n.	arrangement for deferred payment for goods and services
credit	n.	recognition by a college or university that a course of studies has been successfully completed; typically measured in semester hours
credit	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
credit	n.	an entry on a list of persons who contributed to a film or written work
credit	n.	an estimate, based on previous dealings, of a person's or an organization's ability to fulfill their financial commitments
credit	v.	give someone credit for something
credit	v.	ascribe an achievement to
credit	v.	accounting: enter as credit
credit	v.	have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of
creditably	adv.	to a tolerably worthy extent
creditor	n.	a person to whom money is owed by a debtor; someone to whom an obligation exists
creditworthy	adj.	having an acceptable credit rating
credo	n.	any system of principles or beliefs
credulity	n.	tendency to believe readily
credulous	adj.	disposed to believe on little evidence
credulous	adj.	showing a lack of judgment or experience
credulousness	n.	tendency to believe too readily and therefore to be easily deceived
cree	n.	a member of an Algonquian people living in central Canada
cree	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Cree
creed	n.	any system of principles or beliefs
creed	n.	the written body of teachings of a religious group that are generally accepted by that group
creek	n.	a natural stream of water smaller than a river (and often a tributary of a river)
creek	n.	any member of the Creek Confederacy (especially the Muskogee) formerly living in Georgia and Alabama but now chiefly in Oklahoma
creel	n.	a wicker basket used by anglers to hold fish
creep	n.	someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
creep	n.	a slow longitudinal movement or deformation
creep	n.	a pen that is fenced so that young animals can enter but adults cannot
creep	n.	a slow mode of locomotion on hands and knees or dragging the body
creep	v.	move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground
creep	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
creep	v.	grow or spread, often in such a way as to cover (a surface)
creep	v.	show submission or fear
creeper	n.	any plant (as ivy or periwinkle) that grows by creeping
creeper	n.	a person who crawls or creeps along the ground
creeper	n.	any of various small insectivorous birds of the northern hemisphere that climb up a tree trunk supporting themselves on stiff tail feathers and their feet
creepiness	n.	an uneasy sensation as of insects creeping on your skin
creepy	adj.	annoying and unpleasant
creepy	adj.	causing a sensation as of things crawling on your skin
cremains	n.	the remains of a dead body after cremation
cremate	v.	reduce to ashes
cremation	n.	the incineration of a dead body
crematoria	n.	a mortuary where corpses are cremated
crematoria	n.	a furnace where a corpse can be burned and reduced to ashes
crematorium	n.	a mortuary where corpses are cremated
crematorium	n.	a furnace where a corpse can be burned and reduced to ashes
crematory	n.	a mortuary where corpses are cremated
crematory	n.	a furnace where a corpse can be burned and reduced to ashes
crenelate	v.	supply with battlements
crenelation	n.	a rampart built around the top of a castle with regular gaps for firing arrows or guns
crenelation	n.	the action of constructing ramparts with gaps for firing guns or arrows
creole	n.	a person of European descent born in the West Indies or Latin America
creole	n.	a person descended from French ancestors in southern United States (especially Louisiana)
creole	n.	a mother tongue that originates from contact between two languages
creole	adj.	of or relating to a language that arises from contact between two other languages and has features of both
creole	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of native-born persons of French descent in Louisiana
creon	n.	(Greek mythology) the brother of Jocasta and uncle of Antigone who became king of Thebes after the fall of Oedipus
creosote	n.	a colorless or yellowish oily liquid obtained by distillation of wood tar; used as an antiseptic
creosote	n.	a dark oily liquid obtained by distillation of coal tar; used as a preservative for wood
creosote	v.	treat with creosote
crepe	n.	paper with a crinkled texture; usually colored and used for decorations
crepe	n.	small very thin pancake
crepe	n.	a soft thin light fabric with a crinkled surface
crepe	v.	cover or drape with crape
crept	v.	move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground
crept	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
crept	v.	grow or spread, often in such a way as to cover (a surface)
crept	v.	show submission or fear
crepuscular	adj.	like twilight; dim
crescendo	n.	(music) a gradual increase in loudness
crescendo	v.	grow louder
crescendo	adj.	gradually increasing in volume
crescent	n.	any shape resembling the curved shape of the moon in its first or last quarters
crescent	adj.	resembling the new moon in shape
cress	n.	any of various plants of the family Cruciferae with edible leaves that have a pungent taste
cress	n.	pungent leaves of any of numerous cruciferous herbs
crest	n.	the top line of a hill, mountain, or wave
crest	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
crest	n.	the center of a cambered road
crest	n.	(heraldry) in medieval times, an emblem used to decorate a helmet
crest	n.	a showy growth of e.g. feathers or skin on the head of a bird or other animal
crest	v.	lie at the top of
crest	v.	reach a high point
crestfallen	adj.	brought low in spirit
cretaceous	n.	from 135 million to 63 million years ago; end of the age of reptiles; appearance of modern insects and flowering plants
cretaceous	adj.	abounding in chalk
cretaceous	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the third period of the Mesozoic era
cretan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Crete
crete	n.	the largest Greek island in the Mediterranean; site of the Minoan civilization that reached its peak in 1600 BC
cretin	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
cretinism	n.	severe hypothyroidism resulting in physical and mental stunting
cretinous	adj.	afflicted with cretinism
cretonne	n.	an unglazed heavy fabric; brightly printed; used for slipcovers and draperies
crevasse	n.	a deep fissure
crevice	n.	a long narrow depression in a surface
crevice	n.	a long narrow opening
crew	n.	the men and women who man a vehicle (ship, aircraft, etc.)
crew	n.	an organized group of workmen
crew	n.	an informal body of friends
crew	n.	the team of men manning a racing shell
crew	v.	serve as a crew member on
crewelwork	n.	embroidery done with loosely twisted worsted yarn
crewman	n.	any member of a ship's crew
crewman	n.	a member of a flight crew
crewman	n.	a member of a work crew
crewmen	n.	any member of a ship's crew
crewmen	n.	a member of a flight crew
crewmen	n.	a member of a work crew
crib	n.	baby bed with high sides made of slats
crib	n.	a literal translation used in studying a foreign language (often used illicitly)
crib	n.	a bin or granary for storing grains
crib	n.	the cards discarded by players at cribbage
crib	n.	a card game (usually for two players) in which each player is dealt six cards and discards one or two
crib	v.	use a crib, as in an exam
crib	v.	take unauthorized (intellectual material)
crib	v.	line with beams or planks
cribbage	n.	a card game (usually for two players) in which each player is dealt six cards and discards one or two
cribbed	v.	use a crib, as in an exam
cribbed	v.	take unauthorized (intellectual material)
cribbed	v.	line with beams or planks
cribbing	v.	use a crib, as in an exam
cribbing	v.	take unauthorized (intellectual material)
cribbing	v.	line with beams or planks
crichton	n.	Scottish man of letters and adventurer (1560-1582)
crick	n.	a painful muscle spasm especially in the neck or back (`rick' and `wrick' are British)
crick	n.	English biochemist who (with Watson in 1953) helped discover the helical structure of DNA (1916-2004)
crick	v.	twist (a body part) into a strained position
cricket	n.	leaping insect; male makes chirping noises by rubbing the forewings together
cricket	n.	a game played with a ball and bat by two teams of 11 players; teams take turns trying to score runs
cricket	v.	play cricket
cricketer	n.	an athlete who plays cricket
crier	n.	a person who weeps
crier	n.	(formerly) an official who made public announcements
crier	n.	a peddler who shouts to advertise the goods he sells
crime	n.	(criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act
crime	n.	an evil act not necessarily punishable by law
crimea	n.	a Ukrainian peninsula between the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov
criminal	n.	someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime
criminal	adj.	bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure
criminal	adj.	guilty of crime or serious offense
criminal	adj.	involving or being or having the nature of a crime
criminality	n.	the state of being a criminal
criminalize	v.	treat as a criminal
criminalize	v.	declare illegal; outlaw
criminologist	n.	a specialist in criminology
criminology	n.	the scientific study of crime and criminal behavior and law enforcement
crimp	n.	an angular or rounded shape made by folding
crimp	n.	someone who tricks or coerces men into service as sailors or soldiers
crimp	n.	a lock of hair that has been artificially waved or curled
crimp	v.	make ridges into by pinching together
crimp	v.	curl tightly
crimson	n.	a deep and vivid red color
crimson	v.	turn red, as if in embarrassment or shame
crimson	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
crimson	adj.	characterized by violence or bloodshed; - Andrea Parke; - Thomas Gray; - Hudson Strode
crimson	adj.	(especially of the face) reddened or suffused with or as if with blood from emotion or exertion
cringe	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
cringe	v.	show submission or fear
crinkle	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
crinkle	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
crinkle	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
crinkly	adj.	uneven by virtue of having wrinkles or waves
crinoline	n.	a skirt stiffened with hoops
crinoline	n.	a full stiff petticoat made of crinoline fabric
crinoline	n.	a stiff coarse fabric used to stiffen hats or clothing
criollo	n.	a Spanish American of pure European stock (usually Spanish)
criollo	n.	cocoa of superior quality
cripple	n.	someone who is unable to walk normally because of an injury or disability to the legs or back
cripple	v.	deprive of strength or efficiency; make useless or worthless
cripple	v.	deprive of the use of a limb, especially a leg
crippling	v.	deprive of strength or efficiency; make useless or worthless
crippling	v.	deprive of the use of a limb, especially a leg
crippling	adj.	that cripples or disables or incapacitates
crises	n.	an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
crises	n.	a crucial stage or turning point in the course of something
crisis	n.	an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
crisis	n.	a crucial stage or turning point in the course of something
crisp	n.	a thin crisp slice of potato fried in deep fat
crisp	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
crisp	v.	make brown and crisp by heating
crisp	adj.	(of something seen or heard) clearly defined
crisp	adj.	tender and brittle
crisp	adj.	pleasantly cold and invigorating
crisp	adj.	pleasingly firm and fresh
crisp	adj.	(of hair) in small tight curls
crisp	adj.	brief and to the point; effectively cut short
crispiness	n.	firm but easily broken
crispness	n.	a pleasing firmness and freshness
crispness	n.	an expressive style that is direct and to the point
crispness	n.	firm but easily broken
crispy	adj.	tender and brittle
crisscross	n.	a marking that consists of lines that cross each other
crisscross	v.	cross in a pattern, often random
crisscross	v.	mark with or consist of a pattern of crossed lines
crisscross	v.	mark with a pattern of crossing lines
crisscross	adj.	marked with crossing lines
crisscross	adv.	crossing one another in opposite directions
criteria	n.	a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated
criteria	n.	the ideal in terms of which something can be judged
criterion	n.	a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated
criterion	n.	the ideal in terms of which something can be judged
critic	n.	a person who is professionally engaged in the analysis and interpretation of works of art
critic	n.	anyone who expresses a reasoned judgment of something
critic	n.	someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments
critical	adj.	marked by a tendency to find and call attention to errors and flaws
critical	adj.	at or of a point at which a property or phenomenon suffers an abrupt change especially having enough mass to sustain a chain reaction
critical	adj.	characterized by careful evaluation and judgment
critical	adj.	urgently needed; absolutely necessary
critical	adj.	forming or having the nature of a turning point or crisis
critical	adj.	being in or verging on a state of crisis or emergency
critical	adj.	of or involving or characteristic of critics or criticism
criticality	n.	a state of critical urgency
criticality	n.	a critical state; especially the point at which a nuclear reaction is self-sustaining
criticism	n.	disapproval expressed by pointing out faults or shortcomings
criticism	n.	a serious examination and judgment of something
criticism	n.	a written evaluation of a work of literature
criticize	v.	find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws
criticize	v.	act as a critic
critique	n.	an essay or article that gives a critical evaluation (as of a book or play)
critique	n.	a serious examination and judgment of something
critique	v.	appraise critically
critter	n.	a regional term for `creature' (especially for domestic animals)
croak	n.	a harsh hoarse utterance (as of a frog)
croak	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
croak	v.	utter a hoarse sound, like a raven
croak	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
croaky	adj.	like the sounds of frogs and crows
croat	n.	a member of the Slavic people living in Croatia
croatia	n.	a republic in the western Balkans in south-central Europe in the eastern Adriatic coastal area; formerly part of the Habsburg monarchy and Yugoslavia; became independent in 1991
croatian	n.	a member of the Slavic people living in Croatia
croatian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Croatia or its people or language
crochet	n.	needlework done by interlocking looped stitches with a hooked needle
crochet	v.	create by looping or crocheting
crochet	v.	make a piece of needlework by interlocking and looping thread with a hooked needle
crocheting	n.	needlework done by interlocking looped stitches with a hooked needle
crocheting	n.	creating a garment of needlework
crocheting	v.	create by looping or crocheting
crocheting	v.	make a piece of needlework by interlocking and looping thread with a hooked needle
crock	n.	a black colloidal substance consisting wholly or principally of amorphous carbon and used to make pigments and ink
crock	n.	nonsense; foolish talk
crock	n.	an earthen jar (made of baked clay)
crock	v.	release color when rubbed, of badly dyed fabric
crock	v.	soil with or as with crock
crockery	n.	tableware (eating and serving dishes) collectively
crockett	n.	United States frontiersman and Tennessee politician who died at the siege of the Alamo (1786-1836)
crocodile	n.	large voracious aquatic reptile having a long snout with massive jaws and sharp teeth and a body covered with bony plates; of sluggish tropical waters
crocus	n.	any of numerous low-growing plants of the genus Crocus having slender grasslike leaves and white or yellow or purple flowers; native chiefly to the Mediterranean region but widely cultivated
croesus	n.	last king of Lydia (died in 546 BC)
croesus	n.	a very wealthy man
croft	n.	a small farm worked by a crofter
croissant	n.	very rich flaky crescent-shaped roll
cromwell	n.	English general and statesman who led the parliamentary army in the English Civil War (1599-1658)
cromwellian	adj.	of or relating to or in the manner of Oliver Cromwell
crone	n.	an ugly evil-looking old woman
cronus	n.	(Greek mythology) the supreme god until Zeus dethroned him; son of Uranus and Gaea in ancient Greek mythology; identified with Roman Saturn
crony	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
cronyism	n.	favoritism shown to friends and associates (as by appointing them to positions without regard for their qualifications)
crook	n.	someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime
crook	n.	a circular segment of a curve
crook	n.	a long staff with one end being hook shaped
crook	v.	bend or cause to bend
crooked	v.	bend or cause to bend
crooked	adj.	having or marked by bends or angles; not straight or aligned
crooked	adj.	not straight; dishonest or immoral or evasive
crooked	adj.	irregular in shape or outline
crooked	adj.	having the back and shoulders rounded; not erect
crookedness	n.	a tortuous and twisted shape or position
crookedness	n.	having or distinguished by crooks or curves or bends or angles
crookedness	n.	the quality of being deceitful and underhanded
crookes	n.	English chemist and physicist; discovered thallium; invented the radiometer and studied cathode rays (1832-1919)
crookes	v.	bend or cause to bend
crookneck	n.	yellow squash with a thin curved neck and somewhat warty skin
croon	v.	sing softly
crooner	n.	a singer of popular ballads
crop	n.	the yield from plants in a single growing season
crop	n.	a cultivated plant that is grown commercially on a large scale
crop	n.	a collection of people or things appearing together
crop	n.	the output of something in a season
crop	n.	the stock or handle of a whip
crop	n.	a pouch in many birds and some lower animals that resembles a stomach for storage and preliminary maceration of food
crop	v.	cut short
crop	v.	prepare for crops
crop	v.	yield crops
crop	v.	let feed in a field or pasture or meadow
crop	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
crop	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
cropped	v.	cut short
cropped	v.	prepare for crops
cropped	v.	yield crops
cropped	v.	let feed in a field or pasture or meadow
cropped	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
cropped	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
cropped	adj.	(of land or soil) used for growing crops
cropper	n.	small farmers and tenants
cropping	v.	cut short
cropping	v.	prepare for crops
cropping	v.	yield crops
cropping	v.	let feed in a field or pasture or meadow
cropping	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
cropping	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
croquet	n.	a game in which players hit a wooden ball through a series of hoops; the winner is the first to traverse all the hoops and hit a peg
croquet	v.	drive away by hitting with one's ball,
croquet	v.	play a game in which players hit a wooden ball through a series of hoops
croquette	n.	minced cooked meats (or vegetables) in thick white sauce; breaded and deep-fried
crosby	n.	United States singer and film actor (1904-1977)
crosier	n.	a staff surmounted by a crook or cross carried by bishops as a symbol of pastoral office
cross	n.	a wooden structure consisting of an upright post with a transverse piece
cross	n.	a marking that consists of lines that cross each other
cross	n.	a representation of the structure on which Jesus was crucified; used as an emblem of Christianity or in heraldry
cross	n.	any affliction that causes great suffering
cross	n.	(genetics) an organism that is the offspring of genetically dissimilar parents or stock; especially offspring produced by breeding plants or animals of different varieties or breeds or species
cross	n.	(genetics) the act of mixing different species or varieties of animals or plants and thus to produce hybrids
cross	v.	travel across or pass over
cross	v.	meet at a point
cross	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
cross	v.	fold so as to resemble a cross
cross	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
cross	v.	meet and pass
cross	v.	trace a line through or across
cross	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
cross	adj.	extending or lying across; in a crosswise direction; at right angles to the long axis
cross	adj.	annoyed and irritable
crossbar	n.	a horizontal bar that goes across something
crossbar	n.	game equipment consisting of a horizontal bar to be jumped or vaulted over
crossbar	n.	long thin horizontal crosspiece between two vertical posts
crossbeam	n.	a horizontal beam that extends across something
crossbones	n.	two crossed bones (or a representation of two crossed bones) used as a symbol danger or death
crossbow	n.	a bow fixed transversely on a wooden stock grooved to direct the arrow (quarrel)
crossbred	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
crossbred	adj.	bred from parents of different varieties or species
crossbreed	n.	(genetics) an organism that is the offspring of genetically dissimilar parents or stock; especially offspring produced by breeding plants or animals of different varieties or breeds or species
crossbreed	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
crosscheck	n.	an instance of confirming something by considering information from several sources
crosscheck	n.	an illegal check (chopping at an opponent's arms or stick)
crosscurrent	n.	a stretch of turbulent water in a river or the sea caused by one current flowing into or across another current
crosscurrent	n.	actions counter to the main group activity
crosscut	n.	a diagonal path
crosscut	n.	a route shorter than the usual one
crosscut	v.	cut using a diagonal line
crosscutting	v.	cut using a diagonal line
crosser	adj.	extending or lying across; in a crosswise direction; at right angles to the long axis
crosser	adj.	annoyed and irritable
crossfire	n.	a lively or heated interchange of ideas and opinions
crossfire	n.	fire from two or more points so that the lines of fire cross
crosshatch	n.	shading consisting of multiple crossing lines
crosshatch	v.	shade with multiple crossing lines
crossing	n.	traveling across
crossing	n.	a shallow area in a stream that can be forded
crossing	n.	a point where two lines (paths or arcs etc.) intersect
crossing	n.	a junction where one street or road crosses another
crossing	n.	a path (often marked) where something (as a street or railroad) can be crossed to get from one side to the other
crossing	n.	(genetics) the act of mixing different species or varieties of animals or plants and thus to produce hybrids
crossing	n.	a voyage across a body of water (usually across the Atlantic Ocean)
crossing	v.	travel across or pass over
crossing	v.	meet at a point
crossing	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
crossing	v.	fold so as to resemble a cross
crossing	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
crossing	v.	meet and pass
crossing	v.	trace a line through or across
crossing	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
crossly	adv.	in an ill-natured manner
crossness	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
crossness	n.	a disposition to be ill-tempered
crossover	n.	the interchange of sections between pairing homologous chromosomes during the prophase of meiosis
crossover	n.	a voter who is registered as a member of one political party but who votes in the primary of another party
crossover	n.	the appropriation of a new style (especially in popular music) by combining elements of different genres in order to appeal to a wider audience
crossover	n.	a path (often marked) where something (as a street or railroad) can be crossed to get from one side to the other
crosspatch	n.	a bad-tempered person
crosspiece	n.	a horizontal beam that extends across something
crosspiece	n.	a transverse brace
crossroad	n.	a junction where one street or road crosses another
crossroads	n.	a community of people smaller than a village
crossroads	n.	a crisis situation or point in time when a critical decision must be made
crossroads	n.	a point where a choice must be made
crossroads	n.	a junction where one street or road crosses another
crosstown	adj.	going or extending across a town or city
crosstown	adv.	across a town or city
crosswalk	n.	a path (often marked) where something (as a street or railroad) can be crossed to get from one side to the other
crosswind	n.	wind blowing across the path of a ship or aircraft
crosswise	adj.	lying or extending across the length of a thing or in a cross direction
crosswise	adj.	in the shape of (a horizontal piece on) a cross
crosswise	adv.	not in the intended manner
crosswise	adv.	transversely
crossword	n.	a puzzle in which words corresponding to numbered clues are to be found and written in to squares in the puzzle
crotch	n.	the region of the angle formed by the junction of two branches
crotch	n.	the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human trunk
crotch	n.	external sex organ
crotchet	n.	a sharp curve or crook; a shape resembling a hook
crotchet	n.	a musical note having the time value of a quarter of a whole note
crotchet	n.	a strange attitude or habit
crotchet	n.	a small tool or hooklike implement
crotchety	adj.	having a difficult and contrary disposition; - Dorothy Sayers
crouch	n.	the act of bending low with the limbs close to the body
crouch	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
crouch	v.	sit on one's heels
croup	n.	a disease of infants and young children; harsh coughing and hoarseness and fever and difficult breathing
croup	n.	the part of an animal that corresponds to the human buttocks
croupier	n.	someone who collects and pays bets at a gaming table
croupy	adj.	resembling or arising from or indicating croup
crouton	n.	a small piece of toasted or fried bread; served in soup or salads
crow	n.	black birds having a raucous call
crow	n.	the cry of a cock (or an imitation of it)
crow	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly living in eastern Montana
crow	n.	a small quadrilateral constellation in the southern hemisphere near Virgo
crow	n.	an instance of boastful talk
crow	n.	a Siouan language spoken by the Crow
crow	v.	dwell on with satisfaction
crow	v.	express pleasure verbally
crow	v.	utter shrill sounds
crowbar	n.	a heavy iron lever with one end forged into a wedge
crowd	n.	a large number of things or people considered together
crowd	n.	an informal body of friends
crowd	v.	cause to herd, drive, or crowd together
crowd	v.	fill or occupy to the point of overflowing
crowd	v.	to gather together in large numbers
crowd	v.	approach a certain age or speed
crowded	v.	cause to herd, drive, or crowd together
crowded	v.	fill or occupy to the point of overflowing
crowded	v.	to gather together in large numbers
crowded	v.	approach a certain age or speed
crowded	adj.	overfilled or compacted or concentrated
crowfoot	n.	any of various plants of the genus Ranunculus
crown	n.	the Crown (or the reigning monarch) as the symbol of the power and authority of a monarchy
crown	n.	the part of a tooth above the gum that is covered with enamel
crown	n.	a wreath or garland worn on the head to signify victory
crown	n.	an ornamental jeweled headdress signifying sovereignty
crown	n.	the part of a hat (the vertex) that covers the crown of the head
crown	n.	an English coin worth 5 shillings
crown	n.	the upper branches and leaves of a tree or other plant
crown	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
crown	n.	the award given to the champion
crown	n.	the top of the head
crown	n.	(dentistry) dental appliance consisting of an artificial crown for a broken or decayed tooth
crown	n.	the center of a cambered road
crown	v.	invest with regal power; enthrone
crown	v.	be the culminating event
crown	v.	form the topmost part of
crown	v.	put an enamel cover on
crowned	v.	invest with regal power; enthrone
crowned	v.	be the culminating event
crowned	v.	form the topmost part of
crowned	v.	put an enamel cover on
crowned	adj.	having an (artificial) crown on a tooth
crowned	adj.	crowned with or as if with laurel symbolizing victory
crowned	adj.	provided with or as if with a crown or a crown as specified; often used in combination
crt	n.	a vacuum tube in which a hot cathode emits a beam of electrons that pass through a high voltage anode and are focused or deflected before hitting a phosphorescent screen
crucial	adj.	of extreme importance; vital to the resolution of a crisis
crucial	adj.	having crucial relevance
crucial	adj.	of the greatest importance
crucible	n.	a vessel made of material that does not melt easily; used for high temperature chemical reactions
crucifix	n.	representation of the cross on which Jesus died
crucifix	n.	a gymnastic exercise performed on the rings when the gymnast supports himself with both arms extended horizontally
crucifixion	n.	the act of executing by a method widespread in the ancient world; the victim's hands and feet are bound or nailed to a cross
crucifixion	n.	the death of Jesus by crucifixion
crucifixion	n.	the infliction of extremely painful punishment or suffering
cruciform	adj.	shaped like a cross
crucify	v.	kill by nailing onto a cross
crucify	v.	treat cruelly
crucify	v.	hold within limits and control
crucify	v.	criticize harshly or violently
crud	n.	heavy wet snow that is unsuitable for skiing
crud	n.	any substance considered disgustingly foul or unpleasant
crud	n.	an ill-defined bodily ailment
cruddy	adj.	characterized by obscenity
crude	n.	a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
crude	adj.	not carefully or expertly made
crude	adj.	conspicuously and tastelessly indecent
crude	adj.	not refined or processed
crude	adj.	belonging to an early stage of technical development; characterized by simplicity and (often) crudeness
crude	adj.	devoid of any qualifications or disguise or adornment
crude	adj.	not processed or subjected to analysis
crudeness	n.	a wild or unrefined state
crudeness	n.	an impolite manner that is vulgar and lacking tact or refinement
crudeness	n.	an unpolished unrefined quality
crudites	n.	raw vegetables cut into bite-sized strips and served with a dip
crudity	n.	a wild or unrefined state
crudity	n.	an impolite manner that is vulgar and lacking tact or refinement
cruel	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
cruelness	n.	the quality of being cruel and causing tension or annoyance
cruelty	n.	a cruel act; a deliberate infliction of pain and suffering
cruelty	n.	feelings of extreme heartlessness
cruelty	n.	the quality of being cruel and causing tension or annoyance
cruet	n.	bottle that holds wine or oil or vinegar for the table
cruise	n.	an ocean trip taken for pleasure
cruise	v.	drive around aimlessly but ostentatiously and at leisure
cruise	v.	travel at a moderate speed
cruise	v.	look for a sexual partner in a public place
cruise	v.	sail or travel about for pleasure, relaxation, or sightseeing
cruiser	n.	a car in which policemen cruise the streets; equipped with radiotelephonic communications to headquarters
cruiser	n.	a large fast warship; smaller than a battleship and larger than a destroyer
cruiser	n.	a large motorboat that has a cabin and plumbing and other conveniences necessary for living on board
cruller	n.	small friedcake formed into twisted strips and fried; richer than doughnuts
crumb	n.	a very small quantity of something
crumb	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
crumb	n.	small piece of e.g. bread or cake
crumb	v.	coat with bread crumbs
crumb	v.	break into crumbs
crumb	v.	remove crumbs from
crumble	v.	fall apart
crumble	v.	break or fall apart into fragments
crumble	v.	fall into decay or ruin
crumbliness	n.	excessive breakableness
crumbly	adj.	easily broken into small fragments or reduced to powder
crummy	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
crumpet	n.	a thick soft cake with a porous texture; cooked on a griddle
crumple	v.	fall apart
crumple	v.	fold or collapse
crumple	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
crumple	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
crunch	n.	the sound of something crunching
crunch	n.	a critical situation that arises because of a shortage (as a shortage of time or money or resources)
crunch	n.	the act of crushing
crunch	v.	make a crushing noise
crunch	v.	press or grind with a crushing noise
crunch	v.	chew noisily
crunch	v.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading
crupper	n.	a strap from the back of a saddle passing under the horse's tail; prevents saddle from slipping forward
crusade	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
crusade	n.	any of the more or less continuous military expeditions in the 11th to 13th centuries when Christian powers of Europe tried to recapture the Holy Land from the Muslims
crusade	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
crusade	v.	go on a crusade; fight a holy war
crusader	n.	a disputant who advocates reform
crusader	n.	a warrior who engages in a holy war
cruse	n.	small jar; holds liquid (oil or water)
crush	n.	leather that has had its grain pattern accentuated
crush	n.	a dense crowd of people
crush	n.	temporary love of an adolescent
crush	n.	the act of crushing
crush	v.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority
crush	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
crush	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
crush	v.	break into small pieces
crush	v.	humiliate or depress completely
crush	v.	crush or bruise
crush	v.	make ineffective
crush	v.	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure
crusher	n.	a device that crushes something
crushing	n.	forceful prevention; putting down by power or authority
crushing	v.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority
crushing	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
crushing	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
crushing	v.	break into small pieces
crushing	v.	humiliate or depress completely
crushing	v.	crush or bruise
crushing	v.	make ineffective
crushing	v.	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure
crushing	adj.	physically or spiritually devastating; often used in combination
crust	n.	the outer layer of the Earth
crust	n.	a hard outer layer that covers something
crust	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
crust	v.	form a crust or form into a crust
crustacean	n.	any mainly aquatic arthropod usually having a segmented body and chitinous exoskeleton
crustacean	adj.	of or belonging to the class Crustacea
crustal	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the crust of the earth or moon
crusty	adj.	having a hardened crust as a covering
crusty	adj.	brusque and surly and forbidding
crutch	n.	a wooden or metal staff that fits under the armpit and reaches to the ground; used by disabled person while walking
crutch	n.	anything that serves as an expedient
crux	n.	a small conspicuous constellation in the southern hemisphere in the Milky Way near Centaurus
crux	n.	the most important point
cry	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
cry	n.	a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate)
cry	n.	a slogan used to rally support for a cause
cry	n.	a fit of weeping
cry	n.	the characteristic utterance of an animal
cry	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
cry	v.	shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain
cry	v.	utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy
cry	v.	proclaim or announce in public
cry	v.	demand immediate action
cry	v.	utter a characteristic sound
cry	v.	bring into a particular state by crying
crybaby	n.	a person who lacks confidence, is irresolute and wishy-washy
crybaby	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
cryogenic	adj.	of or relating to very low temperatures
cryogenics	n.	the branch of physics that studies the phenomena that occur at very low temperatures
cryonics	n.	the freezing of a seriously ill or recently deceased person to stop tissues from decomposing; the body is preserved until new medical cures are developed that might bring the person back to life
cryosurgery	n.	the use of extreme cold (usually liquid nitrogen) to destroy unwanted tissue (warts or cataracts or skin cancers)
crypt	n.	a cellar or vault or underground burial chamber (especially beneath a church)
cryptanalysis	n.	the science of analyzing and deciphering codes and ciphers and cryptograms
cryptic	adj.	of an obscure nature; ; ; ; - Rachel Carson
cryptic	adj.	having a secret or hidden meaning; ; ; - John Gunther
cryptic	adj.	having a puzzling terseness
cryptically	adv.	in a cryptic manner;  he said cryptically
cryptogram	n.	a piece of writing in code or cipher
cryptographer	n.	decoder skilled in the analysis of codes and cryptograms
cryptography	n.	the science of analyzing and deciphering codes and ciphers and cryptograms
cryptography	n.	act of writing in code or cipher
crystal	n.	a solid formed by the solidification of a chemical and having a highly regular atomic structure
crystal	n.	a crystalline element used as a component in various electronic devices
crystal	n.	a rock formed by the solidification of a substance; has regularly repeating internal structure; external plane faces
crystal	n.	colorless glass made of almost pure silica
crystal	n.	glassware made of quartz
crystal	n.	a protective cover that protects the face of a watch
crystalline	adj.	consisting of or containing or of the nature of crystals
crystalline	adj.	distinctly or sharply outlined; - John Buchan
crystalline	adj.	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
crystallization	n.	the formation of crystals
crystallization	n.	a rock formed by the solidification of a substance; has regularly repeating internal structure; external plane faces
crystallization	n.	a mental synthesis that becomes fixed or concrete by a process resembling crystal formation
crystallize	v.	cause to take on a definite and clear shape
crystallize	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
crystallize	v.	cause to form crystals or assume crystalline form
crystallize	v.	assume crystalline form; become crystallized
crystallography	n.	the branch of science that studies the formation and structure of crystals
css	n.	a soft silver-white ductile metallic element (liquid at normal temperatures); the most electropositive and alkaline metal
cst	n.	standard time in the 6th time zone west of Greenwich, reckoned at the 90th meridian; used in the central United States
ct	n.	a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
ct	n.	a method of examining body organs by scanning them with X rays and using a computer to construct a series of cross-sectional scans along a single axis
cu	n.	a ductile malleable reddish-brown corrosion-resistant diamagnetic metallic element; occurs in various minerals but is the only metal that occurs abundantly in large masses; used as an electrical and thermal conductor
cub	n.	an awkward and inexperienced youth
cub	n.	a male child (a familiar term of address to a boy)
cub	n.	the young of certain carnivorous mammals such as the bear or wolf or lion
cub	v.	give birth to cubs
cuba	n.	a communist state in the Caribbean on the island of Cuba
cuba	n.	the largest island in the West Indies
cuban	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cuba
cuban	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Cuba or the people of Cuba
cubbyhole	n.	a small compartment
cubbyhole	n.	a small secluded room
cube	n.	a hexahedron with six equal squares as faces
cube	n.	a three-dimensional shape with six square or rectangular sides
cube	n.	the product of three equal terms
cube	n.	any of several tropical American woody plants of the genus Lonchocarpus whose roots are used locally as a fish poison and commercially as a source of rotenone
cube	n.	a block in the (approximate) shape of a cube
cube	v.	raise to the third power
cube	v.	cut into cubes
cubic	adj.	having three dimensions
cubical	adj.	shaped like a cube
cubicle	n.	small room in which a monk or nun lives
cubicle	n.	small individual study area in a library
cubicle	n.	small area set off by walls for special use
cubism	n.	an artistic movement in France beginning in 1907 that featured surfaces of geometrical planes
cubist	n.	an artist who adheres to the principles of cubism
cubist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of cubism
cubit	n.	an ancient unit of length based on the length of the forearm
cuboid	n.	a rectangular parallelepiped
cuboid	adj.	shaped like a cube
cuckold	n.	a man whose wife committed adultery
cuckold	v.	be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage
cuckoldry	n.	the practice of making cuckolds; sexual conquests of married women
cuckoo	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
cuckoo	n.	any of numerous European and North American birds having pointed wings and a long tail
cuckoo	v.	repeat monotonously, like a cuckoo repeats his call
cucumber	n.	a melon vine of the genus Cucumis; cultivated from earliest times for its cylindrical green fruit
cucumber	n.	cylindrical green fruit with thin green rind and white flesh eaten as a vegetable; related to melons
cud	n.	food of a ruminant regurgitated to be chewed again
cud	n.	a wad of something chewable as tobacco
cuddle	n.	a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace
cuddle	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
cuddle	v.	hold (a person or thing) close, as for affection, comfort, or warmth
cuddly	adj.	inviting cuddling or hugging
cudgel	n.	a club that is used as a weapon
cudgel	v.	strike with a cudgel
cue	n.	an actor's line that immediately precedes and serves as a reminder for some action or speech
cue	n.	evidence that helps to solve a problem
cue	n.	a stimulus that provides information about what to do
cue	n.	sports implement consisting of a tapering rod used to strike a cue ball in pool or billiards
cue	v.	assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned
cuff	n.	the lap consisting of a turned-back hem encircling the end of the sleeve or leg
cuff	n.	shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; usually used in pairs
cuff	v.	hit with the hand
cuff	v.	confine or restrain with or as if with manacles or handcuffs
cuisine	n.	the practice or manner of preparing food or the food so prepared
culbertson	n.	United States authority on contract bridge whose books helped to popularize the game (1891-1955)
culinary	adj.	of or relating to or used in cooking
cull	n.	the person or thing that is rejected or set aside as inferior in quality
cull	v.	remove something that has been rejected
cull	v.	look for and gather
culminate	v.	end, especially to reach a final or climactic stage
culminate	v.	bring to a head or to the highest point
culminate	v.	reach the highest or most decisive point
culminate	v.	reach the highest altitude or the meridian, of a celestial body
culminate	v.	rise to, or form, a summit
culmination	n.	a final climactic stage
culmination	n.	(astronomy) a heavenly body's highest celestial point above an observer's horizon
culmination	n.	the decisive moment in a novel or play
culmination	n.	a concluding action
culotte	n.	a divided skirt
culpability	n.	a state of guilt
culpable	adj.	deserving blame or censure as being wrong or evil or injurious
culpably	adv.	in a manner or to a degree deserving blame or censure
culprit	n.	someone who perpetrates wrongdoing
cult	n.	followers of an exclusive system of religious beliefs and practices
cult	n.	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
cult	n.	followers of an unorthodox, extremist, or false religion or sect who often live outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader
cult	n.	a religion or sect that is generally considered to be unorthodox, extremist, or false
cult	n.	a system of religious beliefs and rituals
cultism	n.	devotion to the doctrine or a cult or to the practices of a cult
cultism	n.	religious zeal; the willingness to serve God
cultist	n.	a member of a religious cult
cultist	n.	a member of an unorthodox cult who generally lives outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader
cultivable	adj.	(of farmland) capable of being farmed productively
cultivar	n.	a variety of a plant developed from a natural species and maintained under cultivation
cultivate	v.	foster the growth of
cultivate	v.	prepare for crops
cultivate	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
cultivate	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
cultivated	v.	foster the growth of
cultivated	v.	prepare for crops
cultivated	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
cultivated	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
cultivated	adj.	(of land or fields) prepared for raising crops by plowing or fertilizing
cultivated	adj.	no longer in the natural state; developed by human care and for human use
cultivated	adj.	marked by refinement in taste and manners
cultivation	n.	socialization through training and education to develop one's mind or manners
cultivation	n.	(agriculture) production of food by preparing the land to grow crops (especially on a large scale)
cultivation	n.	a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; ; ; --Joseph Conrad
cultivation	n.	the process of fostering the growth of something
cultivation	n.	the act of raising or growing plants (especially on a large scale)
cultivator	n.	someone concerned with the science or art or business of cultivating the soil
cultivator	n.	a farm implement used to break up the surface of the soil (for aeration and weed control and conservation of moisture)
cultural	adj.	of or relating to the arts and manners that a group favors
cultural	adj.	denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people; - J.F.Kennedy
cultural	adj.	of or relating to the shared knowledge and values of a society
cultural	adj.	relating to the raising of plants or animals
culture	n.	a particular society at a particular time and place
culture	n.	the tastes in art and manners that are favored by a social group
culture	n.	all the knowledge and values shared by a society
culture	n.	(biology) the growing of microorganisms in a nutrient medium (such as gelatin or agar)
culture	n.	a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; ; ; --Joseph Conrad
culture	n.	the attitudes and behavior that are characteristic of a particular social group or organization
culture	n.	the raising of plants or animals
culture	v.	grow in a special preparation
cultured	v.	grow in a special preparation
cultured	adj.	marked by refinement in taste and manners
culvert	n.	a transverse and totally enclosed drain under a road or railway
cum	n.	the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract
cumber	v.	hold back
cumberland	n.	English general; son of George II; fought unsuccessfully in the battle of Fontenoy (1721-1765)
cumberland	n.	a river that rises in southeastern Kentucky and flows westward through northern Tennessee to become a tributary of the Ohio River in southwestern Kentucky
cumbersome	adj.	difficult to handle or use especially because of size or weight
cumbersome	adj.	not elegant or graceful in expression
cumbersomeness	n.	trouble in carrying or managing caused by bulk or shape
cumbrous	adj.	difficult to handle or use especially because of size or weight
cumin	n.	dwarf Mediterranean annual long cultivated for its aromatic seeds
cumin	n.	aromatic seeds of the cumin herb of the carrot family
cummerbund	n.	a broad pleated sash worn as formal dress with a tuxedo
cummings	n.	United States writer noted for his typographically eccentric poetry (1894-1962)
cumulative	adj.	increasing by successive addition
cumuli	n.	a globular cloud
cumuli	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
cumulonimbi	n.	a dark cloud of great vertical extent charged with electricity; associated with thunderstorms
cumulonimbus	n.	a dark cloud of great vertical extent charged with electricity; associated with thunderstorms
cumulus	n.	a globular cloud
cumulus	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
cuneiform	n.	an ancient wedge-shaped script used in Mesopotamia and Persia
cuneiform	adj.	shaped like a wedge
cuneiform	adj.	of or relating to the tarsal bones (or other wedge-shaped bones)
cunnilingus	n.	oral stimulation of the vulva or clitoris
cunning	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
cunning	n.	crafty artfulness (especially in deception)
cunning	adj.	attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness
cunning	adj.	marked by skill in deception
cunning	adj.	showing inventiveness and skill
cunningham	n.	United States dancer and choreographer (born in 1922)
cunt	n.	a person (usually but not necessarily a woman) who is thoroughly disliked
cunt	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
cup	n.	a small open container usually used for drinking; usually has a handle
cup	n.	the quantity a cup will hold
cup	n.	any cup-shaped concavity
cup	n.	a United States liquid unit equal to 8 fluid ounces
cup	n.	cup-shaped plant organ
cup	n.	a punch served in a pitcher instead of a punch bowl
cup	n.	the hole (or metal container in the hole) on a golf green
cup	n.	a large metal vessel with two handles that is awarded as a trophy to the winner of a competition
cup	v.	form into the shape of a cup
cup	v.	put into a cup
cup	v.	treat by applying evacuated cups to the patient's skin
cupboard	n.	a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space
cupcake	n.	small cake baked in a muffin tin
cupful	n.	the quantity a cup will hold
cupid	n.	(Roman mythology) god of love; counterpart of Greek Eros
cupid	n.	a symbol for love in the form of a cherubic naked boy with wings and a bow and arrow
cupidity	n.	extreme greed for material wealth
cupola	n.	a vertical cylindrical furnace for melting iron for casting
cupola	n.	a roof in the form of a dome
cuppa	n.	a cup of tea
cupped	v.	form into the shape of a cup
cupped	v.	put into a cup
cupped	v.	treat by applying evacuated cups to the patient's skin
cupping	n.	a treatment in which evacuated cups are applied to the skin to draw blood through the surface
cupping	v.	form into the shape of a cup
cupping	v.	put into a cup
cupping	v.	treat by applying evacuated cups to the patient's skin
cupric	adj.	of or containing divalent copper
cur	n.	an inferior dog or one of mixed breed
cur	n.	a cowardly and despicable person
curability	n.	capability of being cured or healed
curacao	n.	a popular island resort in the Netherlands Antilles
curacao	n.	flavored with sour orange peel
curacy	n.	the position of a curate
curare	n.	a toxic alkaloid found in certain tropical South American trees that is a powerful relaxant for striated muscles
curate	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
curative	n.	a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain
curative	adj.	tending to cure or restore to health
curator	n.	the custodian of a collection (as a museum or library)
curatorial	adj.	of or relating to a curator or the duties of a curator
curb	n.	an edge between a sidewalk and a roadway consisting of a line of curbstones (usually forming part of a gutter)
curb	n.	a horse's bit with an attached chain or strap to check the horse
curb	n.	a stock exchange in New York
curb	n.	the act of restraining power or action or limiting excess
curb	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
curb	v.	to put down by force or authority
curb	v.	keep to the curb
curb	v.	place restrictions on
curbing	n.	an edge between a sidewalk and a roadway consisting of a line of curbstones (usually forming part of a gutter)
curbing	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
curbing	v.	to put down by force or authority
curbing	v.	keep to the curb
curbing	v.	place restrictions on
curbside	n.	the side of a sidewalk that is bordered by a curb
curbstone	n.	a paving stone forming part of a curb
curd	n.	a coagulated liquid resembling milk curd
curd	n.	coagulated milk; used to make cheese
curdle	v.	turn into curds
curdle	v.	go bad or sour
curdle	v.	turn from a liquid to a solid mass
cure	n.	a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain
cure	v.	provide a cure for, make healthy again
cure	v.	prepare by drying, salting, or chemical processing in order to preserve
cure	v.	make (substances) hard and improve their usability
cure	v.	be or become preserved
cured	v.	provide a cure for, make healthy again
cured	v.	prepare by drying, salting, or chemical processing in order to preserve
cured	v.	make (substances) hard and improve their usability
cured	v.	be or become preserved
cured	adj.	freed from illness or injury; ; ; ; - Normon Cameron
cured	adj.	(used of rubber) treated by a chemical or physical process to improve its properties (hardness and strength and odor and elasticity)
cured	adj.	(used of concrete or mortar) kept moist to assist the hardening
cured	adj.	(used of hay e.g.) allowed to dry
cured	adj.	(used especially of meat) cured in brine
cured	adj.	(used of tobacco) aging as a preservative process (`aged' is pronounced as one syllable)
curettage	n.	surgery to remove tissue or growths from a bodily cavity (as the uterus) by scraping with a curette
curfew	n.	the time that the curfew signal is sounded
curfew	n.	a signal (usually a bell) announcing the start of curfew restrictions
curfew	n.	an order that after a specific time certain activities (as being outside on the streets) are prohibited
curia	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the central administration governing the Roman Catholic Church
curiae	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the central administration governing the Roman Catholic Church
curie	n.	a unit of radioactivity equal to the amount of a radioactive isotope that decays at the rate of 37,000,000,000 disintegrations per second
curie	n.	French physicist; husband of Marie Curie (1859-1906)
curie	n.	French chemist (born in Poland) who won two Nobel prizes; one (with her husband and Henri Becquerel) for research on radioactivity and another for her discovery of radium and polonium (1867-1934)
curio	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
curiosity	n.	a state in which you want to learn more about something
curiosity	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
curious	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
curious	adj.	eager to investigate and learn or learn more (sometimes about others' concerns)
curious	adj.	having curiosity aroused; eagerly interested in learning more
curiousness	n.	a state of active curiosity
curiousness	n.	the quality of being alien or not native
curitiba	n.	a city in southeastern Brazil
curium	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; produced by bombarding plutonium with helium nuclei
curl	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
curl	n.	American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullerenes and opened a new branch of chemistry (born in 1933)
curl	n.	a strand or cluster of hair
curl	v.	form a curl, curve, or kink
curl	v.	shape one's body into a curl
curl	v.	wind around something in coils or loops
curl	v.	twist or roll into coils or ringlets
curl	v.	play the Scottish game of curling
curler	n.	a mechanical device consisting of a cylindrical tube around which the hair is wound to curl it
curlew	n.	large migratory shorebirds of the sandpiper family; closely related to woodcocks but having a down-curved bill
curlicue	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
curlicue	n.	a short twisting line
curliness	n.	(of hair) a tendency to curl
curling	n.	a game played on ice in which heavy stones with handles are slid toward a target
curling	v.	form a curl, curve, or kink
curling	v.	shape one's body into a curl
curling	v.	wind around something in coils or loops
curling	v.	twist or roll into coils or ringlets
curling	v.	play the Scottish game of curling
curling	adj.	of hair having curls
curly	adj.	(of hair) having curls or waves
curmudgeon	n.	a crusty irascible cantankerous old person full of stubborn ideas
currant	n.	any of several tart red or black berries used primarily for jellies and jams
currant	n.	any of various deciduous shrubs of the genus Ribes bearing currants
currant	n.	small dried seedless raisin grown in the Mediterranean region and California; used in cooking
currency	n.	the metal or paper medium of exchange that is presently used
currency	n.	general acceptance or use
currency	n.	the property of belonging to the present time
current	n.	a flow of electricity through a conductor
current	n.	a steady flow of a fluid (usually from natural causes)
current	n.	dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas
current	adj.	occurring in or belonging to the present time
currents	n.	a flow of electricity through a conductor
currents	n.	a steady flow of a fluid (usually from natural causes)
currents	n.	dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas
curricula	n.	an integrated course of academic studies
curricular	adj.	of or relating to an academic course of study
curriculum	n.	an integrated course of academic studies
currier	n.	United States lithographer who (with his partner James Ives) produced thousands of prints signed `Currier & Ives' (1813-1888)
currier	n.	a craftsman who curries leather for use
curry	n.	(East Indian cookery) a pungent dish of vegetables or meats flavored with curry powder and usually eaten with rice
curry	v.	season with a mixture of spices; typical of Indian cooking
curry	v.	treat by incorporating fat
curry	v.	give a neat appearance to
currycomb	n.	a square comb with rows of small teeth; used to curry horses
currycomb	v.	clean (a horse) with a currycomb
curse	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
curse	n.	an appeal to some supernatural power to inflict evil on someone or some group
curse	n.	an evil spell
curse	n.	something causing misery or death
curse	n.	a severe affliction
curse	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
curse	v.	heap obscenities upon
curse	v.	wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
curse	v.	exclude from a church or a religious community
cursed	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
cursed	v.	heap obscenities upon
cursed	v.	wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
cursed	v.	exclude from a church or a religious community
cursed	adj.	deserving a curse; sometimes used as an intensifier
cursed	adj.	in danger of the eternal punishment of Hell
cursive	n.	rapid handwriting in which letters are set down in full and are cursively connected within words without lifting the writing implement from the paper
cursive	adj.	having successive letter joined together
cursor	n.	(computer science) indicator consisting of a movable spot of light (an icon) on a visual display; moving it allows the user to point to commands or screen positions
cursorily	adv.	without taking pains
cursory	adj.	hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough
curt	adj.	marked by rude or peremptory shortness
curt	adj.	brief and to the point; effectively cut short
curtail	v.	place restrictions on
curtail	v.	terminate or abbreviate before its intended or proper end or its full extent
curtailment	n.	the temporal property of being cut short
curtailment	n.	the act of withholding or withdrawing some book or writing from publication or circulation
curtailment	n.	the reduction of expenditures in order to become financially stable
curtain	n.	hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)
curtain	n.	any barrier to communication or vision
curtain	v.	provide with drapery
curtis	n.	English botanical writer and publisher (1746-1799)
curtness	n.	an abrupt discourteous manner
curtsy	n.	bending the knees; a gesture of respect made by women
curtsy	v.	bend the knees in a gesture of respectful greeting
curtsy	v.	make a curtsy; usually done only by girls and women; as a sign of respect
curvaceous	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
curvaceousness	n.	the quality of having a well-rounded body
curvature	n.	(medicine) a curving or bending; often abnormal
curvature	n.	the rate of change (at a point) of the angle between a curve and a tangent to the curve
curvature	n.	the property possessed by the curving of a line or surface
curve	n.	the trace of a point whose direction of motion changes
curve	n.	a line on a graph representing data
curve	n.	a pitch of a baseball that is thrown with spin so that its path curves as it approaches the batter
curve	n.	the property possessed by the curving of a line or surface
curve	n.	curved segment (of a road or river or railroad track etc.)
curve	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
curve	v.	extend in curves and turns
curve	v.	form an arch or curve
curve	v.	bend or cause to bend
curve	v.	form a curl, curve, or kink
curvy	adj.	having curves
curvy	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
cushion	n.	a mechanical damper; absorbs energy of sudden impulses
cushion	n.	the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle
cushion	n.	a soft bag filled with air or a mass of padding such as feathers or foam rubber etc.
cushion	v.	protect from impact
cushy	adj.	not burdensome or demanding; borne or done easily and without hardship
cusp	n.	point formed by two intersecting arcs (as from the intrados of a Gothic arch)
cusp	n.	a thin triangular flap of a heart valve
cusp	n.	small elevation on the grinding surface of a tooth
cuspid	n.	one of the four pointed conical teeth (two in each jaw) located between the incisors and the premolars
cuspidor	n.	a receptacle for spit (usually in a public place)
cuss	n.	a persistently annoying person
cuss	n.	a boy or man
cuss	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
cuss	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
cussed	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
cussed	adj.	stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
custard	n.	sweetened mixture of milk and eggs baked or boiled or frozen
custer	n.	United States general who was killed along with all his command by the Sioux at the Battle of Little Bighorn (1839-1876)
custodial	adj.	providing protective supervision; watching over or safeguarding
custodian	n.	one having charge of buildings or grounds or animals
custodianship	n.	the position of custodian
custody	n.	a state of being confined (usually for a short time)
custody	n.	holding by the police
custody	n.	(with `in') guardianship over; in divorce cases it is the right to house and care for and discipline a child
custom	n.	accepted or habitual practice
custom	n.	a specific practice of long standing
custom	n.	money collected under a tariff
custom	n.	habitual patronage
custom	adj.	made according to the specifications of an individual
customarily	adv.	by custom; according to common practice
customary	adj.	in accordance with convention or custom
customary	adj.	commonly used or practiced; usual
customer	n.	someone who pays for goods or services
customhouse	n.	a government building where customs are collected and where ships are cleared to enter or leave the country
customize	v.	make to specifications
customize	v.	make according to requirements
cut	n.	a share of the profits
cut	n.	(film) an immediate transition from one shot to the next
cut	n.	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation
cut	n.	a step on some scale
cut	n.	a wound made by cutting
cut	n.	a piece of meat that has been cut from an animal carcass
cut	n.	a remark capable of wounding mentally
cut	n.	a distinct selection of music from a recording or a compact disc
cut	n.	the omission that is made when an editorial change shortens a written passage
cut	n.	the style in which a garment is cut
cut	n.	a canal made by erosion or excavation
cut	n.	a refusal to recognize someone you know
cut	n.	in baseball; a batter's attempt to hit a pitched ball
cut	n.	(sports) a stroke that puts reverse spin on the ball
cut	n.	the division of a deck of cards before dealing
cut	n.	the act of penetrating or opening open with a sharp edge
cut	n.	the act of cutting something into parts
cut	n.	the act of shortening something by chopping off the ends
cut	n.	the act of reducing the amount or number
cut	n.	an unexcused absence from class
cut	v.	separate with or as if with an instrument
cut	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
cut	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
cut	v.	make an incision or separation
cut	v.	discharge from a group
cut	v.	form by probing, penetrating, or digging
cut	v.	style and tailor in a certain fashion
cut	v.	hit (a ball) with a spin so that it turns in the opposite direction
cut	v.	make out and issue
cut	v.	cut and assemble the components of
cut	v.	intentionally fail to attend
cut	v.	be able to manage or manage successfully
cut	v.	give the appearance or impression of
cut	v.	move (one's fist)
cut	v.	pass directly and often in haste
cut	v.	pass through or across
cut	v.	make an abrupt change of image or sound
cut	v.	stop filming
cut	v.	make a recording of
cut	v.	record a performance on (a medium)
cut	v.	create by duplicating data
cut	v.	form or shape by cutting or incising
cut	v.	perform or carry out
cut	v.	function as a cutting instrument
cut	v.	allow incision or separation
cut	v.	divide a deck of cards at random into two parts to make selection difficult
cut	v.	cause to stop operating by disengaging a switch
cut	v.	reap or harvest
cut	v.	fell by sawing; hew
cut	v.	penetrate injuriously
cut	v.	refuse to acknowledge
cut	v.	shorten as if by severing the edges or ends of
cut	v.	weed out unwanted or unnecessary things
cut	v.	dissolve by breaking down the fat of
cut	v.	have a reducing effect
cut	v.	cease, stop
cut	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
cut	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
cut	v.	have grow through the gums
cut	v.	grow through the gums
cut	v.	cut off the testicles (of male animals such as horses)
cut	adj.	separated into parts or laid open or penetrated with a sharp edge or instrument
cut	adj.	fashioned or shaped by cutting
cut	adj.	with parts removed
cut	adj.	made neat and tidy by trimming
cut	adj.	(used of grass or vegetation) cut down with a hand implement or machine
cut	adj.	(of pages of a book) having the folds of the leaves trimmed or slit
cut	adj.	(of a male animal) having the testicles removed
cut	adj.	(used of rates or prices) reduced usually sharply
cut	adj.	mixed with water
cutaneous	adj.	relating to or existing on or affecting the skin
cutaway	n.	a representation (drawing or model) of something in which the outside is omitted to reveal the inner parts
cutaway	n.	a man's coat cut diagonally from the waist to the back of the knees
cutback	n.	a reduction in quantity or rate
cute	adj.	attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness
cute	adj.	obviously contrived to charm
cuteness	n.	the quality of being appealing in a delicate or graceful way (of a girl or young woman)
cuticle	n.	the dead skin at the base of a fingernail or toenail
cuticle	n.	the outer layer of the skin covering the exterior body surface of vertebrates
cuticle	n.	hard outer covering or case of certain organisms such as arthropods and turtles
cutlass	n.	a short heavy curved sword with one edge; formerly used by sailors
cutler	n.	a dealer in cutlery
cutlery	n.	a cutting implement; a tool for cutting
cutlery	n.	tableware implements for cutting and eating food
cutlet	n.	thin slice of meat (especially veal) usually fried or broiled
cutoff	n.	a designated limit beyond which something cannot function or must be terminated
cutoff	n.	a route shorter than the usual one
cutoff	n.	a device that terminates the flow in a pipe
cutout	n.	a switch that interrupts an electric circuit in the event of an overload
cutout	n.	a photograph from which the background has been cut away
cutout	n.	a part that is cut out or is intended to be cut out
cutter	n.	someone who cuts or carves stone
cutter	n.	someone who carves the meat
cutter	n.	someone whose work is cutting (as e.g. cutting cloth for garments)
cutter	n.	a boat for communication between ship and shore
cutter	n.	a sailing vessel with a single mast set further back than the mast of a sloop
cutter	n.	a cutting implement; a tool for cutting
cutthroat	n.	someone who murders by cutting the victim's throat
cutthroat	adj.	ruthless in competition
cutting	n.	the activity of selecting the scenes to be shown and putting them together to create a film
cutting	n.	a part (sometimes a root or leaf or bud) removed from a plant to propagate a new plant through rooting or grafting
cutting	n.	the act of cutting something into parts
cutting	n.	a piece cut off from the main part of something
cutting	n.	an excerpt cut from a newspaper or magazine
cutting	n.	removing parts from hard material to create a desired pattern or shape
cutting	n.	the division of a deck of cards before dealing
cutting	n.	the act of penetrating or opening open with a sharp edge
cutting	n.	the act of diluting something
cutting	n.	the act of shortening something by chopping off the ends
cutting	v.	separate with or as if with an instrument
cutting	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
cutting	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
cutting	v.	make an incision or separation
cutting	v.	discharge from a group
cutting	v.	form by probing, penetrating, or digging
cutting	v.	style and tailor in a certain fashion
cutting	v.	hit (a ball) with a spin so that it turns in the opposite direction
cutting	v.	make out and issue
cutting	v.	cut and assemble the components of
cutting	v.	intentionally fail to attend
cutting	v.	be able to manage or manage successfully
cutting	v.	give the appearance or impression of
cutting	v.	move (one's fist)
cutting	v.	pass directly and often in haste
cutting	v.	pass through or across
cutting	v.	make an abrupt change of image or sound
cutting	v.	stop filming
cutting	v.	make a recording of
cutting	v.	record a performance on (a medium)
cutting	v.	create by duplicating data
cutting	v.	form or shape by cutting or incising
cutting	v.	perform or carry out
cutting	v.	function as a cutting instrument
cutting	v.	allow incision or separation
cutting	v.	divide a deck of cards at random into two parts to make selection difficult
cutting	v.	cause to stop operating by disengaging a switch
cutting	v.	reap or harvest
cutting	v.	fell by sawing; hew
cutting	v.	penetrate injuriously
cutting	v.	refuse to acknowledge
cutting	v.	shorten as if by severing the edges or ends of
cutting	v.	weed out unwanted or unnecessary things
cutting	v.	dissolve by breaking down the fat of
cutting	v.	have a reducing effect
cutting	v.	cease, stop
cutting	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
cutting	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
cutting	v.	have grow through the gums
cutting	v.	grow through the gums
cutting	v.	cut off the testicles (of male animals such as horses)
cutting	adj.	(of speech) harsh or hurtful in tone or character
cutting	adj.	unpleasantly cold and damp
cutting	adj.	painful as if caused by a sharp instrument
cuttlefish	n.	ten-armed oval-bodied cephalopod with narrow fins as long as the body and a large calcareous internal shell
cutworm	n.	North American moth whose larvae feed on young plant stems cutting them off at the ground
cuvier	n.	French naturalist known as the father of comparative anatomy (1769-1832)
cuzco	n.	a town in the Andes in southern Peru; formerly the capital of the Inca empire
cv	n.	a summary of your academic and work history
cv	adj.	being five more than one hundred
cvs	n.	a summary of your academic and work history
cwt	n.	a United States unit of weight equivalent to 100 pounds
cwt	n.	a British unit of weight equivalent to 112 pounds
cyan	n.	a primary subtractive color for light; has a blue-green color
cyan	adj.	of a bluish shade of green
cyanide	n.	any of a class of organic compounds containing the cyano radical -CN
cyanide	n.	an extremely poisonous salt of hydrocyanic acid
cyanobacteria	n.	predominantly photosynthetic prokaryotic organisms containing a blue pigment in addition to chlorophyll; occur singly or in colonies in diverse habitats; important as phytoplankton
cybele	n.	great nature goddess of ancient Phrygia in Asia Minor; counterpart of Greek Rhea and Roman Ops
cybercafe	n.	a cafe whose customers sit at computer terminals and log on to the internet while they eat and drink
cybernetic	adj.	of or relating the principles of cybernetics
cybernetics	n.	(biology) the field of science concerned with processes of communication and control (especially the comparison of these processes in biological and artificial systems)
cyberpunk	n.	a programmer who breaks into computer systems in order to steal or change or destroy information as a form of cyber-terrorism
cyberpunk	n.	a writer of science fiction set in a lawless subculture of an oppressive society dominated by computer technology
cyberpunk	n.	a genre of fast-paced science fiction involving oppressive futuristic computerized societies
cybersex	n.	sexual arousal involving communication on the internet
cyberspace	n.	a computer network consisting of a worldwide network of computer networks that use the TCP/IP network protocols to facilitate data transmission and exchange
cyborg	n.	a human being whose body has been taken over in whole or in part by electromechanical devices
cyclades	n.	the Bronze Age civilization on the Cyclades islands in the southern Aegean Sea that flourished 3000-1100 BC
cyclades	n.	a group of over 200 islands in the southern Aegean
cyclamen	n.	Mediterranean plant widely cultivated as a houseplant for its showy dark green leaves splotched with silver and nodding white or pink to reddish flowers with reflexed petals
cycle	n.	an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs
cycle	n.	a series of poems or songs on the same theme
cycle	n.	a periodically repeated sequence of events
cycle	n.	the unit of frequency; one hertz has a periodic interval of one second
cycle	n.	a single complete execution of a periodically repeated phenomenon
cycle	n.	a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals
cycle	v.	cause to go through a recurring sequence
cycle	v.	pass through a cycle
cycle	v.	ride a motorcycle
cycle	v.	ride a bicycle
cycle	v.	recur in repeating sequences
cyclic	adj.	conforming to the Carnot cycle
cyclic	adj.	forming a whorl or having parts arranged in a whorl
cyclic	adj.	of a compound having atoms arranged in a ring structure
cyclic	adj.	recurring in cycles
cyclic	adj.	marked by repeated cycles
cyclical	adj.	recurring in cycles
cyclist	n.	a person who rides a bicycle
cyclone	n.	(meteorology) rapid inward circulation of air masses about a low pressure center; circling counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern
cyclone	n.	a violent rotating windstorm
cyclonic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the atmosphere around a low pressure center
cyclonic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a violent tropical storm
cyclopedia	n.	a reference work (often in several volumes) containing articles on various topics (often arranged in alphabetical order) dealing with the entire range of human knowledge or with some particular specialty
cyclopes	n.	only the silky anteater
cyclopes	n.	(Greek mythology) one of a race of giants having a single eye in the middle of their forehead
cyclopes	n.	minute free-swimming freshwater copepod having a large median eye and pear-shaped body and long antennae used in swimming; important in some food chains and as intermediate hosts of parasitic worms that affect man e.g. Guinea worms
cyclops	n.	(Greek mythology) one of a race of giants having a single eye in the middle of their forehead
cyclops	n.	minute free-swimming freshwater copepod having a large median eye and pear-shaped body and long antennae used in swimming; important in some food chains and as intermediate hosts of parasitic worms that affect man e.g. Guinea worms
cyclotron	n.	an accelerator that imparts energies of several million electron-volts to rapidly moving particles
cygnet	n.	a young swan
cygnus	n.	a constellation in the northern hemisphere between Pegasus and Draco in the Milky Way; contains a black hole
cygnus	n.	a genus of Anatidae
cylinder	n.	a solid bounded by a cylindrical surface and two parallel planes (the bases)
cylinder	n.	a surface generated by rotating a parallel line around a fixed line
cylinder	n.	a chamber within which piston moves
cylinder	n.	a cylindrical container for oxygen or compressed air
cylindrical	adj.	having the form of a cylinder
cymbal	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a concave brass disk; makes a loud crashing sound when hit with a drumstick or when two are struck together
cymbalist	n.	a performer on the cymbals
cynic	n.	someone who is critical of the motives of others
cynic	n.	a member of a group of ancient Greek philosophers who advocated the doctrine that virtue is the only good and that the essence of virtue is self-control
cynical	adj.	believing the worst of human nature and motives; having a sneering disbelief in e.g. selflessness of others
cynicism	n.	a cynical feeling of distrust
cynosure	n.	something that provides guidance (as Polaris guides mariners)
cynosure	n.	something that strongly attracts attention and admiration
cynthia	n.	(Greek mythology) the virgin goddess of the hunt and the Moon; daughter of Leto and twin sister of Apollo; identified with Roman Diana
cypress	n.	wood of any of various cypress trees especially of the genus Cupressus
cypress	n.	any of numerous evergreen conifers of the genus Cupressus of north temperate regions having dark scalelike leaves and rounded cones
cyprian	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
cyprian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cyprus
cyprian	adj.	of or relating to Cyprus or its people or culture
cyprian	adj.	resembling the ancient orgiastic worship of Aphrodite on Cyprus
cypriot	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cyprus
cypriot	adj.	of or relating to Cyprus or its people or culture
cyprus	n.	a country on the island of Cyprus; 80% of the people are of Greek origin and 20% or Turkish origin
cyprus	n.	an island in the eastern Mediterranean
cyril	n.	Greek missionary; the invention of the Cyrillic alphabet is attributed to him (826-869)
cyrillic	n.	an alphabet derived from the Greek alphabet and used for writing Slavic languages (Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Ukrainian, and some other Slavic languages)
cyrillic	adj.	relating to or written in the alphabet used for writing Slavic languages
cyrus	n.	Persian prince who was defeated in battle by his brother Artaxerxes II (424-401 BC)
cyst	n.	a closed sac that develops abnormally in some body structure
cyst	n.	a small anatomically normal sac or bladderlike structure (especially one containing fluid)
cystic	adj.	of or relating to a normal cyst (as the gallbladder or urinary bladder)
cystic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a cyst
cystitis	n.	inflammation of the urinary bladder and ureters
cytokines	n.	any of various protein molecules secreted by cells of the immune system that serve to regulate the immune system
cytologist	n.	a biologist who studies the structure and function of cells
cytology	n.	the branch of biology that studies the structure and function of cells
cytoplasm	n.	the protoplasm of a cell excluding the nucleus; is full of proteins that control cell metabolism
cytoplasmic	adj.	of or relating to cytoplasm
cytosine	n.	a base found in DNA and RNA and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with guanine
czar	n.	a male monarch or emperor (especially of Russia prior to 1917)
czar	n.	a person having great power
czarina	n.	the wife or widow of a czar
czarist	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a czar
czech	n.	a native of inhabitant of the Czech Republic
czech	n.	a native or inhabitant of the former republic of Czechoslovakia
czech	n.	the Slavic language of Czechs
czech	adj.	of or relating to Czechoslovakia or its people or their language
czechoslovak	n.	a native or inhabitant of the former republic of Czechoslovakia
czechoslovakia	n.	a former republic in central Europe; divided into Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993
czechoslovakian	n.	a native or inhabitant of the former republic of Czechoslovakia
czechoslovakian	adj.	of or relating to Czechoslovakia or its people or their language
czechs	n.	a native of inhabitant of the Czech Republic
czechs	n.	a native or inhabitant of the former republic of Czechoslovakia
czechs	n.	the Slavic language of Czechs
czerny	n.	Austrian virtuoso pianist and composer of many works for the piano; studied with Beethoven and was a teacher of Liszt (1791-1857)
d	n.	a fat-soluble vitamin that prevents rickets
d	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of one hundred and five
d	n.	the 4th letter of the Roman alphabet
d	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 500 items or units
da	n.	an official prosecutor for a judicial district
dab	n.	a light touch or stroke
dab	n.	a small quantity of something moist or liquid
dab	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
dab	v.	hit lightly
dabbed	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
dabbed	v.	hit lightly
dabbing	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
dabbing	v.	hit lightly
dabble	v.	dip a foot or hand briefly into a liquid
dabble	v.	play in or as if in water, as of small children
dabble	v.	work with in an amateurish manner
dabble	v.	bob forward and under so as to feed off the bottom of a body of water
dabbler	n.	an amateur who engages in an activity without serious intentions and who pretends to have knowledge
dabbler	n.	any of numerous shallow-water ducks that feed by upending and dabbling
dace	n.	small European freshwater fish with a slender bluish-green body
dacha	n.	Russian country house
dachau	n.	a concentration camp for Jews created by the Nazis near Munich in southern Germany
dachshund	n.	small long-bodied short-legged German breed of dog having a short sleek coat and long drooping ears; suited for following game into burrows
dacron	n.	a kind of polyester fabric
dactyl	n.	a metrical unit with stressed-unstressed-unstressed syllables
dactyl	n.	a finger or toe in human beings or corresponding body part in other vertebrates
dactylic	adj.	of or consisting of dactyls
dad	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
dada	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
dada	n.	a nihilistic art movement (especially in painting) that flourished in Europe early in the 20th century; based on irrationality and negation of the accepted laws of beauty
dadaism	n.	a nihilistic art movement (especially in painting) that flourished in Europe early in the 20th century; based on irrationality and negation of the accepted laws of beauty
daddy	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
dado	n.	panel forming the lower part of an interior wall when it is finished differently from the rest of the wall
dado	n.	the section of a pedestal between the base and the surbase
dado	n.	a rectangular groove cut into a board so that another piece can fit into it
dado	v.	provide with a dado
dado	v.	cut a dado into or fit into a dado
dadoes	n.	panel forming the lower part of an interior wall when it is finished differently from the rest of the wall
dadoes	n.	the section of a pedestal between the base and the surbase
dadoes	n.	a rectangular groove cut into a board so that another piece can fit into it
dadoes	v.	provide with a dado
dadoes	v.	cut a dado into or fit into a dado
daedalus	n.	(Greek mythology) an Athenian inventor who built the labyrinth of Minos; to escape the labyrinth he fashioned wings for himself and his son Icarus
daemon	n.	an evil supernatural being
daemon	n.	a person who is part mortal and part god
daffodil	n.	any of numerous varieties of Narcissus plants having showy often yellow flowers with a trumpet-shaped central crown
daft	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
daftness	n.	informal terms for insanity
dag	n.	10 grams
dag	n.	a flap along the edge of a garment; used in medieval clothing
dagger	n.	a short knife with a pointed blade used for piercing or stabbing
dagger	n.	a character used in printing to indicate a cross reference or footnote
dago	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Italian descent
dagoes	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Italian descent
daguerre	n.	French inventor of the first practical photographic process, the daguerreotype (1789-1851)
daguerreotype	n.	a photograph made by an early photographic process; the image was produced on a silver plate sensitized to iodine and developed in mercury vapor
dahlia	n.	any of several plants of or developed from the species Dahlia pinnata having tuberous roots and showy rayed variously colored flower heads; native to the mountains of Mexico and Central America and Colombia
dahomey	n.	a country on western coast of Africa; formerly under French control
daily	n.	a newspaper that is published every day
daily	adj.	of or belonging to or occurring every day
daily	adj.	appropriate for ordinary or routine occasions
daily	adv.	every day; without missing a day
daily	adv.	gradually and progressively
daimler	n.	German engineer and automobile manufacturer who produced the first high-speed internal combustion engine (1834-1900)
daintily	adv.	in a refined manner
daintily	adv.	in a delicate manner
daintiness	n.	the quality of being beautiful and delicate in appearance
dainty	n.	something considered choice to eat
dainty	adj.	affectedly dainty or refined
dainty	adj.	delicately beautiful
dainty	adj.	especially pleasing to the taste
dainty	adj.	excessively fastidious and easily disgusted
daiquiri	n.	a cocktail made with rum and lime or lemon juice
dairy	n.	a farm where dairy products are produced
dairying	n.	the business of a dairy
dairymaid	n.	a woman who works in a dairy
dairyman	n.	the owner or manager of a dairy
dairyman	n.	a man who works in a dairy
dairymen	n.	the owner or manager of a dairy
dairymen	n.	a man who works in a dairy
dais	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
daisy	n.	any of numerous composite plants having flower heads with well-developed ray flowers usually arranged in a single whorl
dakar	n.	the capital and chief port and largest city of Senegal
dakota	n.	a member of the Siouan people of the northern Mississippi valley; commonly called the Sioux
dakota	n.	the area of the states of North Dakota and South Dakota
dakota	n.	the Siouan language spoken by the Dakota
dale	n.	an open river valley (in a hilly area)
dali	n.	surrealist Spanish painter (1904-1989)
dalian	n.	a port and shipbuilding center in northeastern China on the Liaodong Peninsula; now a part of Luda
dallas	n.	a large commercial and industrial city in northeastern Texas located in the heart of the northern Texas oil fields
dalliance	n.	the deliberate act of delaying and playing instead of working
dalliance	n.	playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest
dallier	n.	someone who wastes time
dally	v.	behave carelessly or indifferently
dally	v.	waste time
dally	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
dally	v.	consider not very seriously
dalmatia	n.	a historical region of Croatia on the Adriatic Sea; mountainous with many islands
dalmatian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Dalmatia
dalmatian	n.	a large breed having a smooth white coat with black or brown spots; originated in Dalmatia
dalmatian	adj.	of or relating to Dalmatia or its inhabitants
dalton	n.	English chemist and physicist who formulated atomic theory and the law of partial pressures; gave the first description of red-green color blindness (1766-1844)
dam	n.	a barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
dam	n.	a metric unit of length equal to ten meters
dam	n.	female parent of an animal especially domestic livestock
dam	v.	obstruct with, or as if with, a dam
damage	n.	the occurrence of a change for the worse
damage	n.	loss of military equipment
damage	n.	the act of damaging something or someone
damage	n.	the amount of money needed to purchase something
damage	n.	any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right
damage	v.	inflict damage upon
damage	v.	suffer or be susceptible to damage
damaged	v.	inflict damage upon
damaged	v.	suffer or be susceptible to damage
damaged	adj.	harmed or injured or spoiled
damaged	adj.	being unjustly brought into disrepute
damages	n.	a sum of money paid in compensation for loss or injury
damages	n.	the occurrence of a change for the worse
damages	n.	loss of military equipment
damages	n.	the act of damaging something or someone
damages	n.	the amount of money needed to purchase something
damages	n.	any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right
damages	v.	inflict damage upon
damages	v.	suffer or be susceptible to damage
damascus	n.	an ancient city (widely regarded as the world's oldest) and present capital and largest city of Syria; according to the New Testament, the Apostle Paul (then known as Saul) underwent a dramatic conversion on the road to Damascus
damask	n.	a table linen made from linen with a damask pattern
damask	n.	a fabric of linen or cotton or silk or wool with a reversible pattern woven into it
damask	adj.	having a woven pattern
dame	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
dame	n.	a woman of refinement
dammed	v.	obstruct with, or as if with, a dam
damming	v.	obstruct with, or as if with, a dam
damn	n.	something of little value
damn	v.	wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
damn	adj.	used as expletives
damn	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
damn	adv.	extremely
damnably	adv.	in a damnable manner
damnation	n.	the act of damning
damnation	n.	the state of being condemned to eternal punishment in Hell
damned	n.	people who are condemned to eternal punishment
damned	v.	wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
damned	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
damned	adj.	in danger of the eternal punishment of Hell
damned	adv.	in a damnable manner
damocles	n.	the Greek courtier to Dionysius the Elder who (according to legend) was condemned to sit under a naked sword that was suspended by a hair in order to demonstrate to him that being a king was not the happy state Damocles had said it was (4th century BC)
damon	n.	the friend of Phintias who pledged his life that Phintias would return (4th century BC)
damp	n.	a slight wetness
damp	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
damp	v.	restrain or discourage
damp	v.	make vague or obscure or make (an image) less visible
damp	v.	lessen in force or effect
damp	adj.	slightly wet
dampen	v.	smother or suppress
dampen	v.	make moist
dampen	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
dampen	v.	reduce the amplitude (of oscillations or waves)
dampen	v.	make vague or obscure or make (an image) less visible
dampen	v.	check; keep in check (a fire)
dampen	v.	lessen in force or effect
dampener	n.	a device that dampens or moistens something
damper	n.	a movable iron plate that regulates the draft in a stove or chimney or furnace
damper	n.	a device that decreases the amplitude of electronic, mechanical, acoustical, or aerodynamic oscillations
damper	n.	a depressing restraint
damper	adj.	slightly wet
dampness	n.	a slight wetness
damsel	n.	a young unmarried woman
damselfly	n.	slender non-stinging insect similar to but smaller than the dragonfly but having wings folded when at rest
damson	n.	dark purple plum of the damson tree
dana	n.	Celtic goddess who was the mother of the Tuatha De Danann; identified with the Welsh Don
dance	n.	an artistic form of nonverbal communication
dance	n.	a party of people assembled for dancing
dance	n.	taking a series of rhythmical steps (and movements) in time to music
dance	n.	a party for social dancing
dance	v.	move in a graceful and rhythmical way
dance	v.	move in a pattern; usually to musical accompaniment; do or perform a dance
dance	v.	skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways
dancer	n.	a performer who dances professionally
dancer	n.	a person who participates in a social gathering arranged for dancing (as a ball)
dancing	n.	taking a series of rhythmical steps (and movements) in time to music
dancing	v.	move in a graceful and rhythmical way
dancing	v.	move in a pattern; usually to musical accompaniment; do or perform a dance
dancing	v.	skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways
dandelion	n.	any of several herbs of the genus Taraxacum having long tap roots and deeply notched leaves and bright yellow flowers followed by fluffy seed balls
dander	n.	small scales from animal skins or hair or bird feathers that can cause allergic reactions in some people
dander	n.	a feeling of anger and animosity
dandify	v.	dress like a dandy
dandle	v.	move (a baby) up and down in one's arms or on one's knees
dandle	v.	pet
dandruff	n.	a condition in which white scales of dead skin are shed by the scalp
dandruff	n.	loose scales shed from the scalp
dandy	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
dandy	n.	a sailing vessel with two masts; a small mizzen is aft of the rudderpost
dandy	adj.	very good
dane	n.	a native or inhabitant of Denmark
danger	n.	the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury
danger	n.	a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury
danger	n.	a cause of pain or injury or loss
danger	n.	a dangerous place
dangerous	adj.	involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm
dangerous	adj.	causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm
dangle	v.	hang freely
dangle	v.	cause to dangle or hang freely
daniel	n.	(Old Testament) a youth who was taken into the court of Nebuchadnezzar and given divine protection when thrown into a den of lions (6th century BC)
daniel	n.	a wise and upright judge;  -- Shakespeare
daniel	n.	an Old Testament book that tells of the apocalyptic visions and the experiences of Daniel in the court of Nebuchadnezzar
daniels	n.	(Old Testament) a youth who was taken into the court of Nebuchadnezzar and given divine protection when thrown into a den of lions (6th century BC)
daniels	n.	a wise and upright judge;  -- Shakespeare
daniels	n.	an Old Testament book that tells of the apocalyptic visions and the experiences of Daniel in the court of Nebuchadnezzar
danish	n.	a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Denmark
danish	n.	light sweet yeast-raised roll usually filled with fruits or cheese
danish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Denmark or the Danes or their language
dank	adj.	unpleasantly cool and humid
dankness	n.	unpleasant wetness
danseuse	n.	a female ballet dancer
dante	n.	an Italian poet famous for writing the Divine Comedy that describes a journey through Hell and purgatory and paradise guided by Virgil and his idealized Beatrice (1265-1321)
danton	n.	French revolutionary leader who stormed the Paris bastille and who supported the execution of Louis XVI but was guillotined by Robespierre for his opposition to the Reign of Terror (1759-1794)
danube	n.	the 2nd longest European river (after the Volga); flows from southwestern Germany to the Black Sea
daphne	n.	any of several ornamental shrubs with shiny mostly evergreen leaves and clusters of small bell-shaped flowers
daphne	n.	(Greek mythology) a nymph who was transformed into a laurel tree to escape the amorous Apollo
dapper	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
dapple	n.	a small contrasting part of something
dapple	v.	colour with streaks or blotches of different shades
dardanelles	n.	the strait between the Aegean and the Sea of Marmara that separates European Turkey from Asian Turkey
dardanelles	n.	the unsuccessful campaign in World War I (1915) by the English and French to open a passage for aid to Russia; defeated by the Turks
dare	n.	a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy
dare	v.	take upon oneself; act presumptuously, without permission
dare	v.	to be courageous enough to try or do something; ,
dare	v.	challenge
daredevil	n.	a reckless impetuous irresponsible person
daredevil	adj.	presumptuously daring
daredevilry	n.	boldness as manifested in rash and daredevil behavior
darfur	n.	an impoverished region of western Sudan
daring	n.	a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy
daring	n.	the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger
daring	v.	take upon oneself; act presumptuously, without permission
daring	v.	to be courageous enough to try or do something; ,
daring	v.	challenge
daring	adj.	disposed to venture or take risks
daring	adj.	radically new or original
darjeeling	n.	a fine variety of black tea grown in northern India
dark	n.	absence of light or illumination
dark	n.	absence of moral or spiritual values
dark	n.	an unilluminated area
dark	n.	the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside
dark	n.	an unenlightened state
dark	adj.	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black
dark	adj.	(used of color) having a dark hue
dark	adj.	brunet (used of hair or skin or eyes)
dark	adj.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; ; ; ; ; ; ; -Thomas Hardy
dark	adj.	secret
dark	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
dark	adj.	lacking enlightenment or knowledge or culture
dark	adj.	marked by difficulty of style or expression
dark	adj.	causing dejection
dark	adj.	having skin rich in melanin pigments
dark	adj.	not giving performances; closed
darken	v.	become dark or darker
darken	v.	tarnish or stain
darken	v.	make dark or darker
darkie	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for Black people
darkness	n.	absence of light or illumination
darkness	n.	an unilluminated area
darkness	n.	absence of moral or spiritual values
darkness	n.	an unenlightened state
darkness	n.	having a dark or somber color
darkness	n.	a swarthy complexion
darkroom	n.	a room in which photographs are developed
darling	n.	a special loved one
darling	n.	an Australian river; tributary of the Murray River
darling	adj.	dearly loved
darn	n.	something of little value
darn	n.	sewing that repairs a worn or torn hole (especially in a garment)
darn	v.	repair by sewing
darned	v.	repair by sewing
darned	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
darner	n.	a person who mends by darning
darrow	n.	United States lawyer famous for his defense of lost causes (1857-1938)
dart	n.	a small narrow pointed missile that is thrown or shot
dart	n.	a tapered tuck made in dressmaking
dart	n.	a sudden quick movement
dart	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
dart	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
dart	v.	move with sudden speed
dartboard	n.	a circular board of wood or cork used as the target in the game of darts
darter	n.	fish-eating bird of warm inland waters having a long flexible neck and slender sharp-pointed bill
darter	n.	a person or other animal that moves abruptly and rapidly
dartmouth	n.	a college in New Hampshire
darvon	n.	a mildly narcotic analgesic drug (trade name Darvon) related to methadone but less addictive
darwin	n.	English natural scientist who formulated a theory of evolution by natural selection (1809-1882)
darwin	n.	provincial capital of the Northern Territory of Australia
darwinian	n.	an advocate of Darwinism
darwinian	adj.	of or relating to Charles Darwin's theory of organic evolution
darwinism	n.	a theory of organic evolution claiming that new species arise and are perpetuated by natural selection
dash	n.	distinctive and stylish elegance
dash	n.	a quick run
dash	n.	a footrace run at top speed
dash	n.	a punctuation mark (-) used between parts of a compound word or between the syllables of a word when the word is divided at the end of a line of text
dash	n.	the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code
dash	n.	the act of moving with great haste
dash	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
dash	v.	break into pieces, as by striking or knocking over
dash	v.	hurl or thrust violently
dash	v.	destroy or break
dash	v.	cause to lose courage
dash	v.	add an enlivening or altering element to
dashboard	n.	protective covering consisting of a panel to protect people from the splashing water or mud etc.
dashboard	n.	instrument panel on an automobile or airplane containing dials and controls
dashiki	n.	a loose and brightly colored African shirt
dashing	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
dashing	v.	break into pieces, as by striking or knocking over
dashing	v.	hurl or thrust violently
dashing	v.	destroy or break
dashing	v.	cause to lose courage
dashing	v.	add an enlivening or altering element to
dashing	adj.	lively and spirited
dashing	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
dastard	n.	a despicable coward
dastard	adj.	despicably cowardly; - F.D. Roosevelt
dastardliness	n.	despicable cowardice
dat	n.	a digital tape recording of sound
data	n.	a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn
data	n.	an item of factual information derived from measurement or research
database	n.	an organized body of related information
date	n.	the specified day of the month
date	n.	a participant in a date
date	n.	a meeting arranged in advance
date	n.	a particular but unspecified point in time
date	n.	the present
date	n.	the particular day, month, or year (usually according to the Gregorian calendar) that an event occurred
date	n.	a particular day specified as the time something happens
date	n.	sweet edible fruit of the date palm with a single long woody seed
date	v.	go on a date with
date	v.	stamp with a date
date	v.	assign a date to; determine the (probable) date of
date	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
date	v.	provide with a dateline; mark with a date
dated	v.	go on a date with
dated	v.	stamp with a date
dated	v.	assign a date to; determine the (probable) date of
dated	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
dated	v.	provide with a dateline; mark with a date
dated	adj.	marked by features of the immediate and usually discounted past
dateless	adj.	having no known beginning and presumably no end
dateless	adj.	of such great duration as to preclude the possibility of being assigned a date
dateless	adj.	not bearing a date
dateless	adj.	unaffected by time
dateline	n.	an imaginary line on the surface of the earth following (approximately) the 180th meridian
dateline	n.	a line at the beginning of a news article giving the date and place of origin of the news dispatch
dateline	v.	mark with a date and place
dative	n.	the category of nouns serving as the indirect object of a verb
datum	n.	an item of factual information derived from measurement or research
daub	n.	material used to daub walls
daub	n.	a blemish made by dirt
daub	n.	an unskillful painting
daub	v.	coat with plaster
daub	v.	apply to a surface
daub	v.	cover (a surface) by smearing (a substance) over it
dauber	n.	an unskilled painter
daughter	n.	a female human offspring
daumier	n.	French painter best known for his satirical lithographs of bourgeois society (1808-1879)
daunt	v.	cause to lose courage
daunting	v.	cause to lose courage
daunting	adj.	discouraging through fear
dauntless	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
dauntlessness	n.	resolute courageousness
dauphin	n.	formerly, the eldest son of the King of France and direct heir to the throne
davenport	n.	a city in eastern Iowa on the Mississippi River across from Moline and Rock Island
davenport	n.	a small decorative writing desk
davenport	n.	a large sofa usually convertible into a bed
david	n.	patron saint of Wales (circa 520-600)
david	n.	French neoclassical painter who actively supported the French Revolution (1748-1825)
david	n.	(Old Testament) the 2nd king of the Israelites; as a young shepherd he fought Goliath (a giant Philistine warrior) and killed him by hitting him in the head with a stone flung from a sling; he united Israel with Jerusalem as its capital; many of the Psalms are attributed to David (circa 1000-962 BC)
davies	n.	English chemist who was a pioneer in electrochemistry and who used it to isolate elements sodium and potassium and barium and boron and calcium and magnesium and chlorine (1778-1829)
davis	n.	English navigator who explored the Arctic while searching for the Northwest Passage (1550-1605)
davis	n.	United States painter who developed an American version of cubism (1894-1964)
davis	n.	United States jazz musician; noted for his trumpet style (1926-1991)
davis	n.	American statesman; president of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War (1808-1889)
davis	n.	United States tennis player who donated the Davis Cup for international team tennis competition (1879-1945)
davis	n.	United States film actress (1908-1989)
davit	n.	a crane-like device (usually one of a pair) for suspending or lowering equipment (as a lifeboat)
davy	n.	English chemist who was a pioneer in electrochemistry and who used it to isolate elements sodium and potassium and barium and boron and calcium and magnesium and chlorine (1778-1829)
dawdle	v.	take one's time; proceed slowly
dawdle	v.	waste time
dawdle	v.	hang (back) or fall (behind) in movement, progress, development, etc.
dawdler	n.	someone who takes more time than necessary; someone who lags behind
dawes	n.	American patriot who rode with Paul Revere to warn that the British were advancing on Lexington and Concord (1745-1799)
dawn	n.	the first light of day
dawn	n.	the earliest period
dawn	n.	an opening time period
dawn	v.	become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions
dawn	v.	appear or develop
dawn	v.	become light
dawson	n.	a town in northwestern Canada in the Yukon on the Yukon River; a boom town around 1900 when gold was discovered in the Klondike
day	n.	time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis
day	n.	some point or period in time
day	n.	a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance
day	n.	the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
day	n.	the recurring hours when you are not sleeping (especially those when you are working)
day	n.	an era of existence or influence
day	n.	the period of time taken by a particular planet (e.g. Mars) to make a complete rotation on its axis
day	n.	the time for one complete rotation of the earth relative to a particular star, about 4 minutes shorter than a mean solar day
day	n.	a period of opportunity
day	n.	United States writer best known for his autobiographical works (1874-1935)
dayan	n.	Israeli general and statesman (1915-1981)
daybed	n.	an armless couch; a seat by day and a bed by night
daybed	n.	a long chair; for reclining
daybreak	n.	the first light of day
daycare	n.	childcare during the day while parents work
daydream	n.	absentminded dreaming while awake
daydream	v.	have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
daydream	v.	have dreamlike musings or fantasies while awake
daydreamer	n.	someone who indulges in idle or absentminded daydreaming
daylight	n.	the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
daylight	n.	light during the daytime
daylights	n.	the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
daylights	n.	light during the daytime
daylong	adj.	lasting through an entire day
daylong	adv.	during the entire day
daytime	n.	the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside
dayton	n.	a city in southwest Ohio; manufacturing center
daze	n.	the feeling of distress and disbelief that you have when something bad happens accidentally
daze	n.	confusion characterized by lack of clarity
daze	v.	to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
daze	v.	overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
dazed	v.	to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
dazed	v.	overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
dazed	adj.	in a state of mental numbness especially as resulting from shock
dazed	adj.	stunned or confused and slow to react (as from blows or drunkenness or exhaustion)
dazzle	n.	brightness enough to blind partially and temporarily
dazzle	v.	to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
dazzle	v.	amaze or bewilder, as with brilliant wit or intellect or skill
dazzling	v.	to cause someone to lose clear vision, especially from intense light
dazzling	v.	amaze or bewilder, as with brilliant wit or intellect or skill
dazzling	adj.	amazingly impressive; suggestive of the flashing of lightning; ; - Janet Flanner; - Idwal Jones
dazzling	adj.	shining intensely
db	n.	a transuranic element
db	n.	a logarithmic unit of sound intensity; 10 times the logarithm of the ratio of the sound intensity to some reference intensity
dbms	n.	a software system that facilitates the creation and maintenance and use of an electronic database
dc	n.	the district occupied entirely by the city of Washington; chosen by George Washington as the site of the capital of the United States and created out of land ceded by Maryland and Virginia
dc	n.	an electric current that flows in one direction steadily
dd	n.	a doctor's degree in religion
dds	n.	a doctor's degree in dental surgery
dds	n.	a doctor's degree in religion
ddt	n.	an insecticide that is also toxic to animals and humans; banned in the United States since 1972
de	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
dea	n.	federal agency responsible for enforcing laws and regulations governing narcotics and controlled substances; goal is to immobilize drug trafficking organizations
deacon	n.	a Protestant layman who assists the minister
deacon	n.	a cleric ranking just below a priest in Christian churches; one of the Holy Orders
deaconess	n.	a woman deacon
dead	n.	people who are no longer living
dead	n.	a time when coldness (or some other quality associated with death) is intense
dead	adj.	no longer having or seeming to have or expecting to have life
dead	adj.	not showing characteristics of life especially the capacity to sustain life; no longer exerting force or having energy or heat
dead	adj.	very tired
dead	adj.	unerringly accurate
dead	adj.	physically inactive
dead	adj.	(followed by `to') not showing human feeling or sensitivity; unresponsive
dead	adj.	devoid of physical sensation; numb
dead	adj.	lacking acoustic resonance
dead	adj.	not yielding a return
dead	adj.	not circulating or flowing
dead	adj.	not surviving in active use
dead	adj.	lacking resilience or bounce
dead	adj.	out of use or operation because of a fault or breakdown
dead	adj.	no longer having force or relevance
dead	adj.	complete
dead	adj.	drained of electric charge; discharged
dead	adj.	devoid of activity
dead	adv.	quickly and without warning
dead	adv.	completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers
deadbeat	n.	someone who fails to meet a financial obligation
deadbolt	n.	the part of a lock that is engaged or withdrawn with a key
deaden	v.	make vague or obscure or make (an image) less visible
deaden	v.	cut a girdle around so as to kill by interrupting the circulation of water and nutrients
deaden	v.	make vapid or deprive of spirit
deaden	v.	lessen the momentum or velocity of
deaden	v.	become lifeless, less lively, intense, or active; lose life, force, or vigor
deaden	v.	make less lively, intense, or vigorous; impair in vigor, force, activity, or sensation
deaden	v.	convert (metallic mercury) into a grey powder consisting of minute globules, as by shaking with chalk or fatty oil
deadhead	n.	a nonenterprising person who is not paying his way
deadhead	n.	a train or bus or taxi traveling empty
deadline	n.	the point in time at which something must be completed
deadliness	n.	the quality of being deadly
deadlock	n.	a situation in which no progress can be made or no advancement is possible
deadly	adj.	causing or capable of causing death
deadly	adj.	of an instrument of certain death
deadly	adj.	extremely poisonous or injurious; producing venom
deadly	adj.	involving loss of divine grace or spiritual death
deadly	adj.	exceedingly harmful
deadly	adj.	(of a disease) having a rapid course and violent effect
deadly	adv.	as if dead
deadly	adv.	(used as intensives) extremely
deadpan	adj.	deliberately impassive in manner
deadpan	adv.	without betraying any feeling
deadwood	n.	a branch or a part of a tree that is dead
deadwood	n.	someone or something that is unwanted and unneeded
deaf	n.	people who have severe hearing impairments
deaf	v.	make or render deaf
deaf	adj.	lacking or deprived of the sense of hearing wholly or in part
deaf	adj.	(usually followed by `to') unwilling or refusing to pay heed
deafen	v.	be unbearably loud
deafen	v.	make or render deaf
deafen	v.	make soundproof
deafening	v.	be unbearably loud
deafening	v.	make or render deaf
deafening	v.	make soundproof
deafening	adj.	loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss
deafness	n.	partial or complete loss of hearing
deal	n.	a particular instance of buying or selling
deal	n.	an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion) fixing obligations of each
deal	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
deal	n.	a plank of softwood (fir or pine board)
deal	n.	wood that is easy to saw (from conifers such as pine or fir)
deal	n.	the cards held in a card game by a given player at any given time
deal	n.	the type of treatment received (especially as the result of an agreement)
deal	n.	the act of distributing playing cards
deal	n.	the act of apportioning or distributing something
deal	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
deal	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
deal	v.	take action with respect to (someone or something)
deal	v.	come to terms with
deal	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
deal	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
deal	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
deal	v.	behave in a certain way towards others
deal	v.	distribute cards to the players in a game
deal	v.	direct the course of; manage or control
deal	v.	give out as one's portion or share
deal	v.	give (a specific card) to a player
deal	v.	sell
dealer	n.	someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold
dealer	n.	a firm engaged in trading
dealer	n.	a seller of illicit goods
dealer	n.	the major party to a financial transaction at a stock exchange; buys and sells for his own account
dealer	n.	the person who distributes the playing cards in a card game
dealership	n.	a business established or operated under an authorization to sell or distribute a company's goods or services in a particular area
dealing	n.	method or manner of conduct in relation to others
dealing	n.	the act of transacting within or between groups (as carrying on commercial activities)
dealing	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
dealing	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
dealing	v.	take action with respect to (someone or something)
dealing	v.	come to terms with
dealing	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
dealing	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
dealing	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
dealing	v.	behave in a certain way towards others
dealing	v.	distribute cards to the players in a game
dealing	v.	direct the course of; manage or control
dealing	v.	give out as one's portion or share
dealing	v.	give (a specific card) to a player
dealing	v.	sell
dealt	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
dealt	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
dealt	v.	take action with respect to (someone or something)
dealt	v.	come to terms with
dealt	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
dealt	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
dealt	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
dealt	v.	behave in a certain way towards others
dealt	v.	distribute cards to the players in a game
dealt	v.	direct the course of; manage or control
dealt	v.	give out as one's portion or share
dealt	v.	give (a specific card) to a player
dealt	v.	sell
dean	n.	an administrator in charge of a division of a university or college
dean	n.	United States film actor whose moody rebellious roles made him a cult figure (1931-1955)
dean	n.	a man who is the senior member of a group
dean	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the head of the College of Cardinals
deanery	n.	the official residence of a dean
deanery	n.	the position or office of a dean
deanship	n.	the position or office of a dean
dear	n.	a beloved person; used as terms of endearment
dear	n.	a sweet innocent mild-mannered person (especially a child)
dear	adj.	dearly loved
dear	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
dear	adj.	earnest
dear	adj.	having a high price
dear	adv.	with affection
dear	adv.	at a great cost
dearest	n.	a beloved person; used as terms of endearment
dearest	adj.	dearly loved
dearest	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
dearest	adj.	earnest
dearest	adj.	having a high price
dearness	n.	the quality possessed by something with a great price or value
dearth	n.	an acute insufficiency
dearth	n.	an insufficient quantity or number
dearths	n.	an acute insufficiency
dearths	n.	an insufficient quantity or number
deary	n.	a special loved one
death	n.	the event of dying or departure from life
death	n.	the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism
death	n.	the absence of life or state of being dead
death	n.	the time when something ends
death	n.	the time at which life ends; continuing until dead
death	n.	the personification of death
death	n.	a final state
death	n.	the act of killing
deathbed	n.	the last few hours before death
deathbed	n.	the bed on which a person dies
deathblow	n.	the blow that kills (usually mercifully)
deathless	adj.	never dying
deathlike	adj.	having the physical appearance of death
deaths	n.	the event of dying or departure from life
deaths	n.	the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism
deaths	n.	the absence of life or state of being dead
deaths	n.	the time when something ends
deaths	n.	the time at which life ends; continuing until dead
deaths	n.	the personification of death
deaths	n.	a final state
deaths	n.	the act of killing
deathtrap	n.	any structure that is very unsafe; where people are likely to be killed
deathwatch	n.	minute wingless psocopterous insects injurious to books and papers
deathwatch	n.	bores through wood making a ticking sound popularly thought to presage death
deaves	n.	people who have severe hearing impairments
deb	n.	a young woman making her debut into society
debacle	n.	a sudden and violent collapse
debacle	n.	flooding caused by a tumultuous breakup of ice in a river during the spring or summer
debacle	n.	a sound defeat
debarkation	n.	the act of passengers and crew getting off of a ship or aircraft
debarment	n.	the state of being debarred (excluded from enjoying certain possessions or rights or practices)
debarment	n.	the act of prevention by legal means
debate	n.	a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against some proposition or proposal
debate	n.	the formal presentation of a stated proposition and the opposition to it (usually followed by a vote)
debate	v.	argue with one another
debate	v.	think about carefully; weigh
debate	v.	discuss the pros and cons of an issue
debate	v.	have an argument about something
debater	n.	someone who engages in debate
debating	v.	argue with one another
debating	v.	think about carefully; weigh
debating	v.	discuss the pros and cons of an issue
debating	v.	have an argument about something
debauch	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
debauch	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
debauchee	n.	a dissolute person; usually a man who is morally unrestrained
debauchery	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
debenture	n.	the ability of a customer to obtain goods or services before payment, based on the trust that payment will be made in the future
debenture	n.	a certificate or voucher acknowledging a debt
debilitate	v.	make weak
debilitation	n.	serious weakening and loss of energy
debility	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
debit	n.	an accounting entry acknowledging sums that are owing
debit	v.	enter as debit
debonair	adj.	having a sophisticated charm
debonair	adj.	having a cheerful, lively, and self-confident air; - Frances G. Patton; - H.M.Reynolds
debouch	v.	march out (as from a defile) into open ground
debouch	v.	pass out or emerge; especially of rivers
debridement	n.	surgical removal of foreign material and dead tissue from a wound in order to prevent infection and promote healing
debris	n.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
debs	n.	United States labor organizer who ran for President as a socialist (1855-1926)
debs	n.	a young woman making her debut into society
debt	n.	the state of owing something (especially money)
debt	n.	money or goods or services owed by one person to another
debt	n.	an obligation to pay or do something
debtor	n.	a person who owes a creditor; someone who has the obligation of paying a debt
debugger	n.	a program that helps in locating and correcting programming errors
debussy	n.	French composer who is said to have created Impressionism in music (1862-1918)
debut	n.	the act of beginning something new
debut	n.	the presentation of a debutante in society
debut	v.	present for the first time to the public
debut	v.	appear for the first time in public
debut	v.	make one's debut
debutante	n.	a young woman making her debut into society
dec	n.	the last (12th) month of the year
dec	n.	(astronomy) the angular distance of a celestial body north or to the south of the celestial equator; expressed in degrees; used with right ascension to specify positions on the celestial sphere
decade	n.	a period of 10 years
decade	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system
decadence	n.	the state of being degenerate in mental or moral qualities
decadency	n.	the state of being degenerate in mental or moral qualities
decadent	n.	a person who has fallen into a decadent state (morally or artistically)
decadent	adj.	marked by excessive self-indulgence and moral decay
decaf	n.	coffee with the caffeine removed
decaffeinate	v.	remove caffeine from (coffee)
decagon	n.	a polygon with 10 sides and 10 angles
decal	n.	either a design that is fixed to some surface or a paper bearing the design which is to be transferred to the surface
decalogue	n.	the biblical commandments of Moses
decampment	n.	the act of running away secretly (as to avoid arrest)
decampment	n.	breaking camp
decapitate	v.	cut the head of
decathlon	n.	an athletic contest consisting of ten different events
decatur	n.	United States naval officer remembered for his heroic deeds (1779-1820)
decatur	n.	a city in central Illinois; Abraham Lincoln practiced law here
decatur	n.	a town in northern Alabama on the Tennessee River
decay	n.	the process of gradually becoming inferior
decay	n.	a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current
decay	n.	the organic phenomenon of rotting
decay	n.	an inferior state resulting from the process of decaying
decay	n.	the spontaneous disintegration of a radioactive substance along with the emission of ionizing radiation
decay	v.	lose a stored charge, magnetic flux, or current
decay	v.	fall into decay or ruin
decay	v.	undergo decay or decomposition
deceased	n.	someone who is no longer alive
deceased	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
deceased	adj.	dead
decedent	n.	someone who is no longer alive
deceit	n.	the quality of being fraudulent
deceit	n.	a misleading falsehood
deceit	n.	the act of deceiving
deceitful	adj.	intended to deceive; ; ;  - S.T.Coleridge
deceitful	adj.	marked by deliberate deceptiveness especially by pretending one set of feelings and acting under the influence of another; - Israel Zangwill; ; - W.M.Thackeray
deceitfulness	n.	the quality of being crafty
deceive	v.	be false to; be dishonest with
deceive	v.	cause someone to believe an untruth
deceiver	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
deceiving	v.	be false to; be dishonest with
deceiving	v.	cause someone to believe an untruth
decelerate	v.	lose velocity; move more slowly
decelerate	v.	reduce the speed of
deceleration	n.	a decrease in rate of change
deceleration	n.	(physics) a rate of decrease in velocity
deceleration	n.	the act of decelerating; decreasing the speed
december	n.	the last (12th) month of the year
decency	n.	the quality of conforming to standards of propriety and morality
decency	n.	the quality of being polite and respectable
decent	adj.	socially or conventionally correct; refined or virtuous
decent	adj.	according with custom or propriety
decent	adj.	conforming to conventions of sexual behavior; - George Santayana
decent	adj.	sufficient for the purpose
decent	adj.	decently clothed
decent	adj.	observing conventional sexual mores in speech or behavior or dress
decent	adv.	in the right manner
deception	n.	a misleading falsehood
deception	n.	the act of deceiving
deception	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
deceptive	adj.	causing one to believe what is not true or fail to believe what is true
deceptive	adj.	designed to deceive or mislead either deliberately or inadvertently
deceptiveness	n.	the quality of being deceptive
decibel	n.	a logarithmic unit of sound intensity; 10 times the logarithm of the ratio of the sound intensity to some reference intensity
decide	v.	reach, make, or come to a decision about something
decide	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
decide	v.	cause to decide
decide	v.	influence or determine
decided	v.	reach, make, or come to a decision about something
decided	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
decided	v.	cause to decide
decided	v.	influence or determine
decided	adj.	recognizable; marked
deciduous	adj.	(of plants and shrubs) shedding foliage at the end of the growing season
deciduous	adj.	(of teeth, antlers, etc.) being shed at the end of a period of growth
deciliter	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one tenth of a liter
decimal	n.	a proper fraction whose denominator is a power of 10
decimal	n.	a number in the decimal system
decimal	adj.	numbered or proceeding by tens; based on ten
decimalization	n.	the act of changing to a decimal system
decimate	v.	kill one in every ten, as of mutineers in Roman armies
decimate	v.	kill in large numbers
decimation	n.	destroying or killing a large part of the population (literally every tenth person as chosen by lot)
decimeter	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one tenth of a meter
decipherable	adj.	easily deciphered
decision	n.	the act of making up your mind about something
decision	n.	a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
decision	n.	(boxing) a victory won on points when no knockout has occurred
decision	n.	the outcome of a game or contest
decision	n.	the trait of resoluteness as evidenced by firmness of character or purpose
decisions	n.	the act of making up your mind about something
decisions	n.	a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
decisions	n.	(boxing) a victory won on points when no knockout has occurred
decisions	n.	the outcome of a game or contest
decisions	n.	the trait of resoluteness as evidenced by firmness of character or purpose
decisive	adj.	determining or having the power to determine an outcome
decisive	adj.	unmistakable
decisive	adj.	characterized by decision and firmness
decisive	adj.	forming or having the nature of a turning point or crisis
decisiveness	n.	the trait of resoluteness as evidenced by firmness of character or purpose
decisiveness	n.	the quality of being final or definitely settled
deck	n.	any of various platforms built into a vessel
deck	n.	street name for a packet of illegal drugs
deck	n.	a pack of 52 playing cards
deck	n.	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship
deck	v.	be beautiful to look at
deck	v.	decorate
deck	v.	knock down with force
decker	n.	English dramatist and pamphleteer (1572-1632)
decker	n.	(often used in combinations) something constructed with multiple levels
deckhand	n.	a member of a ship's crew who performs manual labor
deckle	n.	rough edge left by a deckle on handmade paper or produced artificially on machine-made paper
deckle	n.	(paper making) a frame used to form paper pulp into sheets
declamation	n.	vehement oratory
declamation	n.	recitation of a speech from memory with studied gestures and intonation as an exercise in elocution or rhetoric
declamatory	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
declaration	n.	a statement that is emphatic and explicit (spoken or written)
declaration	n.	(law) unsworn statement that can be admitted in evidence in a legal transaction
declaration	n.	a statement of taxable goods or of dutiable properties
declaration	n.	(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make
declaration	n.	a formal public statement
declaration	n.	a formal expression by a meeting; agreed to by a vote
declarative	n.	a mood (grammatically unmarked) that represents the act or state as an objective fact
declarative	adj.	relating to the use of or having the nature of a declaration
declarative	adj.	relating to the mood of verbs that is used simple in declarative statements
declaratory	adj.	relating to the use of or having the nature of a declaration
declare	v.	state emphatically and authoritatively
declare	v.	announce publicly or officially
declare	v.	state firmly
declare	v.	declare to be
declare	v.	authorize payments of
declare	v.	designate (a trump suit or no-trump) with the final bid of a hand
declare	v.	make a declaration (of dutiable goods) to a customs official
declare	v.	proclaim one's support, sympathy, or opinion for or against
declared	v.	state emphatically and authoritatively
declared	v.	announce publicly or officially
declared	v.	state firmly
declared	v.	declare to be
declared	v.	authorize payments of
declared	v.	designate (a trump suit or no-trump) with the final bid of a hand
declared	v.	make a declaration (of dutiable goods) to a customs official
declared	v.	proclaim one's support, sympathy, or opinion for or against
declared	adj.	made known or openly avowed
declared	adj.	declared as fact; explicitly stated
declarer	n.	the bridge player in contract bridge who wins the bidding and can declare which suit is to be trumps
declarer	n.	someone who claims to speak the truth
declension	n.	the inflection of nouns and pronouns and adjectives in Indo-European languages
declension	n.	process of changing to an inferior state
declension	n.	a downward slope or bend
declension	n.	a class of nouns or pronouns or adjectives in Indo-European languages having the same (or very similar) inflectional forms
declination	n.	a condition inferior to an earlier condition; a gradual falling off from a better state
declination	n.	a downward slope or bend
declination	n.	(astronomy) the angular distance of a celestial body north or to the south of the celestial equator; expressed in degrees; used with right ascension to specify positions on the celestial sphere
declination	n.	a polite refusal of an invitation
decline	n.	change toward something smaller or lower
decline	n.	a condition inferior to an earlier condition; a gradual falling off from a better state
decline	n.	a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current
decline	n.	a downward slope or bend
decline	v.	grow worse
decline	v.	refuse to accept
decline	v.	show unwillingness towards
decline	v.	grow smaller
decline	v.	go down
decline	v.	go down in value
decline	v.	inflect for number, gender, case, etc.,
declivity	n.	a downward slope or bend
decolletage	n.	a low-cut neckline on a woman's dress
decollete	adj.	(of a garment) having a low-cut neckline
decongestant	n.	a drug that decreases pulmonary congestion
deconstructionism	n.	a philosophical theory of criticism (usually of literature or film) that seeks to expose deep-seated contradictions in a work by delving below its surface meaning
decor	n.	decoration consisting of the layout and furnishings of a livable interior
decorate	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
decorate	v.	be beautiful to look at
decorate	v.	award a mark of honor, such as a medal, to
decorate	v.	provide with decoration
decorating	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
decorating	v.	be beautiful to look at
decorating	v.	award a mark of honor, such as a medal, to
decorating	v.	provide with decoration
decoration	n.	something used to beautify
decoration	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
decoration	n.	the act of decorating something (in the hope of making it more attractive)
decorations	n.	something used to beautify
decorations	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
decorations	n.	the act of decorating something (in the hope of making it more attractive)
decorative	adj.	serving an esthetic rather than a useful purpose
decorator	n.	a person who specializes in designing architectural interiors and their furnishings
decorator	n.	someone who decorates
decorous	adj.	characterized by propriety and dignity and good taste in manners and conduct
decorous	adj.	according with custom or propriety
decorousness	n.	propriety in manners and conduct
decorum	n.	propriety in manners and conduct
decoupage	n.	art produced by decorating a surface with cutouts and then coating it with several layers of varnish or lacquer
decoupage	n.	the art of decorating a surface with shapes or pictures and then coating it with vanish or lacquer
decoy	n.	a beguiler who leads someone into danger (usually as part of a plot)
decoy	n.	something used to lure fish or other animals into danger so they can be trapped or killed
decoy	v.	lure or entrap with or as if with a decoy
decreasing	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
decreasing	v.	make smaller
decreasing	adj.	becoming less or smaller
decreasing	adj.	music
decree	n.	a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)
decree	v.	issue a decree
decree	v.	decide with authority
decreeing	v.	issue a decree
decreeing	v.	decide with authority
decrement	n.	the amount by which something decreases
decrement	n.	a process of becoming smaller or shorter
decrepit	adj.	worn and broken down by hard use
decrepit	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
decrepitude	n.	a state of deterioration due to old age or long use
decriminalization	n.	legislation that makes something legal that was formerly illegal
decry	v.	express strong disapproval of
decryption	n.	the activity of making clear or converting from code into plain text
dedicate	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
dedicate	v.	open to public use, as of a highway, park, or building
dedicate	v.	inscribe or address by way of compliment
dedicate	v.	set apart to sacred uses with solemn rites, of a church
dedication	n.	complete and wholehearted fidelity
dedication	n.	a ceremony in which something (as a building) is dedicated to some goal or purpose
dedication	n.	a message that makes a pledge
dedication	n.	a short message (as in a book or musical work or on a photograph) dedicating it to someone or something
dedication	n.	the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
deduce	v.	reason by deduction; establish by deduction
deduce	v.	conclude by reasoning; in logic
deducible	adj.	capable of being deduced
deduct	v.	make a subtraction
deduct	v.	retain and refrain from disbursing; of payments
deduct	v.	reason by deduction; establish by deduction
deductible	n.	(taxes) an amount that can be deducted (especially for the purposes of calculating income tax)
deductible	n.	a clause in an insurance policy that relieves the insurer of responsibility to pay the initial loss up to a stated amount
deductible	adj.	acceptable as a deduction (especially as a tax deduction)
deduction	n.	a reduction in the gross amount on which a tax is calculated; reduces taxes by the percentage fixed for the taxpayer's income bracket
deduction	n.	an amount or percentage deducted
deduction	n.	something that is inferred (deduced or entailed or implied)
deduction	n.	reasoning from the general to the particular (or from cause to effect)
deduction	n.	the act of subtracting (removing a part from the whole)
deduction	n.	the act of reducing the selling price of merchandise
deductive	adj.	relating to logical deduction
deductive	adj.	involving inferences from general principles
deed	n.	a legal document signed and sealed and delivered to effect a transfer of property and to show the legal right to possess it
deed	n.	something that people do or cause to happen
deem	v.	keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view
deep	n.	the central and most intense or profound part
deep	n.	a long steep-sided depression in the ocean floor
deep	n.	literary term for an ocean
deep	adj.	relatively deep or strong; affecting one deeply
deep	adj.	marked by depth of thinking
deep	adj.	having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination
deep	adj.	very distant in time or space
deep	adj.	extreme
deep	adj.	having or denoting a low vocal or instrumental range
deep	adj.	strong; intense
deep	adj.	relatively thick from top to bottom
deep	adj.	extending relatively far inward
deep	adj.	(of darkness) very intense
deep	adj.	large in quantity or size
deep	adj.	with head or back bent low
deep	adj.	of an obscure nature; ; ; ; - Rachel Carson
deep	adj.	difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge
deep	adj.	exhibiting great cunning usually with secrecy
deep	adv.	to a great depth;far down
deep	adv.	to an advanced time
deep	adv.	to a great distance
deepen	v.	make more intense, stronger, or more marked; ,
deepen	v.	become more intense
deepen	v.	make deeper
deepen	v.	become deeper in tone
deepness	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
deepness	n.	the quality of being physically deep
deepness	n.	the extent downward or backward or inward
deepness	n.	a low pitch that is loud and voluminous
deer	n.	distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers
deere	n.	United States industrialist who manufactured plows suitable for working the prairie soil (1804-1886)
deerskin	n.	leather from the hide of a deer
deerstalker	n.	a tight-fitting hat with visors front and back; formerly worn by hunters
defacement	n.	the act of damaging the appearance or surface of something
defalcate	v.	appropriate (as property entrusted to one's care) fraudulently to one's own use
defalcation	n.	the sum of money that is misappropriated
defalcation	n.	the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else
defamation	n.	a false accusation of an offense or a malicious misrepresentation of someone's words or actions
defamation	n.	an abusive attack on a person's character or good name
defamatory	adj.	(used of statements) harmful and often untrue; tending to discredit or malign
defame	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
defamer	n.	one who attacks the reputation of another by slander or libel
defaulter	n.	someone who fails to make a required appearance in court
defaulter	n.	someone who fails to meet a financial obligation
defaulter	n.	a contestant who forfeits a match
defeat	n.	an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
defeat	n.	the feeling that accompanies an experience of being thwarted in attaining your goals
defeat	v.	win a victory over
defeat	v.	thwart the passage of
defeated	n.	people who are defeated
defeated	v.	win a victory over
defeated	v.	thwart the passage of
defeated	adj.	beaten or overcome; not victorious
defeated	adj.	disappointingly unsuccessful
defeatism	n.	acceptance of the inevitability of defeat
defeatist	n.	someone who is resigned to defeat without offering positive suggestions
defecate	v.	have a bowel movement
defecation	n.	the elimination of fecal waste through the anus
defect	n.	an imperfection in a bodily system
defect	n.	a failing or deficiency
defect	n.	an imperfection in an object or machine
defect	n.	a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body)
defect	v.	desert (a cause, a country or an army), often in order to join the opposing cause, country, or army
defection	n.	withdrawing support or help despite allegiance or responsibility
defection	n.	the state of having rejected your religious beliefs or your political party or a cause (often in favor of opposing beliefs or causes)
defective	adj.	having a defect
defective	adj.	markedly subnormal in structure or function or intelligence or behavior
defective	adj.	not working properly
defectiveness	n.	the state of being defective
defector	n.	a person who abandons their duty (as on a military post)
defendant	n.	a person or institution against whom an action is brought in a court of law; the person being sued or accused
defended	v.	argue or speak in defense of
defended	v.	be on the defensive; act against an attack
defended	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
defended	v.	fight against or resist strongly
defended	v.	protect or fight for as a champion
defended	v.	be the defense counsel for someone in a trial
defended	v.	state or assert
defenestration	n.	the act of throwing someone or something out of a window
defense	n.	(military) military action or resources protecting a country against potential enemies
defense	n.	protection from harm
defense	n.	(sports) the team that is trying to prevent the other team from scoring
defense	n.	the justification for some act or belief
defense	n.	(psychiatry) an unconscious process that tries to reduce the anxiety associated with instinctive desires
defense	n.	the federal department responsible for safeguarding national security of the United States; created in 1947
defense	n.	the defendant and his legal advisors collectively
defense	n.	the speech act of answering an attack on your assertions
defense	n.	an organization of defenders that provides resistance against attack
defense	n.	a structure used to defend against attack
defense	n.	a defendant's answer or plea denying the truth of the charges against him
defense	n.	the act of defending someone or something against attack or injury
defenseless	adj.	lacking protection or support
defenseless	adj.	having no protecting or concealing cover; - Shakespeare
defenseless	adj.	lacking weapons for self-defense
defenseless	adv.	without defense
defenselessness	n.	the property of being helpless in the face of attack
defensible	adj.	capable of being defended
defensive	n.	an attitude of defensiveness (especially in the phrase `on the defensive')
defensive	adj.	intended or appropriate for defending against or deterring aggression or attack
defensive	adj.	attempting to justify or defend in speech or writing
defensiveness	n.	excessive sensitivity to criticism
deference	n.	a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard
deference	n.	courteous regard for people's feelings
deference	n.	a disposition or tendency to yield to the will of others
deferential	adj.	showing deference
deferral	n.	a state of abeyance or suspended business
deferral	n.	act of putting off to a future time
deferred	v.	hold back to a later time
deferred	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
deferring	v.	hold back to a later time
deferring	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
defiant	adj.	boldly resisting authority or an opposing force
defibrillation	n.	treatment by stopping fibrillation of heart muscles (usually by electric shock delivered by a defibrillator)
defibrillator	n.	an electronic device that administers an electric shock of preset voltage to the heart through the chest wall in an attempt to restore the normal rhythm of the heart during ventricular fibrillation
deficiency	n.	the state of needing something that is absent or unavailable
deficiency	n.	lack of an adequate quantity or number
deficient	adj.	inadequate in amount or degree
deficient	adj.	of a quantity not able to fulfill a need or requirement
deficient	adj.	falling short of some prescribed norm
deficit	n.	the property of being an amount by which something is less than expected or required
deficit	n.	a deficiency or failure in neurological or mental functioning
deficit	n.	(sports) the score by which a team or individual is losing
deficit	n.	an excess of liabilities over assets (usually over a certain period)
defilement	n.	the state of being polluted
definable	adj.	capable of being defined, limited, or explained
define	v.	determine the essential quality of
define	v.	give a definition for the meaning of a word
define	v.	determine the nature of
define	v.	show the form or outline of
define	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
defined	v.	determine the essential quality of
defined	v.	give a definition for the meaning of a word
defined	v.	determine the nature of
defined	v.	show the form or outline of
defined	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
defined	adj.	clearly characterized or delimited
defined	adj.	showing clearly the outline or profile or boundary
definite	adj.	precise; explicit and clearly defined
definite	adj.	known for certain
definiteness	n.	the quality of being predictable with great confidence
definition	n.	a concise explanation of the meaning of a word or phrase or symbol
definition	n.	clarity of outline
definitions	n.	a concise explanation of the meaning of a word or phrase or symbol
definitions	n.	clarity of outline
definitive	adj.	clearly defined or formulated; - R.B.Taney
definitive	adj.	of recognized authority or excellence
definitive	adj.	supplying or being a final or conclusive settlement
deflate	v.	collapse by releasing contained air or gas
deflate	v.	release contained air or gas from
deflate	v.	reduce or lessen the size or importance of
deflate	v.	produce deflation in
deflate	v.	reduce or cut back the amount or availability of, creating a decline in value or prices
deflate	v.	become deflated or flaccid, as by losing air
deflation	n.	(geology) the erosion of soil as a consequence of sand and dust and loose rocks being removed by the wind
deflation	n.	a contraction of economic activity resulting in a decline of prices
deflation	n.	the act of letting the air out of something
deflationary	adj.	associated with or tending to cause decreases in consumer prices or increases in the purchasing power of money
deflect	v.	prevent the occurrence of; prevent from happening
deflect	v.	turn from a straight course, fixed direction, or line of interest
deflect	v.	turn aside and away from an initial or intended course
deflect	v.	draw someone's attention away from something
deflect	v.	impede the movement of (an opponent or a ball)
deflection	n.	a twist or aberration; especially a perverse or abnormal way of judging or acting
deflection	n.	the amount by which a propagating wave is bent
deflection	n.	the movement of the pointer or pen of a measuring instrument from its zero position
deflection	n.	the property of being bent or deflected
deflection	n.	a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)
deflector	n.	a device intended to turn aside the flow of something (water or air or smoke etc)
defoe	n.	English writer remembered particularly for his novel about Robinson Crusoe (1660-1731)
defoliant	n.	a chemical that is sprayed on plants and causes their leaves to fall off
defoliate	v.	strip the leaves or branches from
defoliate	adj.	deprived of leaves
defoliation	n.	the loss of foliage
defoliation	n.	causing the leaves of trees and other plants to fall off (as by the use of chemicals)
defoliator	n.	an insect that strips the leaves from plants
deformity	n.	an affliction in which some part of the body is misshapen or malformed
deformity	n.	an appearance that has been spoiled or is misshapen
defraud	v.	deprive of by deceit
defrauder	n.	a person who swindles you by means of deception or fraud
defrayal	n.	the act of paying money
defrock	v.	divest of the frock; of church officials
defroster	n.	heater that removes ice or frost (as from a windshield or a refrigerator or the wings of an airplane)
deft	adj.	skillful in physical movements; especially of the hands
deftness	n.	skillful performance or ability without difficulty
defunct	adj.	no longer in force or use; inactive
defunct	adj.	having ceased to exist or live
defy	v.	resist or confront with resistance
defy	v.	elude, especially in a baffling way
defy	v.	challenge
degas	n.	French impressionist painter (1834-1917)
degas	v.	remove gas from
degeneracy	n.	the state of being degenerate in mental or moral qualities
degeneracy	n.	moral perversion; impairment of virtue and moral principles
degenerate	n.	a person whose behavior deviates from what is acceptable especially in sexual behavior
degenerate	v.	grow worse
degenerate	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
degrade	v.	reduce the level of land, as by erosion
degrade	v.	reduce in worth or character, usually verbally
degrade	v.	lower the grade of something; reduce its worth
degree	n.	a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality
degree	n.	a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process
degree	n.	an award conferred by a college or university signifying that the recipient has satisfactorily completed a course of study
degree	n.	a measure for arcs and angles
degree	n.	the highest power of a term or variable
degree	n.	a unit of temperature on a specified scale
degree	n.	the seriousness of something (e.g., a burn or crime)
deicer	n.	heater that removes ice or frost (as from a windshield or a refrigerator or the wings of an airplane)
deification	n.	the condition of being treated like a god
deification	n.	an embodiment of the qualities of a god
deification	n.	the elevation of a person (as to the status of a god)
deify	v.	consider as a god or godlike
deify	v.	exalt to the position of a God
deign	v.	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity
deimos	n.	the outer of two small satellites of Mars
deist	n.	a person who believes that God created the universe and then abandoned it
deist	adj.	of or relating to deism
deistic	adj.	of or relating to deism
deity	n.	any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force
deject	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
dejected	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
dejected	adj.	affected or marked by low spirits
dejection	n.	a state of melancholy depression
dejection	n.	solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels
delacroix	n.	French romantic painter (1798-1863)
delaware	n.	a river that rises in the Catskills in southeastern New York and flows southward along the border of Pennsylvania with New York and New Jersey to northern Delaware where it empties into Delaware Bay
delaware	n.	a member of an Algonquian people formerly living in New Jersey and New York and parts of Delaware and Pennsylvania
delaware	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
delaware	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
delaware	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Delaware
delawarean	n.	a native or resident of Delaware
delay	n.	time during which some action is awaited
delay	n.	the act of delaying; inactivity resulting in something being put off until a later time
delay	v.	cause to be slowed down or delayed
delay	v.	act later than planned, scheduled, or required
delay	v.	stop or halt
delay	v.	slow the growth or development of
delectable	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
delectable	adj.	capable of arousing desire
delectation	n.	a feeling of extreme pleasure or satisfaction
delectation	n.	act of receiving pleasure from something
delegate	n.	a person appointed or elected to represent others
delegate	v.	transfer power to someone
delegate	v.	give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person)
delete	v.	remove or make invisible
delete	v.	wipe out digitally or magnetically recorded information
delete	v.	cut or eliminate
deleterious	adj.	harmful to living things
deletion	n.	any process whereby sounds or words are left out of spoken words or phrases
deletion	n.	(genetics) the loss or absence of one or more nucleotides from a chromosome
deletion	n.	the omission that is made when an editorial change shortens a written passage
deletion	n.	the act of deleting something written or printed
delft	n.	a style of glazed earthenware; usually white with blue decoration
delhi	n.	a city in north central India
deli	n.	a shop selling ready-to-eat food products
deliberate	v.	think about carefully; weigh
deliberate	v.	discuss the pros and cons of an issue
deliberate	adj.	carefully thought out in advance
deliberate	adj.	unhurried and with care and dignity
deliberateness	n.	a rate demonstrating an absence of haste or hurry
deliberateness	n.	the trait of thoughtfulness in action or decision
delibes	n.	French composer of operas (1836-1891)
delicacy	n.	the quality of being beautiful and delicate in appearance
delicacy	n.	something considered choice to eat
delicacy	n.	refined taste; tact
delicacy	n.	smallness of stature
delicacy	n.	lack of physical strength
delicacy	n.	subtly skillful handling of a situation
delicacy	n.	lightness in movement or manner
delicate	adj.	exquisitely fine and subtle and pleasing; susceptible to injury
delicate	adj.	marked by great skill especially in meticulous technique
delicate	adj.	easily broken or damaged or destroyed
delicate	adj.	easily hurt
delicate	adj.	developed with extreme delicacy and subtlety
delicate	adj.	difficult to handle; requiring great tact
delicate	adj.	of an instrument or device; capable of registering minute differences or changes precisely
delicatessen	n.	ready-to-eat food products
delicatessen	n.	a shop selling ready-to-eat food products
delicious	n.	variety of sweet eating apples
delicious	adj.	greatly pleasing or entertaining
delicious	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
deliciousness	n.	extreme appetizingness
delighted	v.	give pleasure to or be pleasing to
delighted	v.	take delight in
delighted	v.	hold spellbound
delighted	adj.	greatly pleased
delighted	adj.	filled with wonder and delight
delightful	adj.	greatly pleasing or entertaining
delilah	n.	(Old Testament) the Philistine mistress of Samson who betrayed him by cutting off his hair and so deprived him of his strength
delilah	n.	a woman who is considered to be dangerously seductive
delilahs	n.	(Old Testament) the Philistine mistress of Samson who betrayed him by cutting off his hair and so deprived him of his strength
delilahs	n.	a woman who is considered to be dangerously seductive
delineate	v.	show the form or outline of
delineate	v.	determine the essential quality of
delineate	v.	trace the shape of
delineate	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
delineate	v.	describe in vivid detail
delineate	adj.	represented accurately or precisely
delineation	n.	a graphic or vivid verbal description
delineation	n.	a drawing of the outlines of forms or objects
delineation	n.	representation by drawing or painting etc
delinquency	n.	nonpayment of a debt when due
delinquency	n.	a tendency to be negligent and uncaring
delinquency	n.	an antisocial misdeed in violation of the law by a minor
delinquent	n.	a young offender
delinquent	adj.	guilty of a misdeed
delinquent	adj.	failing in what duty requires
delinquent	adj.	past due; not paid at the scheduled time
deliquesce	v.	melt away in the process of decay
deliquesce	v.	melt or become liquid by absorbing moisture from the air
deliquescent	adj.	(especially of certain salts) becoming liquid by absorbing moisture from the air
delirious	adj.	experiencing delirium
delirious	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
delirium	n.	state of violent mental agitation
delirium	n.	a usually brief state of excitement and mental confusion often accompanied by hallucinations
delius	n.	English composer of orchestral works (1862-1934)
deliver	v.	deliver (a speech, oration, or idea)
deliver	v.	bring to a destination, make a delivery
deliver	v.	to surrender someone or something to another
deliver	v.	free from harm or evil
deliver	v.	hand over to the authorities of another country
deliver	v.	pass down
deliver	v.	utter (an exclamation, noise, etc.)
deliver	v.	save from sins
deliver	v.	carry out or perform; ,
deliver	v.	relinquish possession or control over
deliver	v.	throw or hurl from the mound to the batter, as in baseball
deliver	v.	cause to be born
deliverable	n.	something that can be provided as the product of development
deliverable	adj.	suitable for or ready for delivery
deliverance	n.	recovery or preservation from loss or danger
delivered	v.	deliver (a speech, oration, or idea)
delivered	v.	bring to a destination, make a delivery
delivered	v.	to surrender someone or something to another
delivered	v.	free from harm or evil
delivered	v.	hand over to the authorities of another country
delivered	v.	pass down
delivered	v.	utter (an exclamation, noise, etc.)
delivered	v.	save from sins
delivered	v.	carry out or perform; ,
delivered	v.	relinquish possession or control over
delivered	v.	throw or hurl from the mound to the batter, as in baseball
delivered	v.	cause to be born
deliverer	n.	a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)
deliverer	n.	a person who rescues you from harm or danger
deliverer	n.	someone employed to make deliveries
deliverer	n.	a person who gives up or transfers money or goods
dell	n.	a small wooded hollow
delphi	n.	an ancient Greek city on the slopes of Mount Parnassus; site of the oracle of Delphi
delphic	adj.	of or relating to Delphi or to the oracles of Apollo at Delphi
delphic	adj.	obscurely prophetic
delphinium	n.	any plant of the genus Delphinium having palmately divided leaves and showy spikes of variously colored spurred flowers; some contain extremely poisonous substances
delphinus	n.	a constellation in the northern hemisphere near Pegasus and Aquila
delphinus	n.	type genus of the Delphinidae
delta	n.	a low triangular area of alluvial deposits where a river divides before entering a larger body of water
delta	n.	an object shaped like an equilateral triangle
delta	n.	the 4th letter of the Greek alphabet
delude	v.	be false to; be dishonest with
deluge	n.	an overwhelming number or amount
deluge	n.	a heavy rain
deluge	n.	the rising of a body of water and its overflowing onto normally dry land
deluge	v.	fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid
deluge	v.	charge someone with too many tasks
deluge	v.	fill or cover completely, usually with water
delusion	n.	(psychology) an erroneous belief that is held in the face of evidence to the contrary
delusion	n.	a mistaken or unfounded opinion or idea
delusion	n.	the act of deluding; deception by creating illusory ideas
delusional	adj.	suffering from or characterized by delusions
delusive	adj.	inappropriate to reality or facts
deluxe	adj.	rich and superior in quality
deluxe	adj.	elegant and sumptuous
delve	v.	turn up, loosen, or remove earth
demagogic	adj.	characteristic of or resembling a demagogue
demagogue	n.	a political leader who seeks support by appealing to popular passions and prejudices
demagoguery	n.	impassioned appeals to the prejudices and emotions of the populace
demagogy	n.	impassioned appeals to the prejudices and emotions of the populace
demand	n.	an urgent or peremptory request
demand	n.	the ability and desire to purchase goods and services
demand	n.	required activity
demand	n.	the act of demanding
demand	n.	a condition requiring relief
demand	v.	request urgently and forcefully
demand	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
demand	v.	claim as due or just
demand	v.	lay legal claim to
demand	v.	summon to court
demand	v.	ask to be informed of
demanding	v.	request urgently and forcefully
demanding	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
demanding	v.	claim as due or just
demanding	v.	lay legal claim to
demanding	v.	summon to court
demanding	v.	ask to be informed of
demanding	adj.	requiring more than usually expected or thought due; especially great patience and effort and skill
demarcate	v.	separate clearly, as if by boundaries
demarcate	v.	set, mark, or draw the boundaries of something
demarcation	n.	the boundary of a specific area
demarcation	n.	a conceptual separation or distinction
demavend	n.	an active volcano in northern Iran
demean	v.	reduce in worth or character, usually verbally
demeanor	n.	(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people
demented	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
dementia	n.	mental deterioration of organic or functional origin
demerol	n.	a synthetic narcotic drug (trade name Demerol) used to treat pain
demesne	n.	extensive landed property (especially in the country) retained by the owner for his own use
demesne	n.	territory over which rule or control is exercised
demeter	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of fertility and protector of marriage in ancient mythology; counterpart of Roman Ceres
demetrius	n.	son of Antigonus Cyclops and king of Macedonia; he and his father were defeated at the battle of Ipsus (337-283 BC)
demigod	n.	a person with great powers and abilities
demigod	n.	a person who is part mortal and part god
demijohn	n.	large bottle with a short narrow neck; often has small handles at neck and is enclosed in wickerwork
demimondaine	n.	a woman whose sexual promiscuity places her outside respectable society
demimonde	n.	a class of woman not considered respectable because of indiscreet or promiscuous behavior
demise	n.	the time when something ends
demise	v.	transfer by a lease or by a will
demitasse	n.	small cup of strong black coffee without milk or cream
demitasse	n.	small coffee cup; for serving black coffee
demo	n.	a visual presentation showing how something works
demo	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
democracy	n.	the political orientation of those who favor government by the people or by their elected representatives
democracy	n.	a political system in which the supreme power lies in a body of citizens who can elect people to represent them
democracy	n.	the doctrine that the numerical majority of an organized group can make decisions binding on the whole group
democrat	n.	a member of the Democratic Party
democrat	n.	an advocate of democratic principles
democratic	adj.	characterized by or advocating or based upon the principles of democracy or social equality; ; ; - George du Maurier
democratic	adj.	belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
democratic	adj.	representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of the people at large
democratically	adv.	in a democratic manner; based on democratic principles
democratization	n.	the action of making something democratic
democratize	v.	become (more) democratic; of nations
democratize	v.	introduce democratic reforms; of nations
democritus	n.	Greek philosopher who developed an atomistic theory of matter (460-370 BC)
demode	adj.	out of fashion
demographer	n.	a scientist who studies the growth and density of populations and their vital statistics
demographic	n.	a statistic characterizing human populations (or segments of human populations broken down by age or sex or income etc.)
demographic	adj.	of or relating to demography
demographics	n.	a statistic characterizing human populations (or segments of human populations broken down by age or sex or income etc.)
demography	n.	the branch of sociology that studies the characteristics of human populations
demolish	v.	destroy completely
demolish	v.	humiliate or depress completely
demolish	v.	defeat soundly
demolition	n.	an event (or the result of an event) that completely destroys something
demolition	n.	the act of demolishing
demon	n.	an evil supernatural being
demon	n.	a cruel wicked and inhuman person
demon	n.	someone extremely diligent or skillful
demonetization	n.	ending something (e.g. gold or silver) as no longer the legal tender of a country
demoniac	n.	someone who acts as if possessed by a demon
demoniac	adj.	frenzied as if possessed by a demon
demoniacal	adj.	frenzied as if possessed by a demon
demonic	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
demonize	v.	make into a demon
demonstrability	n.	capability of being demonstrated or logically proved
demonstrable	adj.	necessarily or demonstrably true
demonstrable	adj.	capable of being demonstrated or proved; ; ; - Walter Bagehot
demonstrably	adv.	in an obvious and provable manner
demonstrate	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
demonstrate	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
demonstrate	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
demonstrate	v.	march in protest; take part in a demonstration
demonstration	n.	a show or display; the act of presenting something to sight or view
demonstration	n.	a show of military force or preparedness
demonstration	n.	a public display of group feelings (usually of a political nature)
demonstration	n.	proof by a process of argument or a series of proposition proving an asserted conclusion
demonstration	n.	a visual presentation showing how something works
demonstrative	n.	a pronoun that points out an intended referent
demonstrative	adj.	given to or marked by the open expression of emotion
demonstrative	adj.	serving to demonstrate
demonstrativeness	n.	tending to express your feelings freely
demonstrator	n.	a teacher or teacher's assistant who demonstrates the principles that are being taught
demonstrator	n.	someone who demonstrates an article to a prospective buyer
demonstrator	n.	someone who participates in a public display of group feeling
demosthenes	n.	Athenian statesman and orator (circa 385-322 BC)
demote	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
demotic	n.	a simplified cursive form of the ancient hieratic script
demotic	n.	the modern Greek vernacular
demotic	adj.	of or written in or belonging to the form of modern Greek based on colloquial use
demotic	adj.	of or for the common people
dempsey	n.	United States prizefighter who was world heavyweight champion (1895-1983)
demulcent	n.	a medication (in the form of an oil or salve etc.) that soothes inflamed or injured skin
demulcent	adj.	having a softening or soothing effect especially to the skin
demur	n.	(law) a formal objection to an opponent's pleadings
demur	v.	take exception to
demur	v.	enter a demurrer
demure	adj.	affectedly modest or shy especially in a playful or provocative way
demureness	n.	the trait of behaving with reserve and decorum
demureness	n.	the affectation of being demure in a provocative way
demurral	n.	(law) a formal objection to an opponent's pleadings
demurred	v.	take exception to
demurred	v.	enter a demurrer
demurrer	n.	(law) a formal objection to an opponent's pleadings
demurrer	n.	(law) any pleading that attacks the legal sufficiency of the opponent's pleadings
demurrer	n.	a defendant's answer or plea denying the truth of the charges against him
demurring	v.	take exception to
demurring	v.	enter a demurrer
den	n.	the habitation of wild animals
den	n.	a hiding place; usually a remote place used by outlaws
den	n.	a unit of 8 to 10 cub scouts
den	n.	a room that is comfortable and secluded
denali	n.	a mountain in south central Alaska; the highest peak in North America (20,300 feet high)
denationalization	n.	changing something from state to private ownership or control
denature	v.	add nonfissionable material to (fissionable material) so as to make unsuitable for use in an atomic bomb
denature	v.	modify (as a native protein) especially by heat, acid, alkali, or ultraviolet radiation so that all of the original properties are removed or diminished
denature	v.	make (alcohol) unfit for drinking without impairing usefulness for other purposes
dendrite	n.	short fiber that conducts toward the cell body of the neuron
deneb	n.	the brightest star in Cygnus
denebola	n.	a star in Leo approximately 43 light years from Earth
dengue	n.	an infectious disease of the tropics transmitted by mosquitoes and characterized by rash and aching head and joints
deniable	adj.	capable of being denied or contradicted
denial	n.	the act of refusing to comply (as with a request)
denial	n.	the act of asserting that something alleged is not true
denial	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism that denies painful thoughts
denial	n.	renunciation of your own interests in favor of the interests of others
denial	n.	a defendant's answer or plea denying the truth of the charges against him
denier	n.	a unit of measurement for the fineness of silk or nylon or rayon
denier	n.	any of various former European coins of different denominations
denier	n.	one who denies
denigrate	v.	cause to seem less serious; play down
denigrate	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
denigration	n.	a belittling comment
denigration	n.	an abusive attack on a person's character or good name
denigration	n.	the act of expressing disapproval (especially of yourself)
denim	n.	(usually plural) close-fitting trousers of heavy denim for manual work or casual wear
denim	n.	a coarse durable twill-weave cotton fabric
denizen	n.	a person who inhabits a particular place
denizen	n.	a plant or animal naturalized in a region
denmark	n.	a constitutional monarchy in northern Europe; consists of the mainland of Jutland and many islands between the North Sea and the Baltic Sea
denominational	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a particular religious denomination
denominational	adj.	relating to the face value of a banknote, coin, or stamp
denominational	adj.	adhering or confined to a particular sect or denomination
denotative	adj.	having the power of explicitly denoting or designating or naming
denotative	adj.	in accordance with fact or the primary meaning of a term
denouement	n.	the outcome of a complex sequence of events
denouement	n.	the final resolution of the main complication of a literary or dramatic work
denounce	v.	speak out against
denounce	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
denounce	v.	announce the termination of, as of treaties
denounce	v.	give away information about somebody
denouncement	n.	a public act of denouncing
dense	adj.	permitting little if any light to pass through because of denseness of matter
dense	adj.	hard to pass through because of dense growth
dense	adj.	having high relative density or specific gravity
dense	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
denseness	n.	the quality of being mentally slow and limited
denseness	n.	the spatial property of being crowded together
denseness	n.	the amount per unit size
density	n.	the amount per unit size
density	n.	the spatial property of being crowded together
dent	n.	an appreciable consequence (especially a lessening)
dent	n.	a depression scratched or carved into a surface
dent	n.	an impression in a surface (as made by a blow)
dent	v.	make a depression into
dental	n.	a consonant articulated with the tip of the tongue near the gum ridge
dental	adj.	of or relating to the teeth
dental	adj.	of or relating to dentistry
dentifrice	n.	a substance for cleaning the teeth; applied with a toothbrush
dentin	n.	a calcareous material harder and denser than bone that comprises the bulk of a tooth
dentin	n.	bone (calcified tissue) surrounding the pulp cavity of a tooth
dentist	n.	a person qualified to practice dentistry
dentistry	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the anatomy and development and diseases of the teeth
dentition	n.	the eruption through the gums of baby teeth
dentition	n.	the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or animal
denture	n.	a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth
denudation	n.	the removal of covering
denude	v.	lay bare
denunciation	n.	a public act of denouncing
denver	n.	the state capital and largest city of Colorado; located in central Colorado on the South Platte river
deny	v.	declare untrue; contradict
deny	v.	refuse to accept or believe
deny	v.	refuse to grant, as of a petition or request
deny	v.	refuse to let have
deny	v.	deny oneself (something); restrain, especially from indulging in some pleasure
deny	v.	deny formally (an allegation of fact by the opposing party) in a legal suit
deny	v.	refuse to recognize or acknowledge
deodorant	n.	a toiletry applied to the skin in order to mask unpleasant odors
deodorize	v.	eliminate the odor from
departed	n.	someone who is no longer alive
departed	v.	move away from a place into another direction
departed	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
departed	v.	leave
departed	v.	go away or leave
departed	v.	remove oneself from an association with or participation in
departed	v.	wander from a direct or straight course
departed	adj.	well in the past; former
departed	adj.	dead
department	n.	a specialized division of a large organization
department	n.	the territorial and administrative division of some countries (such as France)
department	n.	a specialized sphere of knowledge
departmental	adj.	of or relating to a department
departure	n.	the act of departing
departure	n.	a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
departure	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
dependability	n.	the quality of being dependable or reliable
dependable	adj.	worthy of reliance or trust
dependable	adj.	worthy of being depended on
dependable	adj.	consistent in performance or behavior
dependable	adj.	financially sound
dependably	adv.	in a faithful manner
dependence	n.	the state of relying on or being controlled by someone or something else
dependence	n.	being abnormally tolerant to and dependent on something that is psychologically or physically habit-forming (especially alcohol or narcotic drugs)
dependency	n.	the state of relying on or being controlled by someone or something else
dependency	n.	being abnormally tolerant to and dependent on something that is psychologically or physically habit-forming (especially alcohol or narcotic drugs)
dependency	n.	a geographical area politically controlled by a distant country
dependent	n.	a person who relies on another person for support (especially financial support)
dependent	adj.	relying on or requiring a person or thing for support, supply, or what is needed
dependent	adj.	contingent on something else
dependent	adj.	(of a clause) unable to stand alone syntactically as a complete sentence
dependent	adj.	held from above
dependent	adj.	being under the power or sovereignty of another or others
dependent	adj.	addicted to a drug
depict	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
depict	v.	give a description of
depict	v.	make a portrait of
depiction	n.	a graphic or vivid verbal description
depiction	n.	a representation by picture or portraiture
depiction	n.	a drawing of the outlines of forms or objects
depiction	n.	representation by drawing or painting etc
depilatory	n.	a chemical (usually a sulfide) used to remove hair or wool or bristles from hides
depilatory	n.	a cosmetic for temporary removal of undesired hair
depilatory	adj.	able to remove hair or render hairless
deplete	v.	use up (resources or materials)
depletion	n.	the act of decreasing something markedly
depletion	n.	the state of being depleted
deplorably	adv.	in an unfortunate or deplorable manner
deplore	v.	express strong disapproval of
deplore	v.	regret strongly
deploy	v.	place troops or weapons in battle formation
deploy	v.	to distribute systematically or strategically
deployment	n.	the distribution of forces in preparation for battle or work
deployments	n.	the distribution of forces in preparation for battle or work
deponent	n.	a person who testifies or gives a deposition
deportation	n.	the act of expelling a person from their native land
deportation	n.	the expulsion from a country of an undesirable alien
deportee	n.	a person who is expelled from home or country by authority
deportment	n.	(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people
deposit	n.	the phenomenon of sediment or gravel accumulating
deposit	n.	matter that has been deposited by some natural process
deposit	n.	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something
deposit	n.	money deposited in a bank or some similar institution
deposit	n.	a partial payment made at the time of purchase; the balance to be paid later
deposit	n.	money given as security for an article acquired for temporary use
deposit	n.	a payment given as a guarantee that an obligation will be met
deposit	n.	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping
deposit	n.	the act of putting something somewhere
deposit	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
deposit	v.	put into a bank account
deposit	v.	put (something somewhere) firmly
depositor	n.	a person who has deposited money in a bank or similar institution
depository	n.	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping
deprave	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
depravity	n.	moral perversion; impairment of virtue and moral principles
depravity	n.	a corrupt or depraved or degenerate act or practice
deprecate	v.	express strong disapproval of; deplore
deprecate	v.	belittle
deprecating	v.	express strong disapproval of; deplore
deprecating	v.	belittle
deprecating	adj.	tending to diminish or disparage
deprecation	n.	a prayer to avert or remove some evil or disaster
deprecation	n.	the act of expressing disapproval (especially of yourself)
deprecatory	adj.	tending to diminish or disparage
depreciate	v.	belittle
depreciate	v.	lower the value of something
depreciate	v.	lose in value
depreciation	n.	a decrease in price or value
depreciation	n.	decrease in value of an asset due to obsolescence or use
depreciation	n.	a communication that belittles somebody or something
depredation	n.	an act of plundering and pillaging and marauding
depredation	n.	(usually plural) a destructive action
depressant	n.	a drug that reduces excitability and calms a person
depressant	adj.	capable of depressing physiological or psychological activity or response by a chemical agent
depressing	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
depressing	v.	lower (prices or markets)
depressing	v.	cause to drop or sink
depressing	v.	press down
depressing	v.	lessen the activity or force of
depressing	adj.	causing sad feelings of gloom and inadequacy
depression	n.	a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity
depression	n.	a long-term economic state characterized by unemployment and low prices and low levels of trade and investment
depression	n.	a sunken or depressed geological formation
depression	n.	sad feelings of gloom and inadequacy
depression	n.	a period during the 1930s when there was a worldwide economic depression and mass unemployment
depression	n.	an air mass of lower pressure; often brings precipitation
depression	n.	a state of depression and anhedonia so severe as to require clinical intervention
depression	n.	a concavity in a surface produced by pressing
depression	n.	angular distance below the horizon (especially of a celestial object)
depression	n.	pushing down
depressive	n.	someone suffering psychological depression
depressor	n.	any skeletal muscle that draws a body part down
depressor	n.	any nerve whose activity tends to reduce the activity or tone of the body part it serves
depressor	n.	a device used by physician to press a part down or aside
deprive	v.	take away possessions from someone
deprive	v.	keep from having, keeping, or obtaining
deprive	v.	take away
depth	n.	the extent downward or backward or inward
depth	n.	degree of psychological or intellectual profundity
depth	n.	(usually plural) the deepest and most remote part
depth	n.	(usually plural) a low moral state
depth	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
depth	n.	the attribute or quality of being deep, strong, or intense
depths	n.	the extent downward or backward or inward
depths	n.	degree of psychological or intellectual profundity
depths	n.	(usually plural) the deepest and most remote part
depths	n.	(usually plural) a low moral state
depths	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
depths	n.	the attribute or quality of being deep, strong, or intense
deputation	n.	a group of representatives or delegates
deputation	n.	authorizing subordinates to make certain decisions
depute	v.	transfer power to someone
depute	v.	appoint as a substitute
depute	v.	give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person)
deputize	v.	act as a substitute
deputize	v.	appoint as a substitute
deputy	n.	someone authorized to exercise the powers of sheriff in emergencies
deputy	n.	an assistant with power to act when his superior is absent
deputy	n.	a member of the lower chamber of a legislative assembly (such as in France)
deputy	n.	a person appointed to represent or act on behalf of others
derailment	n.	an accident in which a train runs off its track
derangement	n.	a state of mental disturbance and disorientation
derangement	n.	the act of disturbing the mind or body
derby	n.	a felt hat that is round and hard with a narrow brim
derelict	n.	a person without a home, job, or property
derelict	n.	a ship abandoned on the high seas
derelict	adj.	worn and broken down by hard use
derelict	adj.	forsaken by owner or inhabitants
derelict	adj.	failing in what duty requires
derelict	adj.	in deplorable condition
dereliction	n.	a tendency to be negligent and uncaring
dereliction	n.	willful negligence
deride	v.	treat or speak of with contempt
derision	n.	contemptuous laughter
derision	n.	the act of deriding or treating with contempt
derisive	adj.	abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule
derisory	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
derivation	n.	the source or origin from which something derives (i.e. comes or issues)
derivation	n.	(historical linguistics) an explanation of the historical origins of a word or phrase
derivation	n.	a line of reasoning that shows how a conclusion follows logically from accepted propositions
derivation	n.	(descriptive linguistics) the process whereby new words are formed from existing words or bases by affixation
derivation	n.	inherited properties shared with others of your bloodline
derivation	n.	drawing of fluid or inflammation away from a diseased part of the body
derivation	n.	drawing off water from its main channel as for irrigation
derivation	n.	the act of deriving something or obtaining something from a source or origin
derivative	n.	the result of mathematical differentiation; the instantaneous change of one quantity relative to another; df(x)/dx
derivative	n.	a compound obtained from, or regarded as derived from, another compound
derivative	n.	a financial instrument whose value is based on another security
derivative	n.	(linguistics) a word that is derived from another word
derivative	adj.	resulting from or employing derivation
derive	v.	reason by deduction; establish by deduction
derive	v.	obtain
derive	v.	come from
derive	v.	develop or evolve from a latent or potential state
derive	v.	come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example
dermal	adj.	of or relating to a cuticle or cuticula
dermal	adj.	of or relating to or located in the dermis
dermal	adj.	relating to or existing on or affecting the skin
dermatitis	n.	inflammation of the skin; skin becomes itchy and may develop blisters
dermatological	adj.	of or relating to or practicing dermatology
dermatologist	n.	a doctor who specializes in the physiology and pathology of the skin
dermatology	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the skin and its diseases
dermis	n.	the deep vascular inner layer of the skin
derogate	v.	cause to seem less serious; play down
derogation	n.	a communication that belittles somebody or something
derogation	n.	(law) the partial taking away of the effectiveness of a law; a partial repeal or abolition of a law
derogatory	adj.	expressive of low opinion
derrick	n.	a framework erected over an oil well to allow drill tubes to be raised and lowered
derrick	n.	a simple crane having lifting tackle slung from a boom
derrida	n.	French philosopher and critic (born in Algeria); exponent of deconstructionism (1930-2004)
derriere	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
derringer	n.	a pocket pistol of large caliber with a short barrel
derv	n.	diesel oil used in cars and lorries with diesel engines; from d(iesel) e(ngine) r(oad) v(ehicle)
dervish	n.	an ascetic Muslim monk; a member of an order noted for devotional exercises involving bodily movements
desalinate	v.	remove salt from
desalination	n.	the removal of salt (especially from sea water)
desalinization	n.	the removal of salt (especially from sea water)
desalinize	v.	remove salt from
descant	n.	a decorative musical accompaniment (often improvised) added above a basic melody
descant	v.	sing in descant
descant	v.	sing by changing register; sing by yodeling
descant	v.	talk at great length about something of one's interest
descartes	n.	French philosopher and mathematician; developed dualistic theory of mind and matter; introduced the use of coordinates to locate a point in two or three dimensions (1596-1650)
descend	v.	move downward and lower, but not necessarily all the way
descend	v.	come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example
descend	v.	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity
descend	v.	come as if by falling
descendant	n.	a person considered as descended from some ancestor or race
descendant	adj.	going or coming down
descendant	adj.	proceeding by descent from an ancestor
descender	n.	someone who descends
descender	n.	a lowercase letter that has a part extending below other lowercase letters
descender	n.	(printing) the part of lowercase letters that extends below the other lowercase letters
describable	adj.	capable of being described
describe	v.	give a description of
describe	v.	to give an account or representation of in words
describe	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
describe	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
description	n.	a statement that represents something in words
description	n.	the act of describing something
description	n.	sort or variety
descriptive	adj.	serving to describe or inform or characterized by description
descriptive	adj.	describing the structure of a language
descriptor	n.	the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something
descriptor	n.	a piece of stored information that is used to identify an item in an information storage and retrieval system
descry	v.	catch sight of
desecrate	v.	violate the sacred character of a place or language
desecrate	v.	remove the consecration from a person or an object
desecration	n.	blasphemous behavior; the act of depriving something of its sacred character
desert	n.	arid land with little or no vegetation
desert	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
desert	v.	desert (a cause, a country or an army), often in order to join the opposing cause, country, or army
desert	v.	leave behind
deserter	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
deserter	n.	a person who abandons their duty (as on a military post)
desertification	n.	the gradual transformation of habitable land into desert; is usually caused by climate change or by destructive use of the land
desertion	n.	withdrawing support or help despite allegiance or responsibility
desertion	n.	the act of giving something up
deserved	v.	be worthy or deserving
deserved	adj.	properly deserved
deserving	v.	be worthy or deserving
deserving	adj.	worthy of being treated in a particular way; ;  (often used ironically)
desiccant	n.	a substance that promotes drying (e.g., calcium oxide absorbs water and is used to remove moisture)
desiccate	v.	preserve by removing all water and liquids from
desiccate	v.	remove water from
desiccate	v.	lose water or moisture
desiccate	adj.	lacking vitality or spirit; lifeless; ; ; -C.J.Rolo
desiccation	n.	dryness resulting from the removal of water
desiccation	n.	the process of extracting moisture
desiderata	n.	something desired as a necessity
desideratum	n.	something desired as a necessity
design	n.	the act of working out the form of something (as by making a sketch or outline or plan)
design	n.	an arrangement scheme
design	n.	something intended as a guide for making something else
design	n.	a decorative or artistic work
design	n.	an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions
design	n.	a preliminary sketch indicating the plan for something
design	n.	the creation of something in the mind
design	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
design	v.	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect
design	v.	create the design for; create or execute in an artistic or highly skilled manner
design	v.	make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form
design	v.	create designs
design	v.	conceive or fashion in the mind; invent
design	v.	intend or have as a purpose
designate	v.	assign a name or title to
designate	v.	give an assignment to (a person) to a post, or assign a task to (a person)
designate	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
designate	v.	decree or designate beforehand
designate	v.	design or destine
designate	adj.	appointed but not yet installed in office
designation	n.	identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others
designation	n.	the act of putting a person into a non-elective position
designation	n.	the act of designating or identifying something
desirability	n.	the quality of being worthy of desiring
desirability	n.	attractiveness to the opposite sex
desirableness	n.	the quality of being worthy of desiring
desirableness	n.	attractiveness to the opposite sex
desire	n.	the feeling that accompanies an unsatisfied state
desire	n.	an inclination to want things
desire	n.	something that is desired
desire	v.	feel or have a desire for; want strongly
desire	v.	expect and wish
desire	v.	express a desire for
desired	v.	feel or have a desire for; want strongly
desired	v.	expect and wish
desired	v.	express a desire for
desired	adj.	greatly desired
desired	adj.	wanted intensely
desirous	adj.	having or expressing desire for something
desist	v.	choose not to consume
desk	n.	a piece of furniture with a writing surface and usually drawers or other compartments
desktop	n.	the top of a desk
desktop	n.	(computer science) the area of the screen in graphical user interfaces against which icons and windows appear
desolate	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
desolate	v.	reduce in population
desolate	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
desolate	adj.	providing no shelter or sustenance
desolate	adj.	crushed by grief
desolation	n.	the state of being decayed or destroyed
desolation	n.	a bleak and desolate atmosphere
desolation	n.	sadness resulting from being forsaken or abandoned
desolation	n.	an event that results in total destruction
despair	n.	a state in which all hope is lost or absent
despair	n.	the feeling that everything is wrong and nothing will turn out well
despair	v.	abandon hope; give up hope; lose heart
despairing	v.	abandon hope; give up hope; lose heart
despairing	adj.	arising from or marked by despair or loss of hope
desperado	n.	a bold outlaw (especially on the American frontier)
desperadoes	n.	a bold outlaw (especially on the American frontier)
desperate	n.	a person who is frightened and in need of help
desperate	adj.	arising from or marked by despair or loss of hope
desperate	adj.	desperately determined
desperate	adj.	(of persons) dangerously reckless or violent as from urgency or despair
desperate	adj.	showing extreme courage; especially of actions courageously undertaken in desperation as a last resort; ; - G.C.Marshall
desperate	adj.	showing extreme urgency or intensity especially because of great need or desire
desperate	adj.	fraught with extreme danger; nearly hopeless; ; - G.C.Marshall
desperation	n.	a state in which all hope is lost or absent
desperation	n.	desperate recklessness
despicable	adj.	morally reprehensible
despicably	adv.	in a despicable manner
despise	v.	look down on with disdain
despite	n.	lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike
despite	n.	contemptuous disregard
despoilment	n.	the act of stripping and taking by force
despondence	n.	feeling downcast and disheartened and hopeless
despondency	n.	feeling downcast and disheartened and hopeless
despondent	adj.	without or almost without hope
despotic	adj.	belonging to or having the characteristics of a despot
despotic	adj.	ruled by or characteristic of a despot
despotic	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
despotism	n.	dominance through threat of punishment and violence
despotism	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
dessert	n.	a dish served as the last course of a meal
dessertspoon	n.	as much as a dessert spoon will hold
dessertspoonful	n.	as much as a dessert spoon will hold
destination	n.	the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey)
destination	n.	the ultimate goal for which something is done
destination	n.	written directions for finding some location; written on letters or packages that are to be delivered to that location
destine	v.	decree or designate beforehand
destine	v.	design or destine
destiny	n.	an event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future
destiny	n.	the ultimate agency regarded as predetermining the course of events (often personified as a woman)
destiny	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
destitute	adj.	poor enough to need help from others
destitute	adj.	completely wanting or lacking
destitution	n.	a state without friends or money or prospects
destroy	v.	do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of
destroy	v.	destroy completely; damage irreparably
destroy	v.	defeat soundly
destroy	v.	put (an animal) to death
destroyer	n.	a small fast lightly armored but heavily armed warship
destroyer	n.	a person who destroys or ruins or lays waste to
destruct	v.	destroy (one's own missile or rocket)
destruct	v.	do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of
destructibility	n.	vulnerability to destruction
destructible	adj.	easily destroyed
destruction	n.	the termination of something by causing so much damage to it that it cannot be repaired or no longer exists
destruction	n.	an event (or the result of an event) that completely destroys something
destruction	n.	a final state
destructive	adj.	causing destruction or much damage
destructiveness	n.	the quality of causing destruction
desuetude	n.	a state of inactivity or disuse
desultory	adj.	marked by lack of definite plan or regularity or purpose; jumping from one thing to another
detach	v.	cause to become detached or separated; take off
detach	v.	separate (a small unit) from a larger, especially for a special assignment
detach	v.	come to be detached
detachment	n.	avoiding emotional involvement
detachment	n.	the act of releasing from an attachment or connection
detachment	n.	the state of being isolated or detached
detachment	n.	a small unit of troops of special composition
detachment	n.	coming apart
detain	v.	deprive of freedom; take into confinement
detain	v.	stop or halt
detain	v.	cause to be slowed down or delayed
detainee	n.	some held in custody
detainment	n.	a state of being confined (usually for a short time)
detect	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
detectable	adj.	capable of being detected
detectable	adj.	easily seen or detected
detected	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
detected	adj.	perceived or discerned
detected	adj.	perceived with the mind
detection	n.	the perception that something has occurred or some state exists
detection	n.	the act of detecting something; catching sight of something
detection	n.	the detection that a signal is being received
detection	n.	a police investigation to determine the perpetrator
detective	n.	a police officer who investigates crimes
detective	n.	an investigator engaged or employed in obtaining information not easily available to the public
detector	n.	any device that receives a signal or stimulus (as heat or pressure or light or motion etc.) and responds to it in a distinctive manner
detector	n.	rectifier that extracts modulation from a radio carrier wave
detector	n.	electronic equipment that detects the presence of radio signals or radioactivity
detente	n.	the easing of tensions or strained relations (especially between nations)
detention	n.	a state of being confined (usually for a short time)
detention	n.	a punishment in which a student must stay at school after others have gone home
deter	v.	try to prevent; show opposition to
deter	v.	turn away from by persuasion
detergent	n.	a surface-active chemical widely used in industry and laundering
detergent	n.	a cleansing agent that differs from soap but can also emulsify oils and hold dirt in suspension
detergent	adj.	having cleansing power
deteriorate	v.	become worse or disintegrate
deteriorate	v.	grow worse
deterioration	n.	a symptom of reduced quality or strength
deterioration	n.	process of changing to an inferior state
determent	n.	a communication that makes you afraid to try something
determinable	adj.	capable of being determined or limited or fixed
determinant	n.	a determining or causal element or factor
determinant	n.	the site on the surface of an antigen molecule to which an antibody attaches itself
determinant	n.	a square matrix used to solve simultaneous equations
determinant	adj.	having the power or quality of deciding
determinate	adj.	precisely determined or limited or defined; especially fixed by rule or by a specific and constant cause
determinate	adj.	not continuing to grow indefinitely at the apex
determinate	adj.	supplying or being a final or conclusive settlement
determine	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
determine	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
determine	v.	fix conclusively or authoritatively
determine	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
determine	v.	reach, make, or come to a decision about something
determine	v.	fix in scope; fix the boundaries of
determine	v.	settle conclusively; come to terms
determine	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
determined	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
determined	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
determined	v.	fix conclusively or authoritatively
determined	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
determined	v.	reach, make, or come to a decision about something
determined	v.	fix in scope; fix the boundaries of
determined	v.	settle conclusively; come to terms
determined	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
determined	adj.	characterized by great determination
determined	adj.	having been learned or found or determined especially by investigation
determined	adj.	devoting full strength and concentrated attention to
determined	adj.	determined or decided upon as by an authority
determined	adj.	strongly motivated to succeed
determinedly	adv.	with determination; in a determined manner
determinedly	adv.	with ambition; in an ambitious and energetic manner
determiner	n.	an argument that is conclusive
determiner	n.	one of a limited class of noun modifiers that determine the referents of noun phrases
determiner	n.	a determining or causal element or factor
determinism	n.	(philosophy) a philosophical theory holding that all events are inevitable consequences of antecedent sufficient causes; often understood as denying the possibility of free will
deterministic	adj.	an inevitable consequence of antecedent sufficient causes
deterred	v.	try to prevent; show opposition to
deterred	v.	turn away from by persuasion
deterrence	n.	a negative motivational influence
deterrence	n.	a communication that makes you afraid to try something
deterrence	n.	the act or process of discouraging actions or preventing occurrences by instilling fear or doubt or anxiety
deterrent	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
deterrent	adj.	tending to deter
deterring	v.	try to prevent; show opposition to
deterring	v.	turn away from by persuasion
detestably	adv.	in an offensive and hateful manner
detestation	n.	hate coupled with disgust
dethrone	v.	remove a monarch from the throne
dethronement	n.	the act of deposing someone; removing a powerful person from a position or office
detonate	v.	cause to burst with a violent release of energy
detonate	v.	burst and release energy as through a violent chemical or physical reaction
detonation	n.	a violent release of energy caused by a chemical or nuclear reaction
detonation	n.	the act of detonating an explosive
detonator	n.	a mechanical or electrical explosive device or a small amount of explosive; can be used to initiate the reaction of a disrupting explosive
detox	n.	the hospital ward or clinic in which patients are detoxified
detox	v.	treat for alcohol or drug dependence
detoxification	n.	a treatment for addiction to drugs or alcohol intended to remove the physiological effects of the addictive substances
detoxification	n.	treatment for poisoning by neutralizing the toxic properties (normally a function of the liver)
detoxify	v.	remove poison from
detoxify	v.	treat for alcohol or drug dependence
detract	v.	take away a part from; diminish
detriment	n.	a damage or loss
detrimental	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') causing harm or injury
detritus	n.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
detritus	n.	loose material (stone fragments and silt etc) that is worn away from rocks
detroit	n.	the largest city in Michigan and a major Great Lakes port; center of the United States automobile industry; located in southeastern Michigan on the Detroit river across from Windsor
deuce	n.	a tie in tennis or table tennis that requires winning two successive points to win the game
deuce	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one or a numeral representing this number
deuce	n.	a word used in exclamations of confusion
deuce	n.	one of the four playing cards in a deck that have two spots
deuterium	n.	an isotope of hydrogen which has one neutron (as opposed to zero neutrons in hydrogen)
deuteronomy	n.	the fifth book of the Old Testament; contains a second statement of Mosaic law
devanagari	n.	a syllabic script used in writing Sanskrit and Hindi
devastate	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
devastate	v.	overwhelm or overpower
devastating	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
devastating	v.	overwhelm or overpower
devastating	adj.	making light of; ; ; - W.S.Gilbert
devastating	adj.	wreaking or capable of wreaking complete destruction
devastating	adj.	physically or spiritually devastating; often used in combination
devastation	n.	the state of being decayed or destroyed
devastation	n.	the feeling of being confounded or overwhelmed
devastation	n.	an event that results in total destruction
devastation	n.	plundering with excessive damage and destruction
devastation	n.	the termination of something by causing so much damage to it that it cannot be repaired or no longer exists
develop	v.	make something new, such as a product or a mental or artistic creation
develop	v.	work out
develop	v.	gain through experience
develop	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
develop	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
develop	v.	change the use of and make available or usable
develop	v.	elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses
develop	v.	create by training and teaching
develop	v.	be gradually disclosed or unfolded; become manifest
develop	v.	grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through a process of evolution, natural growth, differentiation, or a conducive environment
develop	v.	become technologically advanced
develop	v.	cause to grow and differentiate in ways conforming to its natural development
develop	v.	generate gradually
develop	v.	grow emotionally or mature
develop	v.	make visible by means of chemical solutions
develop	v.	superimpose a three-dimensional surface on a plane without stretching, in geometry
develop	v.	move one's pieces into strategically more advantageous positions
develop	v.	move into a strategically more advantageous position
develop	v.	elaborate by the unfolding of a musical idea and by the working out of the rhythmic and harmonic changes in the theme
develop	v.	happen
develop	v.	expand in the form of a series
developed	v.	make something new, such as a product or a mental or artistic creation
developed	v.	work out
developed	v.	gain through experience
developed	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
developed	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
developed	v.	change the use of and make available or usable
developed	v.	elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses
developed	v.	create by training and teaching
developed	v.	be gradually disclosed or unfolded; become manifest
developed	v.	grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through a process of evolution, natural growth, differentiation, or a conducive environment
developed	v.	become technologically advanced
developed	v.	cause to grow and differentiate in ways conforming to its natural development
developed	v.	generate gradually
developed	v.	grow emotionally or mature
developed	v.	make visible by means of chemical solutions
developed	v.	superimpose a three-dimensional surface on a plane without stretching, in geometry
developed	v.	move one's pieces into strategically more advantageous positions
developed	v.	move into a strategically more advantageous position
developed	v.	elaborate by the unfolding of a musical idea and by the working out of the rhythmic and harmonic changes in the theme
developed	v.	happen
developed	v.	expand in the form of a series
developed	adj.	being changed over time so as to be e.g. stronger or more complete or more useful
developed	adj.	(used of societies) having high industrial development
developed	adj.	(of real estate) made more useful and profitable as by building or laying out roads
developer	n.	someone who develops real estate (especially someone who prepares a site for residential or commercial use)
developer	n.	photographic equipment consisting of a chemical solution for developing film
development	n.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining
development	n.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage)
development	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
development	n.	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation
development	n.	the act of making some area of land or water more profitable or productive or useful
development	n.	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose
development	n.	a state in which things are improving; the result of developing (as in the early part of a game of chess)
development	n.	processing a photosensitive material in order to make an image visible
development	n.	(music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated
developmental	adj.	of or relating to or constituting development
devi	n.	Hindu mother goddess; supreme power in the universe; wife or embodiment of the female energy of Siva having both beneficent and malevolent forms or aspects
deviance	n.	a state or condition markedly different from the norm
deviance	n.	deviate behavior
deviant	n.	a person whose behavior deviates from what is acceptable especially in sexual behavior
deviant	adj.	markedly different from an accepted norm
deviate	n.	a person whose behavior deviates from what is acceptable especially in sexual behavior
deviate	v.	turn aside; turn away from
deviate	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
deviate	v.	cause to turn away from a previous or expected course
deviate	adj.	markedly different from an accepted norm
deviating	v.	turn aside; turn away from
deviating	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
deviating	v.	cause to turn away from a previous or expected course
deviation	n.	a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
deviation	n.	the difference between an observed value and the expected value of a variable or function
deviation	n.	the error of a compass due to local magnetic disturbances
deviation	n.	deviate behavior
deviation	n.	a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)
devil	n.	(Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of God; tempter of mankind; master of Hell
devil	n.	an evil supernatural being
devil	n.	a word used in exclamations of confusion
devil	n.	a rowdy or mischievous person (usually a young man)
devil	n.	a cruel wicked and inhuman person
devil	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
devil	v.	coat or stuff with a spicy paste
devilish	adj.	showing the cunning or ingenuity or wickedness typical of a devil
devilish	adj.	playful in an appealingly bold way
devilish	adv.	in a playfully devilish manner
devilment	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
devilry	n.	wicked and cruel behavior
devilry	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
deviltry	n.	wicked and cruel behavior
deviltry	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
devious	adj.	indirect in departing from the accepted or proper way; misleading
devious	adj.	characterized by insincerity or deceit; evasive
devious	adj.	deviating from a straight course
deviousness	n.	the quality of being oblique and rambling indirectly
deviousness	n.	the quality of being deceitful and underhanded
devoid	adj.	completely wanting or lacking
devolution	n.	the process of declining from a higher to a lower level of effective power or vitality or essential quality
devolution	n.	the delegation of authority (especially from a central to a regional government)
devolve	v.	pass on or delegate to another
devolve	v.	be inherited by
devolve	v.	grow worse
devon	n.	a county in southwestern England
devon	n.	red dual-purpose cattle of English origin
devonian	n.	from 405 million to 345 million years ago; preponderance of fishes and appearance of amphibians and ammonites
devoted	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
devoted	v.	dedicate
devoted	v.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use
devoted	adj.	zealous in devotion or affection
devoted	adj.	(followed by `to') dedicated exclusively to a purpose or use
devotee	n.	an ardent follower and admirer
devotion	n.	feelings of ardent love
devotion	n.	commitment to some purpose
devotion	n.	religious zeal; the willingness to serve God
devotion	n.	(usually plural) religious observance or prayers (usually spoken silently)
devotional	n.	a short religious service
devotional	adj.	relating to worship
devour	v.	destroy completely
devour	v.	enjoy avidly
devour	v.	eat immoderately
devour	v.	eat greedily
devout	adj.	deeply religious;  H.L.Mencken
devout	adj.	earnest
devoutness	n.	piety by virtue of being devout
dew	n.	water that has condensed on a cool surface overnight from water vapor in the air
dewar	n.	vacuum flask that holds liquid air or helium for scientific experiments
dewar	n.	Scottish chemist and physicist noted for his work in cryogenics and his invention of the Dewar flask (1842-1923)
dewberry	n.	any of several trailing blackberry brambles especially of North America
dewberry	n.	blackberry-like fruits of any of several trailing blackberry bushes
dewdrop	n.	a drop of dew
dewey	n.	United States librarian who founded the decimal system of classification (1851-1931)
dewey	n.	a United States naval officer remembered for his victory at Manila Bay in the Spanish-American War
dewey	n.	United States pragmatic philosopher who advocated progressive education (1859-1952)
dewlap	n.	a hanging fold of loose skin on an elderly person's neck
dewy	adj.	wet with dew
dexedrine	n.	an isomer of amphetamine (trade name Dexedrine) used as a central nervous system stimulant
dexter	adj.	on or starting from the wearer's right
dexterity	n.	adroitness in using the hands
dexterous	adj.	skillful in physical movements; especially of the hands
dextrose	n.	an isomer of glucose that is found in honey and sweet fruits
dhaka	n.	the capital and largest city of Bangladesh
dharma	n.	basic principles of the cosmos; also: an ancient sage in Hindu mythology worshipped as a god by some lower castes
dhaulagiri	n.	a mountain in the Himalayas in Nepal (26,820 feet high)
dhoti	n.	a long loincloth worn by Hindu men
dhow	n.	a lateen-rigged sailing vessel used by Arabs
diabetes	n.	a polygenic disease characterized by abnormally high glucose levels in the blood; any of several metabolic disorders marked by excessive urination and persistent thirst
diabetic	n.	someone who has diabetes
diabetic	adj.	of or relating to or causing diabetes
diabetic	adj.	suffering from diabetes
diabolic	adj.	showing the cunning or ingenuity or wickedness typical of a devil
diabolic	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
diabolical	adj.	showing the cunning or ingenuity or wickedness typical of a devil
diabolical	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
diacritic	n.	a mark added to a letter to indicate a special pronunciation
diacritic	adj.	capable of distinguishing; ; - S.F.Nadel
diacritical	adj.	capable of distinguishing; ; - S.F.Nadel
diadem	n.	an ornamental jeweled headdress signifying sovereignty
diaereses	n.	a diacritical mark (two dots) placed over a vowel in German to indicate a change in sound
diaeresis	n.	a diacritical mark (two dots) placed over a vowel in German to indicate a change in sound
diaghilev	n.	Russian ballet impresario who founded the Russian ballet and later introduced it to the West (1872-1929)
diagnose	v.	determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis
diagnose	v.	subject to a medical analysis
diagnosis	n.	identifying the nature or cause of some phenomenon
diagnostic	adj.	concerned with diagnosis; used for furthering diagnosis
diagnostic	adj.	characteristic or indicative of a disease
diagnostician	n.	a doctor who specializes in medical diagnosis
diagnostics	n.	the branch of medical science dealing with the classification of disease
diagonal	n.	(geometry) a straight line connecting any two vertices of a polygon that are not adjacent
diagonal	n.	a line or cut across a fabric that is not at right angles to a side of the fabric
diagonal	n.	an oblique line of squares of the same color on a checkerboard
diagonal	n.	(mathematics) a set of entries in a square matrix running diagonally either from the upper left to lower right entry or running from the upper right to lower left entry
diagonal	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
diagonal	adj.	connecting two nonadjacent corners of a plane figure or any two corners of a solid that are not in the same face
diagonal	adj.	having an oblique or slanted direction
diagram	n.	a drawing intended to explain how something works; a drawing showing the relation between the parts
diagram	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
diagrammatic	adj.	shown or represented by diagrams
diagrammatically	adv.	in a diagrammatic manner
diagrammed	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
diagramming	n.	providing a chart or outline of a system
diagramming	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
dial	n.	the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours
dial	n.	the control on a radio or television set that is used for tuning
dial	n.	the circular graduated indicator on various measuring instruments
dial	n.	a disc on a telephone that is rotated a fixed distance for each number called
dial	v.	operate a dial to select a telephone number
dial	v.	choose by means of a dial
dialect	n.	the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people
dialectal	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of a dialect
dialectic	n.	any formal system of reasoning that arrives at the truth by the exchange of logical arguments
dialectic	n.	a contradiction of ideas that serves as the determining factor in their interaction
dialectic	adj.	of or relating to or employing dialectic
dialectical	adj.	of or relating to or employing dialectic
dialectics	n.	a rationale for dialectical materialism based on change through the conflict of opposing forces
dialectics	n.	any formal system of reasoning that arrives at the truth by the exchange of logical arguments
dialectics	n.	a contradiction of ideas that serves as the determining factor in their interaction
dialing	v.	operate a dial to select a telephone number
dialing	v.	choose by means of a dial
dialog	n.	a conversation between two persons
dialog	n.	the lines spoken by characters in drama or fiction
dialog	n.	a literary composition in the form of a conversation between two people
dialogue	n.	a conversation between two persons
dialogue	n.	the lines spoken by characters in drama or fiction
dialogue	n.	a literary composition in the form of a conversation between two people
dialogue	n.	a discussion intended to produce an agreement
dialyses	n.	separation of substances in solution by means of their unequal diffusion through semipermeable membranes
dialyses	v.	separate by dialysis
dialysis	n.	separation of substances in solution by means of their unequal diffusion through semipermeable membranes
dialyzes	v.	separate by dialysis
diam	n.	the length of a straight line passing through the center of a circle and connecting two points on the circumference
diamagnetic	adj.	relating to or exhibiting diamagnetism; slightly repelled by a magnet
diamagnetism	n.	phenomenon exhibited by materials like copper or bismuth that become magnetized in a magnetic field with a polarity opposite to the magnetic force; unlike iron they are slightly repelled by a magnet
diamante	n.	adornment consisting of a small piece of shiny material used to decorate clothing
diamante	n.	fabric covered with glittering ornaments such as sequins or rhinestones
diameter	n.	the length of a straight line passing through the center of a circle and connecting two points on the circumference
diameter	n.	a straight line connecting the center of a circle with two points on its perimeter (or the center of a sphere with two points on its surface)
diametric	adj.	related to or along a diameter
diametric	adj.	characterized by opposite extremes; completely opposed
diametrical	adj.	related to or along a diameter
diametrical	adj.	characterized by opposite extremes; completely opposed
diamond	n.	a transparent piece of diamond that has been cut and polished and is valued as a precious gem
diamond	n.	very hard native crystalline carbon valued as a gem
diamond	n.	a parallelogram with four equal sides; an oblique-angled equilateral parallelogram
diamond	n.	a playing card in the minor suit that has one or more red rhombuses on it
diamond	n.	the area of a baseball field that is enclosed by 3 bases and home plate
diamond	n.	the baseball playing field
diamondback	n.	large deadly rattlesnake with diamond-shaped markings
diana	n.	English aristocrat who was the first wife of Prince Charles; her death in an automobile accident in Paris produced intense national mourning (1961-1997)
diana	n.	(Roman mythology) virgin goddess of the hunt and the Moon; counterpart of Greek Artemis
diapason	n.	either of the two main stops on a pipe organ
diaper	n.	garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened at the waist; worn by infants to catch excrement
diaper	n.	a fabric (usually cotton or linen) with a distinctive woven pattern of small repeated figures
diaphanous	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
diaphragm	n.	a mechanical device in a camera that controls size of aperture of the lens
diaphragm	n.	(anatomy) a muscular partition separating the abdominal and thoracic cavities; functions in respiration
diaphragm	n.	a contraceptive device consisting of a flexible dome-shaped cup made of rubber or plastic; it is filled with spermicide and fitted over the uterine cervix
diaphragm	n.	electro-acoustic transducer that vibrates to receive or produce sound waves
diarist	n.	someone who keeps a diary or journal
diarrhea	n.	frequent and watery bowel movements; can be a symptom of infection or food poisoning or colitis or a gastrointestinal tumor
diary	n.	a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations
diary	n.	a personal journal (as a physical object)
dias	n.	Portuguese explorer who in 1488 was the first European to get round the Cape of Good Hope (thus establishing a sea route from the Atlantic to Asia) (1450-1500)
dias	n.	an intelligence agency of the United States in the Department of Defense; is responsible for providing intelligence in support of military planning and operations and weapons acquisition
diaspora	n.	the body of Jews (or Jewish communities) outside Palestine or modern Israel
diaspora	n.	the dispersion of the Jews outside Israel; from the destruction of the temple in Jerusalem in 587-86 BC when they were exiled to Babylonia up to the present time
diaspora	n.	the dispersion or spreading of something that was originally localized (as a people or language or culture)
diastole	n.	the widening of the chambers of the heart between two contractions when the chambers fill with blood
diastolic	adj.	of or relating to a diastole or happening during a diastole
diathermy	n.	a method of physical therapy that involves generating local heat in body tissues by high-frequency electromagnetic currents
diatom	n.	microscopic unicellular marine or freshwater colonial alga having cell walls impregnated with silica
diatomic	adj.	of or relating to a molecule made up of two atoms
diatonic	adj.	based on the standard major or minor scales consisting of 5 tones and 2 semitones without modulation by accidentals
diatonic	adj.	based on or using the five tones and two semitones of the major or minor scales of western music
diatribe	n.	thunderous verbal attack
diazepam	n.	a tranquilizer (trade name Valium) used to relieve anxiety and relax muscles; acts by enhancing the inhibitory actions of the neurotransmitter GABA; can also be used as an anticonvulsant drug in cases of nerve agent poisoning
dibble	n.	a wooden hand tool with a pointed end; used to make holes in the ground for planting seeds or bulbs
dibble	v.	plant with a wooden hand tool
dibble	v.	make a hole with a wooden hand tool
dibs	n.	a claim of rights
dice	n.	a small cube with 1 to 6 spots on the six faces; used in gambling to generate random numbers
dice	v.	cut into cubes
dice	v.	play dice
dices	n.	a small cube with 1 to 6 spots on the six faces; used in gambling to generate random numbers
dices	v.	cut into cubes
dices	v.	play dice
dicey	adj.	of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; - New Yorker
dichotomous	adj.	divided or dividing into two sharply distinguished parts or classifications
dichotomy	n.	being twofold; a classification into two opposed parts or subclasses
dicier	adj.	of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; - New Yorker
diciest	adj.	of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; - New Yorker
dick	n.	someone who is a detective
dick	n.	obscene terms for penis
dickens	n.	a word used in exclamations of confusion
dickens	n.	English writer whose novels depicted and criticized social injustice (1812-1870)
dickensian	adj.	of or like the novels of Charles Dickens (especially with regard to poor social and economic conditions)
dicker	v.	negotiate the terms of an exchange
dickey	n.	a small third seat in the back of an old-fashioned two-seater
dickey	n.	a man's detachable insert (usually starched) to simulate the front of a shirt
dickey	adj.	(British informal) faulty; - John le Carre
dickhead	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
dickinson	n.	United States poet noted for her mystical and unrhymed poems (1830-1886)
dickybird	n.	small bird; adults talking to children sometimes use these words to refer to small birds
dicotyledon	n.	flowering plant with two cotyledons; the stem grows by deposit on its outside
dicotyledonous	adj.	(of a flowering plant) having two cotyledons in the seed
dicta	n.	an authoritative declaration
dicta	n.	an opinion voiced by a judge on a point of law not directly bearing on the case in question and therefore not binding
dictaphone	n.	a tape recorder that records and reproduces dictation
dictate	n.	an authoritative rule
dictate	n.	a guiding principle
dictate	v.	issue commands or orders for
dictate	v.	say out loud for the purpose of recording
dictate	v.	rule as a dictator
dictation	n.	an authoritative direction or instruction to do something
dictation	n.	speech intended for reproduction in writing
dictation	n.	matter that has been dictated and transcribed; a dictated passage
dictator	n.	a speaker who dictates to a secretary or a recording machine
dictator	n.	a ruler who is unconstrained by law
dictator	n.	a person who behaves in a tyrannical manner
dictatorial	adj.	of or characteristic of a dictator
dictatorial	adj.	expecting unquestioning obedience
dictatorial	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
dictatorship	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
diction	n.	the articulation of speech regarded from the point of view of its intelligibility to the audience
diction	n.	the manner in which something is expressed in words; - G.S.Patton
dictionary	n.	a reference book containing an alphabetical list of words with information about them
dictum	n.	an authoritative declaration
dictum	n.	an opinion voiced by a judge on a point of law not directly bearing on the case in question and therefore not binding
did	v.	engage in
did	v.	carry out or perform an action
did	v.	get (something) done
did	v.	proceed or get along
did	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
did	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
did	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
did	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
did	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
did	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
did	v.	carry on or function
did	v.	arrange attractively
did	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
didactic	adj.	instructive (especially excessively)
didactically	adv.	in a didactic manner
diddle	v.	deprive of by deceit
diddle	v.	manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination
diddly	n.	a small worthless amount
diddlysquat	n.	a small worthless amount
diderot	n.	French philosopher who was a leading figure of the Enlightenment in France; principal editor of an encyclopedia that disseminated the scientific and philosophical knowledge of the time (1713-1784)
dido	n.	(Roman mythology) a princess of Tyre who was the founder and queen of Carthage; Virgil tells of her suicide when she was abandoned by Aeneas
didoes	n.	(Roman mythology) a princess of Tyre who was the founder and queen of Carthage; Virgil tells of her suicide when she was abandoned by Aeneas
didrikson	n.	outstanding United States athlete (1914-1956)
die	n.	a small cube with 1 to 6 spots on the six faces; used in gambling to generate random numbers
die	n.	a device used for shaping metal
die	n.	a cutting tool that is fitted into a diestock and used for cutting male (external) screw threads on screws or bolts or pipes or rods
die	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
die	v.	suffer or face the pain of death
die	v.	be brought to or as if to the point of death by an intense emotion such as embarrassment, amusement, or shame
die	v.	stop operating or functioning
die	v.	feel indifferent towards
die	v.	languish as with love or desire
die	v.	cut or shape with a die
die	v.	to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player
die	v.	lose sparkle or bouquet
die	v.	disappear or come to an end
die	v.	suffer spiritual death; be damned (in the religious sense)
dielectric	n.	a material such as glass or porcelain with negligible electrical or thermal conductivity
diereses	n.	a diacritical mark (two dots) placed over a vowel in German to indicate a change in sound
dieresis	n.	a diacritical mark (two dots) placed over a vowel in German to indicate a change in sound
diesel	n.	German engineer (born in France) who invented the diesel engine (1858-1913)
diesel	n.	an internal-combustion engine that burns heavy oil
diet	n.	a prescribed selection of foods
diet	n.	a legislative assembly in certain countries (e.g., Japan)
diet	n.	the usual food and drink consumed by an organism (person or animal)
diet	n.	the act of restricting your food intake (or your intake of particular foods)
diet	v.	follow a regimen or a diet, as for health reasons
diet	v.	eat sparingly, for health reasons or to lose weight
dietary	n.	a regulated daily food allowance
dietary	adj.	of or relating to the diet
dieter	n.	a person who diets
dietetic	adj.	of or relating to the diet
dietetics	n.	the scientific study of food preparation and intake
dietitian	n.	a specialist in the study of nutrition
dietrich	n.	United States film actress (born in Germany) who made many films with Josef von Sternberg and later was a successful cabaret star (1901-1992)
differ	v.	be different
differ	v.	be of different opinions
difference	n.	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar
difference	n.	a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
difference	n.	a disagreement or argument about something important
difference	n.	a significant change
difference	n.	the number that remains after subtraction; the number that when added to the subtrahend gives the minuend
differences	n.	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar
differences	n.	a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
differences	n.	a disagreement or argument about something important
differences	n.	a significant change
differences	n.	the number that remains after subtraction; the number that when added to the subtrahend gives the minuend
different	adj.	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree
different	adj.	distinctly separate from the first
different	adj.	differing from all others; not ordinary
different	adj.	marked by dissimilarity
different	adj.	distinct or separate
differentiable	adj.	possessing a differential coefficient or derivative
differentiable	adj.	capable of being perceived as different
differential	n.	the result of mathematical differentiation; the instantaneous change of one quantity relative to another; df(x)/dx
differential	n.	a quality that differentiates between similar things
differential	n.	a bevel gear that permits rotation of two shafts at different speeds; used on the rear axle of automobiles to allow wheels to rotate at different speeds on curves
differential	adj.	relating to or showing a difference
differential	adj.	involving or containing one or more derivatives
differentiate	v.	mark as different
differentiate	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
differentiate	v.	calculate a derivative; take the derivative
differentiate	v.	become different during development
differentiate	v.	evolve so as to lead to a new species or develop in a way most suited to the environment
differentiate	v.	become distinct and acquire a different character
differentiated	v.	mark as different
differentiated	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
differentiated	v.	calculate a derivative; take the derivative
differentiated	v.	become different during development
differentiated	v.	evolve so as to lead to a new species or develop in a way most suited to the environment
differentiated	v.	become distinct and acquire a different character
differentiated	adj.	made different (especially in the course of development) or shown to be different
differentiated	adj.	exhibiting biological specialization; adapted during development to a specific function or environment
differentiation	n.	a discrimination between things as different and distinct
differentiation	n.	the mathematical process of obtaining the derivative of a function
differentiation	n.	(biology) the structural adaptation of some body part for a particular function
difficult	adj.	not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure
difficult	adj.	hard to control; ,
difficulty	n.	an effort that is inconvenient
difficulty	n.	a factor causing trouble in achieving a positive result or tending to produce a negative result
difficulty	n.	a condition or state of affairs almost beyond one's ability to deal with and requiring great effort to bear or overcome
difficulty	n.	the quality of being difficult
diffidence	n.	lack of self-confidence
diffident	adj.	showing modest reserve
diffident	adj.	lacking self-confidence
diffract	v.	undergo diffraction
diffraction	n.	when light passes sharp edges or goes through narrow slits the rays are deflected and produce fringes of light and dark bands
diffuse	v.	move outward
diffuse	v.	spread or diffuse through
diffuse	v.	cause to become widely known
diffuse	adj.	spread out; not concentrated in one place
diffuse	adj.	(of light) transmitted from a broad light source or reflected
diffuse	adj.	lacking conciseness
diffuseness	n.	the spatial property of being spread out over a wide area or through a large volume
diffusion	n.	(physics) the process in which there is movement of a substance from an area of high concentration of that substance to an area of lower concentration
diffusion	n.	the spread of social institutions (and myths and skills) from one society to another
diffusion	n.	the property of being diffused or dispersed
diffusion	n.	the act of dispersing or diffusing something
dig	n.	the site of an archeological exploration
dig	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
dig	n.	a small gouge (as in the cover of a book)
dig	n.	the act of digging
dig	n.	the act of touching someone suddenly with your finger or elbow
dig	v.	turn up, loosen, or remove earth
dig	v.	create by digging
dig	v.	work hard
dig	v.	remove, harvest, or recover by digging
dig	v.	thrust down or into
dig	v.	remove the inner part or the core of
dig	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
dig	v.	get the meaning of something
digest	n.	a periodical that summarizes the news
digest	n.	something that is compiled (as into a single book or file)
digest	v.	convert food into absorbable substances
digest	v.	arrange and integrate in the mind
digest	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
digest	v.	become assimilated into the body
digest	v.	systematize, as by classifying and summarizing
digest	v.	soften or disintegrate, as by undergoing exposure to heat or moisture
digest	v.	make more concise
digest	v.	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture
digested	v.	convert food into absorbable substances
digested	v.	arrange and integrate in the mind
digested	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
digested	v.	become assimilated into the body
digested	v.	systematize, as by classifying and summarizing
digested	v.	soften or disintegrate, as by undergoing exposure to heat or moisture
digested	v.	make more concise
digested	v.	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture
digestibility	n.	the property of being easy to digest
digestible	adj.	capable of being converted into assimilable condition in the alimentary canal
digestion	n.	the process of decomposing organic matter (as in sewage) by bacteria or by chemical action or heat
digestion	n.	the organic process by which food is converted into substances that can be absorbed into the body
digestion	n.	learning and coming to understand ideas and information
digestions	n.	the process of decomposing organic matter (as in sewage) by bacteria or by chemical action or heat
digestions	n.	the organic process by which food is converted into substances that can be absorbed into the body
digestions	n.	learning and coming to understand ideas and information
digestive	n.	any substance that promotes digestion
digestive	adj.	relating to or having the power to cause or promote digestion
digger	n.	a laborer who digs
digger	n.	a machine for excavating
digging	n.	the act of digging
digging	v.	turn up, loosen, or remove earth
digging	v.	create by digging
digging	v.	work hard
digging	v.	remove, harvest, or recover by digging
digging	v.	thrust down or into
digging	v.	remove the inner part or the core of
digging	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
digging	v.	get the meaning of something
diggings	n.	an excavation for ore or precious stones or for archaeology
diggings	n.	temporary living quarters
diggings	n.	the act of digging
digit	n.	one of the elements that collectively form a system of numeration
digit	n.	the length of breadth of a finger used as a linear measure
digit	n.	a finger or toe in human beings or corresponding body part in other vertebrates
digital	adj.	displaying numbers rather than scale positions
digital	adj.	relating to or performed with the fingers
digital	adj.	of a circuit or device that represents magnitudes in digits
digitalis	n.	a powerful cardiac stimulant obtained from foxglove
digitalis	n.	any of several plants of the genus Digitalis
digitization	n.	conversion of analog information into digital information
digitize	v.	put into digital form, as for use in a computer
dignified	v.	confer dignity or honor upon
dignified	v.	raise the status of
dignified	adj.	having or expressing dignity; especially formality or stateliness in bearing or appearance
dignified	adj.	having or showing self-esteem
dignify	v.	confer dignity or honor upon
dignify	v.	raise the status of
dignitary	n.	an important or influential (and often overbearing) person
dignity	n.	the quality of being worthy of esteem or respect
dignity	n.	formality in bearing and appearance
dignity	n.	high office or rank or station
digraph	n.	two successive letters (especially two letters used to represent a single sound: `sh' in `shoe')
digraphs	n.	two successive letters (especially two letters used to represent a single sound: `sh' in `shoe')
digress	v.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking
digress	v.	wander from a direct or straight course
digression	n.	a message that departs from the main subject
digression	n.	a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)
digression	n.	wandering from the main path of a journey
dijon	n.	an industrial city in eastern France to the north of Lyons
dike	n.	(slang) offensive term for a lesbian who is noticeably masculine
dike	n.	a barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
dike	v.	enclose with a dike
dilapidated	v.	bring into a condition of decay or partial ruin by neglect or misuse
dilapidated	v.	fall into decay or ruin
dilapidated	adj.	in deplorable condition
dilapidation	n.	a state of deterioration due to old age or long use
dilapidation	n.	the process of becoming dilapidated
dilatation	n.	the state of being stretched beyond normal dimensions
dilatation	n.	the act of expanding an aperture
dilate	v.	become wider
dilate	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
dilation	n.	a lengthy discussion (spoken or written) on a particular topic
dilation	n.	the act of expanding an aperture
dilator	n.	a muscle or nerve that dilates or widens a body part
dilator	n.	a drug that causes dilation
dilator	n.	a surgical instrument that is used to dilate or distend an opening or an organ
dilatory	adj.	wasting time
dildo	n.	a vibrating device that substitutes for an erect penis to provide vaginal stimulation
dilemma	n.	state of uncertainty or perplexity especially as requiring a choice between equally unfavorable options
dilettante	n.	an amateur who engages in an activity without serious intentions and who pretends to have knowledge
dilettante	adj.	showing frivolous or superficial interest; amateurish
dilettantish	adj.	showing frivolous or superficial interest; amateurish
diligence	n.	conscientiousness in paying proper attention to a task; giving the degree of care required in a given situation
diligence	n.	persevering determination to perform a task
diligence	n.	a diligent effort
diligent	adj.	quietly and steadily persevering especially in detail or exactness
diligent	adj.	characterized by care and perseverance in carrying out tasks
dill	n.	aromatic Old World herb having aromatic threadlike foliage and seeds used as seasoning
dill	n.	aromatic threadlike foliage of the dill plant used as seasoning
dillydally	v.	postpone doing what one should be doing
diluent	n.	a diluting agent
dilute	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
dilute	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
dilute	adj.	reduced in strength or concentration or quality or purity
diluted	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
diluted	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
diluted	adj.	reduced in strength or concentration or quality or purity
dilution	n.	a diluted solution
dilution	n.	weakening (reducing the concentration) by the addition of water or a thinner
dim	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dim	v.	become dim or lusterless
dim	v.	make dim or lusterless
dim	v.	make dim by comparison or conceal
dim	v.	become vague or indistinct
dim	adj.	lacking in light; not bright or harsh
dim	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
dim	adj.	made dim or less bright
dim	adj.	offering little or no hope; ; ; - J.M.Synge
dim	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
dimaggio	n.	United States professional baseball player noted for his batting ability (1914-1999)
dime	n.	a United States coin worth one tenth of a dollar
dime	n.	street name for a packet of illegal drugs that is sold for ten dollars
dimension	n.	the magnitude of something in a particular direction (especially length or width or height)
dimension	n.	a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished
dimension	n.	one of three Cartesian coordinates that determine a position in space
dimension	n.	magnitude or extent
dimension	v.	indicate the dimensions on
dimension	v.	shape or form to required dimensions
dimensional	adj.	of or relating to dimensions
dimensional	adj.	having dimension--the quality or character or stature proper to a person; - Norman Cousins
diminish	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
diminish	v.	lessen the authority, dignity, or reputation of
diminished	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
diminished	v.	lessen the authority, dignity, or reputation of
diminished	adj.	impaired by diminution
diminished	adj.	(of an organ or body part) diminished in size or strength as a result of disease or injury or lack of use
diminished	adj.	(of musical intervals) reduction by a semitone of any perfect or minor musical interval
diminished	adj.	made to seem smaller or less (especially in worth)
diminuendo	n.	(music) a gradual decrease in loudness
diminuendo	adj.	gradually decreasing in volume
diminution	n.	change toward something smaller or lower
diminution	n.	the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original)
diminution	n.	the act of decreasing or reducing something
diminutive	n.	a word that is formed with a suffix (such as -let or -kin) to indicate smallness
diminutive	adj.	very small
dimity	n.	a strong cotton fabric with a raised pattern; used for bedcovers and curtains
dimmed	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dimmed	v.	become dim or lusterless
dimmed	v.	make dim or lusterless
dimmed	v.	make dim by comparison or conceal
dimmed	v.	become vague or indistinct
dimmed	adj.	made dim or less bright
dimmer	n.	a rheostat that varies the current through an electric light in order to control the level of illumination
dimmer	adj.	lacking in light; not bright or harsh
dimmer	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
dimmer	adj.	made dim or less bright
dimmer	adj.	offering little or no hope; ; ; - J.M.Synge
dimmer	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
dimmest	adj.	lacking in light; not bright or harsh
dimmest	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
dimmest	adj.	made dim or less bright
dimmest	adj.	offering little or no hope; ; ; - J.M.Synge
dimmest	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
dimming	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dimming	v.	become dim or lusterless
dimming	v.	make dim or lusterless
dimming	v.	make dim by comparison or conceal
dimming	v.	become vague or indistinct
dimness	n.	the state of being poorly illuminated
dimness	n.	the property of lights or sounds that lack brilliance or are reduced in intensity
dimness	n.	the quality of being dim or lacking contrast
dimple	n.	a chad that has been punched or dimpled but all four corners are still attached
dimple	n.	any slight depression in a surface
dimple	n.	a small natural hollow in the cheek or chin
dimple	v.	mark with, or as if with, dimples
dimple	v.	produce dimples while smiling
dimwit	n.	a stupid incompetent person
din	n.	a loud harsh or strident noise
din	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
din	v.	make a resonant sound, like artillery
din	v.	instill (into a person) by constant repetition
dinar	n.	100 dinars equal 1 rial in Iran
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Yugoslavia
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Tunisia
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Libya
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Kuwait; equal 1,000 fils
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Jordan; equal to 1,000 fils
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Iraq; equal to 1,000 fils
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Bahrain; equal to 1,000 fils
dinar	n.	the basic unit of money in Algeria
dine	v.	have supper; eat dinner
dine	v.	give dinner to; host for dinner
diner	n.	a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant)
diner	n.	a passenger car where food is served in transit
diner	n.	a restaurant that resembles a dining car
dinette	n.	a small area off of a kitchen that is used for dining
ding	n.	a ringing sound
ding	n.	an impression in a surface (as made by a blow)
ding	v.	go `ding dong', like a bell
dingbat	n.	a silly empty-headed person
dinghy	n.	a small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled
dingily	adv.	in a dingy manner
dinginess	n.	discoloration due to dirtiness
dingle	n.	a small wooded hollow
dingo	n.	wolflike yellowish-brown wild dog of Australia
dingoes	n.	wolflike yellowish-brown wild dog of Australia
dingy	adj.	thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot
dingy	adj.	(of color) discolored by impurities; not bright and clear;  is often used in combination
dingy	adj.	causing dejection
dink	n.	a couple who both have careers and no children (an acronym for dual income no kids)
dink	n.	a soft return so that the tennis ball drops abruptly after crossing the net
dinky	n.	a small locomotive
dinky	adj.	small and insignificant
dinky	adj.	(British informal) pretty and neat
dinned	v.	make a resonant sound, like artillery
dinned	v.	instill (into a person) by constant repetition
dinner	n.	the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
dinner	n.	a party of people assembled to have dinner together
dinnertime	n.	the customary or habitual hour for the evening meal
dinnerware	n.	the tableware (plates and platters and serving bowls etc.) used in serving a meal
dinning	v.	make a resonant sound, like artillery
dinning	v.	instill (into a person) by constant repetition
dinosaur	n.	any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era
dint	n.	interchangeable with `means' in the expression `by means of'
diocesan	n.	a bishop having jurisdiction over a diocese
diocesan	adj.	belonging to or governing a diocese
diocese	n.	the territorial jurisdiction of a bishop
diocletian	n.	Roman Emperor who when faced with military problems decided in 286 to divide the Roman Empire between himself in the east and Maximian in the west; he initiated the last persecution of the Christians in 303 (245-313)
diode	n.	a thermionic tube having two electrodes; used as a rectifier
diode	n.	a semiconductor that consists of a p-n junction
diogenes	n.	an ancient Greek philosopher and Cynic who rejected social conventions (circa 400-325 BC)
dionysian	adj.	of or relating to or worshipping Dionysus
dionysus	n.	(Greek mythology) god of wine and fertility and drama; the Greek name of Bacchus
dior	n.	French couturier whose first collection in 1947 created a style that became known as the New Look (1905-1957)
diorama	n.	a picture (or series of pictures) representing a continuous scene
dioxide	n.	an oxide containing two atoms of oxygen in the molecule
dioxin	n.	any of several toxic or carcinogenic hydrocarbons that occur as impurities in herbicides
dip	n.	a depression in an otherwise level surface
dip	n.	(physics) the angle that a magnetic needle makes with the plane of the horizon
dip	n.	a thief who steals from the pockets or purses of others in public places
dip	n.	tasty mixture or liquid into which bite-sized foods are dipped
dip	n.	a brief immersion
dip	n.	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
dip	n.	a candle that is made by repeated dipping in a pool of wax or tallow
dip	n.	a brief swim in water
dip	n.	a gymnastic exercise on the parallel bars in which the body is lowered and raised by bending and straightening the arms
dip	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
dip	v.	dip into a liquid while eating
dip	v.	go down momentarily
dip	v.	stain an object by immersing it in a liquid
dip	v.	take a small amount from
dip	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dip	v.	lower briefly
dip	v.	appear to move downward
dip	v.	slope downwards
dip	v.	dip into a liquid
dip	v.	place (candle wicks) into hot, liquid wax
dip	v.	immerse in a disinfectant solution
dip	v.	plunge (one's hand or a receptacle) into a container
dip	v.	scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface
diphtheria	n.	acute contagious infection caused by the bacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae; marked by the formation of a false membrane in the throat and other air passages causing difficulty in breathing
diphthong	n.	a vowel sound that starts near the articulatory position for one vowel and moves toward the position for another
diploid	n.	(genetics) an organism or cell having the normal amount of DNA per cell; i.e., two sets of chromosomes or twice the haploid number
diploid	adj.	of a cell or organism having two sets of chromosomes or twice the haploid number
diploma	n.	a document certifying the successful completion of a course of study
diplomacy	n.	negotiation between nations
diplomacy	n.	subtly skillful handling of a situation
diplomacy	n.	wisdom in the management of public affairs
diplomat	n.	an official engaged in international negotiations
diplomat	n.	a person who deals tactfully with others
diplomatic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of diplomacy
diplomatic	adj.	using or marked by tact in dealing with sensitive matters or people
diplomatically	adv.	with diplomacy; in a diplomatic manner
diplomatist	n.	an official engaged in international negotiations
diplopia	n.	visual impairment in which an object is seen as two objects
dipole	n.	a pair of equal and opposite electric charges or magnetic poles separated by a small distance
dipole	n.	an aerial half a wavelength long consisting of two rods connected to a transmission line at the center
dipped	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
dipped	v.	dip into a liquid while eating
dipped	v.	go down momentarily
dipped	v.	stain an object by immersing it in a liquid
dipped	v.	take a small amount from
dipped	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dipped	v.	lower briefly
dipped	v.	appear to move downward
dipped	v.	slope downwards
dipped	v.	dip into a liquid
dipped	v.	place (candle wicks) into hot, liquid wax
dipped	v.	immerse in a disinfectant solution
dipped	v.	plunge (one's hand or a receptacle) into a container
dipped	v.	scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface
dipped	adj.	having abnormal sagging of the spine (especially in horses)
dipper	n.	a ladle that has a cup with a long handle
dipper	n.	a cluster of seven stars in Ursa Minor; at the end of the dipper's handle is Polaris
dipper	n.	a group of seven bright stars in the constellation Ursa Major
dipper	n.	small North American diving duck; males have bushy head plumage
dipper	n.	small stocky diving bird without webbed feet; frequents fast-flowing streams and feeds along the bottom
dipping	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
dipping	v.	dip into a liquid while eating
dipping	v.	go down momentarily
dipping	v.	stain an object by immersing it in a liquid
dipping	v.	take a small amount from
dipping	v.	switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam
dipping	v.	lower briefly
dipping	v.	appear to move downward
dipping	v.	slope downwards
dipping	v.	dip into a liquid
dipping	v.	place (candle wicks) into hot, liquid wax
dipping	v.	immerse in a disinfectant solution
dipping	v.	plunge (one's hand or a receptacle) into a container
dipping	v.	scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface
dipsomania	n.	an intense persistent desire to drink alcoholic beverages to excess
dipsomaniac	n.	a person who drinks alcohol to excess habitually
dipstick	n.	a graduated rod dipped into a container to indicate the fluid level
dipterous	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to the Diptera
diptych	n.	a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on two panels (usually hinged like a book)
diptychs	n.	a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on two panels (usually hinged like a book)
dirac	n.	English theoretical physicist who applied relativity theory to quantum mechanics and predicted the existence of antimatter and the positron (1902-1984)
dire	adj.	fraught with extreme danger; nearly hopeless; ; - G.C.Marshall
dire	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
direct	v.	command with authority
direct	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
direct	v.	guide the actors in (plays and films)
direct	v.	be in charge of
direct	v.	take somebody somewhere
direct	v.	cause to go somewhere
direct	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
direct	v.	lead, as in the performance of a composition
direct	v.	give directions to; point somebody into a certain direction
direct	v.	specifically design a product, event, or activity for a certain public
direct	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
direct	v.	put an address on (an envelope)
direct	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
direct	adj.	direct in spatial dimensions; proceeding without deviation or interruption; straight and short
direct	adj.	having no intervening persons, agents, conditions
direct	adj.	straightforward in means or manner or behavior or language or action
direct	adj.	in a straight unbroken line of descent from parent to child
direct	adj.	moving from west to east on the celestial sphere; or--for planets--around the sun in the same direction as the Earth
direct	adj.	similar in nature or effect or relation to another quantity
direct	adj.	(of a current) flowing in one direction only
direct	adj.	being an immediate result or consequence
direct	adj.	in precisely the same words used by a writer or speaker
direct	adj.	lacking compromising or mitigating elements; exact
direct	adv.	without deviation
directer	adj.	direct in spatial dimensions; proceeding without deviation or interruption; straight and short
directer	adj.	having no intervening persons, agents, conditions
directer	adj.	straightforward in means or manner or behavior or language or action
directer	adj.	in a straight unbroken line of descent from parent to child
directer	adj.	moving from west to east on the celestial sphere; or--for planets--around the sun in the same direction as the Earth
directer	adj.	similar in nature or effect or relation to another quantity
directer	adj.	(of a current) flowing in one direction only
directer	adj.	being an immediate result or consequence
directer	adj.	in precisely the same words used by a writer or speaker
directer	adj.	lacking compromising or mitigating elements; exact
direction	n.	a line leading to a place or point
direction	n.	the spatial relation between something and the course along which it points or moves
direction	n.	a general course along which something has a tendency to develop
direction	n.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action
direction	n.	the act of managing something
direction	n.	a message describing how something is to be done
direction	n.	the act of setting and holding a course
direction	n.	a formal statement of a command or injunction to do something
direction	n.	the concentration of attention or energy on something
directional	adj.	relating to or indicating directions in space
directional	adj.	relating to direction toward a (nonspatial) goal
directional	adj.	showing the way by conducting or leading; imposing direction on
directionless	adj.	aimlessly drifting
directions	n.	a line leading to a place or point
directions	n.	the spatial relation between something and the course along which it points or moves
directions	n.	a general course along which something has a tendency to develop
directions	n.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action
directions	n.	the act of managing something
directions	n.	a message describing how something is to be done
directions	n.	the act of setting and holding a course
directions	n.	a formal statement of a command or injunction to do something
directions	n.	the concentration of attention or energy on something
directive	n.	a pronouncement encouraging or banning some activity
directive	adj.	showing the way by conducting or leading; imposing direction on
directly	adv.	without deviation
directly	adv.	without anyone or anything intervening
directly	adv.	without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening
directly	adv.	in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly
directness	n.	trueness of course toward a goal
directness	n.	the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
director	n.	someone who controls resources and expenditures
director	n.	member of a board of directors
director	n.	someone who supervises the actors and directs the action in the production of a show
director	n.	the person who directs the making of a film
director	n.	the person who leads a musical group
directorate	n.	a group of persons chosen to govern the affairs of a corporation or other large institution
directorship	n.	the position of a director of a business concern
directory	n.	an alphabetical list of names and addresses
directory	n.	(computer science) a listing of the files stored in memory (usually on a hard disk)
direful	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
dirge	n.	a song or hymn of mourning composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person
dirigible	n.	a steerable self-propelled aircraft
dirigible	adj.	capable of being steered or directed
dirk	n.	a relatively long dagger with a straight blade
dirndl	n.	a full skirt with a gathered waistband
dirndl	n.	a dress with a tight bodice and full skirt
dirt	n.	the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock
dirt	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
dirt	n.	obscene terms for feces
dirt	n.	disgraceful gossip about the private lives of other people
dirt	adj.	(of roads) not leveled or drained; unsuitable for all year travel
dirtily	adv.	in a sordid manner
dirtily	adv.	in a filthy unclean manner
dirtiness	n.	the state of being unsanitary
dirtiness	n.	the state of containing dirty impurities
dirtiness	n.	obscenity in speech or writing
dirty	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
dirty	adj.	soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime
dirty	adj.	(of behavior or especially language) characterized by obscenity or indecency
dirty	adj.	vile; despicable
dirty	adj.	spreading pollution or contamination; especially radioactive contamination
dirty	adj.	contaminated with infecting organisms; ; - Jane Austen
dirty	adj.	(of color) discolored by impurities; not bright and clear;  is often used in combination
dirty	adj.	(of a manuscript) defaced with changes
dirty	adj.	obtained illegally or by improper means
dirty	adj.	expressing or revealing hostility or dislike
dirty	adj.	violating accepted standards or rules
dirty	adj.	unethical or dishonest
dirty	adj.	unpleasantly stormy
dis	n.	god of the underworld; counterpart of Greek Pluto
disable	v.	make unable to perform a certain action
disable	v.	injure permanently
disablement	n.	the condition of being unable to perform as a consequence of physical or mental unfitness
disambiguate	v.	state unambiguously or remove ambiguities from
disappointing	v.	fail to meet the hopes or expectations of
disappointing	adj.	not up to expectations
disarming	n.	act of reducing or depriving of arms
disarming	v.	remove offensive capability from
disarming	v.	make less hostile; win over
disarming	v.	take away the weapons from; render harmless
disarming	adj.	capable of allaying hostility
disassembly	n.	the act of taking something apart (as a piece of machinery)
disastrous	adj.	(of events) having extremely unfortunate or dire consequences; bringing ruin; ; ; ; - Charles Darwin; - Douglas MacArthur
disbandment	n.	the act of disbanding
disbarment	n.	the act of expelling a lawyer from the practice of law
disbelieving	v.	reject as false; refuse to accept
disbelieving	adj.	denying or questioning the tenets of especially a religion
disbursal	n.	amounts paid for goods and services that may be currently tax deductible (as opposed to capital expenditures)
disbursal	n.	the act of spending or disbursing money
disburse	v.	expend, as from a fund
disbursement	n.	amounts paid for goods and services that may be currently tax deductible (as opposed to capital expenditures)
disbursement	n.	the act of spending or disbursing money
disc	n.	sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove
disc	n.	something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate
disc	n.	(computer science) a memory device consisting of a flat disk covered with a magnetic coating on which information is stored
disc	n.	a flat circular plate
discern	v.	detect with the senses
discernible	adj.	perceptible by the senses or intellect
discernible	adj.	capable of being perceived clearly
discernible	adj.	capable of being seen or noticed
discerning	v.	detect with the senses
discerning	adj.	having or revealing keen insight and good judgment
discerning	adj.	unobtrusively perceptive and sympathetic
discerning	adj.	quick to understand; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
discerning	adj.	able to make or detect effects of great subtlety; sensitive
discernment	n.	the cognitive condition of someone who understands
discernment	n.	delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values)
discernment	n.	perception of that which is obscure
discernment	n.	the mental ability to understand and discriminate between relations
discernment	n.	the trait of judging wisely and objectively
discharged	v.	complete or carry out
discharged	v.	pour forth or release
discharged	v.	free from obligations or duties
discharged	v.	remove the charge from
discharged	v.	go off or discharge
discharged	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
discharged	v.	eliminate (a substance)
discharged	v.	leave or unload
discharged	v.	cause to go off
discharged	v.	release from military service
discharged	v.	become empty or void of its content
discharged	adj.	having lost your job
disciple	n.	someone who believes and helps to spread the doctrine of another
discipleship	n.	the position of disciple
disciplinarian	n.	someone who demands exact conformity to rules and forms
disciplinary	adj.	relating to discipline in behavior
disciplinary	adj.	relating to a specific field of academic study
disciplinary	adj.	designed to promote discipline
discipline	n.	a branch of knowledge
discipline	n.	a system of rules of conduct or method of practice
discipline	n.	the trait of being well behaved
discipline	n.	training to improve strength or self-control
discipline	n.	the act of punishing
discipline	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
discipline	v.	punish in order to gain control or enforce obedience
disciplined	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
disciplined	v.	punish in order to gain control or enforce obedience
disciplined	adj.	obeying the rules
disciplined	adj.	trained mentally or physically by instruction or exercise
disclose	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
disclose	v.	disclose to view as by removing a cover
disclosed	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
disclosed	v.	disclose to view as by removing a cover
disclosed	adj.	made known (especially something secret or concealed)
disco	n.	popular dance music (especially in the late 1970s); melodic with a regular bass beat; intended mainly for dancing at discotheques
disco	n.	a public dance hall for dancing to recorded popular music
disco	v.	dance to disco music
discography	n.	a descriptive catalog of musical recordings
discoloration	n.	a soiled or discolored appearance
discoloration	n.	the act of changing the natural color of something by making it duller or dingier or unnatural or faded
discombobulate	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
discombobulate	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
discombobulation	n.	a feeling of embarrassment that leaves you confused
discomfit	v.	cause to lose one's composure
discomfiture	n.	anxious embarrassment
discommode	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
disconcerting	v.	cause to feel embarrassment
disconcerting	v.	cause to lose one's composure
disconcerting	adj.	causing an emotional disturbance; - Herb Caen
disconnected	v.	pull the plug of (electrical appliances) and render inoperable
disconnected	v.	make disconnected, disjoin or unfasten
disconnected	adj.	(music) marked by or composed of disconnected parts or sounds; cut short crisply
disconnected	adj.	having been divided; having the unity destroyed; -Samuel Lubell; - E.B.White
disconnected	adj.	marked by sudden changes in subject and sharp transitions
disconnected	adj.	not plugged in or connected to a power source
disconnected	adj.	lacking orderly continuity
disconnectedness	n.	state of being disconnected
disconsolate	adj.	sad beyond comforting; incapable of being consoled
disconsolate	adj.	causing dejection
discordance	n.	a harsh mixture of sounds
discordance	n.	strife resulting from a lack of agreement
discordant	adj.	not in agreement or harmony
discordant	adj.	lacking in harmony
discotheque	n.	a public dance hall for dancing to recorded popular music
discourage	v.	try to prevent; show opposition to
discourage	v.	deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged
discourage	v.	admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
discouragement	n.	the feeling of despair in the face of obstacles
discouragement	n.	the expression of opposition and disapproval
discouragement	n.	the act of discouraging
discouraging	v.	try to prevent; show opposition to
discouraging	v.	deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged
discouraging	v.	admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
discouraging	adj.	depriving of confidence or hope or enthusiasm and hence often deterring action
discouraging	adj.	expressing disapproval
discover	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
discover	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
discover	v.	make a discovery, make a new finding
discover	v.	make a discovery
discover	v.	find unexpectedly
discover	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
discover	v.	see for the first time; make a discovery
discover	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
discovered	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
discovered	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
discovered	v.	make a discovery, make a new finding
discovered	v.	make a discovery
discovered	v.	find unexpectedly
discovered	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
discovered	v.	see for the first time; make a discovery
discovered	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
discovered	adj.	discovered or determined by scientific observation
discoverer	n.	someone who is the first to think of or make something
discoverer	n.	someone who is the first to observe something
discovery	n.	the act of discovering something
discovery	n.	something that is discovered
discovery	n.	a productive insight
discovery	n.	(law) compulsory pretrial disclosure of documents relevant to a case; enables one side in a litigation to elicit information from the other side concerning the facts in the case
discreet	adj.	marked by prudence or modesty and wise self-restraint
discreet	adj.	unobtrusively perceptive and sympathetic
discreet	adj.	heedful of potential consequences
discreetness	n.	knowing how to avoid embarrassment or distress
discreetness	n.	subtly skillful handling of a situation
discrepancy	n.	a difference between conflicting facts or claims or opinions
discrepancy	n.	an event that departs from expectations
discrepant	adj.	not compatible with other facts
discrepant	adj.	not in agreement
discrepant	adj.	not in accord
discrete	adj.	constituting a separate entity or part
discreteness	n.	the state of being several and distinct
discretion	n.	freedom to act or judge on one's own
discretion	n.	knowing how to avoid embarrassment or distress
discretion	n.	refined taste; tact
discretion	n.	the power of making free choices unconstrained by external agencies
discretion	n.	the trait of judging wisely and objectively
discretionary	adj.	having or using the ability to act or decide according to your own discretion or judgment
discretionary	adj.	(especially of funds) not earmarked; available for use as needed
discriminate	v.	recognize or perceive the difference
discriminate	v.	treat differently on the basis of sex or race
discriminate	v.	distinguish
discriminate	adj.	marked by the ability to see or make fine distinctions
discriminating	v.	recognize or perceive the difference
discriminating	v.	treat differently on the basis of sex or race
discriminating	v.	distinguish
discriminating	adj.	showing or indicating careful judgment and discernment especially in matters of taste
discriminating	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
discrimination	n.	unfair treatment of a person or group on the basis of prejudice
discrimination	n.	the cognitive process whereby two or more stimuli are distinguished
discriminator	n.	a person who (or that which) differentiates
discriminatory	adj.	being biased or having a belief or attitude formed beforehand
discriminatory	adj.	containing or implying a slight or showing prejudice
discriminatory	adj.	capable of making fine distinctions
discriminatory	adj.	manifesting partiality
discursiveness	n.	the quality of being discursive
discus	n.	an athletic competition in which a disk-shaped object is thrown as far as possible
discus	n.	a disk used in throwing competitions
discussant	n.	a participant in a formal discussion
discussion	n.	an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic
discussion	n.	an exchange of views on some topic
disdain	n.	lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike
disdain	n.	a communication that indicates lack of respect by patronizing the recipient
disdain	v.	look down on with disdain
disdain	v.	reject with contempt
disdainful	adj.	expressing extreme contempt
disdainful	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
disembowel	v.	remove the entrails of
disembowelment	n.	the act of removing the bowels or viscera; the act of cutting so as to cause the viscera to protrude
disfigurement	n.	an appearance that has been spoiled or is misshapen
disfigurement	n.	the act of damaging the appearance or surface of something
disfranchisement	n.	the discontinuation of a franchise; especially the discontinuation of the right to vote
disgorgement	n.	the reflex act of ejecting the contents of the stomach through the mouth
disgruntle	v.	put into a bad mood or into bad humour
disgruntlement	n.	a feeling of sulky discontent
disguise	n.	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something
disguise	n.	any attire that modifies the appearance in order to conceal the wearer's identity
disguise	n.	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance
disguise	v.	make unrecognizable
disguised	v.	make unrecognizable
disguised	adj.	having its true character concealed with the intent of misleading
disgusted	v.	fill with distaste
disgusted	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
disgusted	adj.	having a strong distaste from surfeit
disgusting	v.	fill with distaste
disgusting	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
disgusting	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
dish	n.	a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food
dish	n.	a particular item of prepared food
dish	n.	the quantity that a dish will hold
dish	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
dish	n.	directional antenna consisting of a parabolic reflector for microwave or radio frequency radiation
dish	n.	an activity that you like or at which you are superior
dish	v.	provide (usually but not necessarily food)
dish	v.	make concave; shape like a dish
dishabille	n.	the state of being carelessly or partially dressed
disharmonious	adj.	lacking in harmony
dishcloth	n.	a cloth for washing dishes
dishcloths	n.	a cloth for washing dishes
disheartening	v.	take away the enthusiasm of
disheartening	adj.	destructive of morale and self-reliance
dishevel	v.	disarrange or rumple; dishevel
dishpan	n.	large pan for washing dishes
dishrag	n.	a cloth for washing dishes
dishtowel	n.	a towel for drying dishes
dishware	n.	tableware (eating and serving dishes) collectively
dishwasher	n.	a machine for washing dishes
dishwasher	n.	someone who washes dishes
dishwater	n.	water in which dishes and cooking utensils are washed
dishy	adj.	(informal British) sexually attractive
disillusion	n.	freeing from false belief or illusions
disillusion	v.	free from enchantment
disillusionment	n.	freeing from false belief or illusions
disinfectant	n.	an agent (as heat or radiation or a chemical) that destroys microorganisms that might carry disease
disinfectant	adj.	preventing infection by inhibiting the growth or action of microorganisms
disinfection	n.	treatment to destroy harmful microorganisms
disinterested	adj.	unaffected by self-interest
disinterestedness	n.	freedom from bias or from selfish motives
disjointed	v.	part; cease or break association with
disjointed	v.	separate at the joints
disjointed	v.	make disjoint, separated, or disconnected; undo the joining of
disjointed	v.	become separated, disconnected or disjoint
disjointed	adj.	lacking orderly continuity
disjointed	adj.	taken apart at the joints
disjointed	adj.	separated at the joint
disjointedness	n.	lacking order or coherence
disjunctive	adj.	serving or tending to divide or separate
disjuncture	n.	state of being disconnected
disk	n.	something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate
disk	n.	a flat circular plate
disk	n.	sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove
disk	n.	(computer science) a memory device consisting of a flat disk covered with a magnetic coating on which information is stored
disk	v.	draw a harrow over (land)
diskette	n.	a small plastic magnetic disk enclosed in a stiff envelope with a radial slit; used to store data or programs for a microcomputer
dislodge	v.	remove or force out from a position
dislodge	v.	change place or direction
dislodge	v.	remove or force from a position of dwelling previously occupied
dismal	adj.	causing dejection
dismantlement	n.	the act of taking something apart (as a piece of machinery)
dismay	n.	the feeling of despair in the face of obstacles
dismay	n.	fear resulting from the awareness of danger
dismay	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
dismay	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
dismayed	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
dismayed	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
dismayed	adj.	struck with fear, dread, or consternation
dismember	v.	separate the limbs from the body
dismember	v.	divide into pieces
dismemberment	n.	the removal of limbs; being cut to pieces
dismissive	adj.	showing indifference or disregard
dismissive	adj.	stopping to associate with
disney	n.	United States film maker who pioneered animated cartoons and created such characters as Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck; founded Disneyland (1901-1966)
disneyland	n.	an amusement park in Anaheim created in 1955 by Walt Disney
disorder	n.	a physical condition in which there is a disturbance of normal functioning
disorder	n.	a condition in which things are not in their expected places
disorder	n.	a disturbance of the peace or of public order
disorder	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
disorder	v.	bring disorder to
disorganization	n.	a condition in which an orderly system has been disrupted
disorganization	n.	the disturbance of a systematic arrangement causing disorder and confusion
disparage	v.	express a negative opinion of
disparagement	n.	a communication that belittles somebody or something
disparagement	n.	the act of speaking contemptuously of
disparaging	v.	express a negative opinion of
disparaging	adj.	expressive of low opinion
disparate	adj.	fundamentally different or distinct in quality or kind
disparate	adj.	including markedly dissimilar elements
dispatcher	n.	the official who signals the beginning of a race or competition
dispatcher	n.	employee of a transportation company who controls the departures of vehicles according to weather conditions and in the interest of efficient service
dispel	v.	force to go away; used both with concrete and metaphoric meanings
dispel	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
dispelled	v.	force to go away; used both with concrete and metaphoric meanings
dispelled	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
dispelling	v.	force to go away; used both with concrete and metaphoric meanings
dispelling	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
dispensary	n.	clinic where medicine and medical supplies are dispensed
dispensation	n.	an exemption from some rule or obligation
dispensation	n.	a share that has been dispensed or distributed
dispensation	n.	the act of dispensing (giving out in portions)
dispense	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
dispense	v.	grant a dispensation; grant an exemption
dispense	v.	give or apply (medications)
dispenser	n.	a container so designed that the contents can be used in prescribed amounts
dispenser	n.	a person who dispenses
dispersal	n.	the act of dispersing or diffusing something
disperse	v.	distribute loosely
disperse	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
disperse	v.	cause to separate
disperse	v.	move away from each other
disperse	v.	separate (light) into spectral rays
disperse	v.	cause to become widely known
dispersion	n.	spreading widely or driving off
dispersion	n.	the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume
dispersion	n.	the act of dispersing or diffusing something
dispirit	v.	lower someone's spirits; make downhearted
displeasure	n.	the feeling of being displeased or annoyed or dissatisfied with someone or something
disposable	n.	an item that can be disposed of after it has been used
disposable	adj.	free or available for use or disposition
disposable	adj.	designed to be disposed of after use
disposal	n.	the power to use something or someone
disposal	n.	a method of tending to or managing the affairs of a some group of people (especially the group's business affairs)
disposal	n.	the act or means of getting rid of something
disposal	n.	a kitchen appliance for disposing of garbage
disposed	v.	give, sell, or transfer to another
disposed	v.	throw or cast away
disposed	v.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief
disposed	v.	place or put in a particular order
disposed	v.	make fit or prepared
disposed	adj.	having made preparations
disposed	adj.	(usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward
disposition	n.	your usual mood
disposition	n.	the act or means of getting rid of something
disposition	n.	an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others
disposition	n.	a natural or acquired habit or characteristic tendency in a person or thing
dispossession	n.	the expulsion of someone (such as a tenant) from the possession of land by process of law
dispossession	n.	freeing from evil spirits
disproof	n.	any evidence that helps to establish the falsity of something
disproof	n.	the act of determining that something is false
disproportional	adj.	out of proportion
disprove	v.	prove to be false
disputable	adj.	capable of being disproved
disputable	adj.	open to argument or debate
disputant	n.	a person who disputes; who is good at or enjoys controversy
disputation	n.	the formal presentation of a stated proposition and the opposition to it (usually followed by a vote)
disputation	n.	a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement
disputatious	adj.	inclined or showing an inclination to dispute or disagree, even to engage in law suits
dispute	n.	a disagreement or argument about something important
dispute	n.	coming into conflict with
dispute	v.	take exception to
dispute	v.	have a disagreement over something
disputed	v.	take exception to
disputed	v.	have a disagreement over something
disputed	adj.	subject to disagreement and debate
disquiet	n.	a feeling of mild anxiety about possible developments
disquiet	n.	the trait of seeming ill at ease
disquiet	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
disquisition	n.	an elaborate analytical or explanatory essay or discussion
disraeli	n.	British statesman who as Prime Minister bought controlling interest in the Suez Canal and made Queen Victoria the empress of India (1804-1881)
disrepair	n.	in need of repairs
disrepute	n.	the state of being held in low esteem
disrupt	v.	make a break in
disrupt	v.	throw into disorder
disrupt	v.	interfere in someone else's activity
disruption	n.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity
disruption	n.	a disorderly outburst or tumult
disruption	n.	an event that results in a displacement or discontinuity
disruption	n.	the act of causing disorder
disruptive	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination
dissect	v.	cut open or cut apart
dissect	v.	make a mathematical, chemical, or grammatical analysis of; break down into components or essential features
dissed	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
dissemble	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
dissemble	v.	hide under a false appearance
dissemble	v.	behave unnaturally or affectedly
dissembler	n.	a person who professes beliefs and opinions that he or she does not hold in order to conceal his or her real feelings or motives
disseminate	v.	cause to become widely known
dissemination	n.	the opening of a subject to widespread discussion and debate
dissemination	n.	the property of being diffused or dispersed
dissemination	n.	the act of dispersing or diffusing something
dissension	n.	disagreement among those expected to cooperate
dissension	n.	a conflict of people's opinions or actions or characters
dissent	n.	(law) the difference of one judge's opinion from that of the majority
dissent	n.	a difference of opinion
dissent	n.	the act of protesting; a public (often organized) manifestation of dissent
dissent	v.	withhold assent
dissent	v.	express opposition through action or words
dissent	v.	be of different opinions
dissenter	n.	a person who dissents from some established policy
dissertation	n.	a treatise advancing a new point of view resulting from research; usually a requirement for an advanced academic degree
disses	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
dissidence	n.	disagreement; especially disagreement with the government
dissident	n.	a person who dissents from some established policy
dissident	adj.	characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards
dissident	adj.	disagreeing, especially with a majority
dissimilar	adj.	not similar
dissimilar	adj.	not alike or similar
dissimilar	adj.	marked by dissimilarity
dissimilitude	n.	dissimilarity evidenced by an absence of likeness
dissing	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
dissipate	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
dissipate	v.	move away from each other
dissipate	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
dissipate	v.	live a life of pleasure, especially with respect to alcoholic consumption
dissipation	n.	breaking up and scattering by dispersion
dissipation	n.	dissolute indulgence in sensual pleasure
dissipation	n.	useless or profitless activity; using or expending or consuming thoughtlessly or carelessly
dissociate	v.	part; cease or break association with
dissociate	v.	regard as unconnected
dissociate	v.	to undergo a reversible or temporary breakdown of a molecule into simpler molecules or atoms
dissociation	n.	the act of removing from association
dissociation	n.	a state in which some integrated part of a person's life becomes separated from the rest of the personality and functions independently
dissociation	n.	(chemistry) the temporary or reversible process in which a molecule or ion is broken down into smaller molecules or ions
dissoluble	adj.	capable of dissolving
dissolute	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
dissoluteness	n.	indiscipline with regard to sensuous pleasures
dissolve	n.	(film) a gradual transition from one scene to the next; the next scene is gradually superimposed as the former scene fades out
dissolve	v.	become weaker
dissolve	v.	cause to go into a solution
dissolve	v.	come to an end
dissolve	v.	stop functioning or cohering as a unit
dissolve	v.	cause to lose control emotionally
dissolve	v.	lose control emotionally
dissolve	v.	cause to fade away
dissolve	v.	pass into a solution
dissolve	v.	become or cause to become soft or liquid
dissolve	v.	bring the association of to an end or cause to break up
dissolve	v.	declare void
dissolved	v.	become weaker
dissolved	v.	cause to go into a solution
dissolved	v.	come to an end
dissolved	v.	stop functioning or cohering as a unit
dissolved	v.	cause to lose control emotionally
dissolved	v.	lose control emotionally
dissolved	v.	cause to fade away
dissolved	v.	pass into a solution
dissolved	v.	become or cause to become soft or liquid
dissolved	v.	bring the association of to an end or cause to break up
dissolved	v.	declare void
dissolved	adj.	(of solid matter) reduced to a liquid form
dissonance	n.	a conflict of people's opinions or actions or characters
dissonance	n.	the auditory experience of sound that lacks musical quality; sound that is a disagreeable auditory experience
dissonance	n.	disagreeable sounds
dissonant	adj.	characterized by musical dissonance; harmonically unresolved
dissonant	adj.	lacking in harmony
dissonant	adj.	not in accord
dissuade	v.	turn away from by persuasion
dissuasive	adj.	deterring from action
distaff	n.	the sphere of work by women
distaff	n.	the staff on which wool or flax is wound before spinning
distaff	adj.	characteristic of or peculiar to a woman
distal	adj.	situated farthest from point of attachment or origin, as of a limb or bone
distal	adj.	directed away from the midline or mesial plane of the body
distance	n.	the property created by the space between two objects or points
distance	n.	a distant region
distance	n.	size of the gap between two places
distance	n.	indifference by personal withdrawal
distance	n.	the interval between two times
distance	n.	a remote point in time
distance	v.	keep at a distance
distance	v.	go far ahead of
distant	adj.	separated in space or coming from or going to a distance
distant	adj.	far apart in relevance or relationship or kinship
distant	adj.	remote in manner
distant	adj.	separate or apart in time
distant	adj.	located far away spatially
distaste	n.	a feeling of intense dislike
distemper	n.	any of various infectious viral diseases of animals
distemper	n.	an angry and disagreeable mood
distemper	n.	paint made by mixing the pigments with water and a binder
distemper	n.	a painting created with paint that is made by mixing the pigments with water and a binder
distemper	n.	a method of painting in which the pigments are mixed with water and a binder; used for painting posters or murals or stage scenery
distemper	v.	paint with distemper
distention	n.	the state of being stretched beyond normal dimensions
distention	n.	the act of expanding by pressure from within
distillate	n.	a purified liquid produced by condensation from a vapor during distilling; the product of distilling
distillation	n.	the process of purifying a liquid by boiling it and condensing its vapors
distillation	n.	a purified liquid produced by condensation from a vapor during distilling; the product of distilling
distillery	n.	a plant and works where alcoholic drinks are made by distillation
distinct	adj.	(often followed by `from') not alike; different in nature or quality
distinct	adj.	easy to perceive; especially clearly outlined
distinct	adj.	constituting a separate entity or part
distinct	adj.	recognizable; marked
distinct	adj.	clearly or sharply defined to the mind
distincter	adj.	(often followed by `from') not alike; different in nature or quality
distincter	adj.	easy to perceive; especially clearly outlined
distincter	adj.	constituting a separate entity or part
distincter	adj.	recognizable; marked
distincter	adj.	clearly or sharply defined to the mind
distinction	n.	a discrimination between things as different and distinct
distinction	n.	high status importance owing to marked superiority
distinction	n.	a distinguishing quality
distinction	n.	a distinguishing difference
distinctive	adj.	of a feature that helps to distinguish a person or thing; - Curtis Wilkie
distinctive	adj.	capable of being classified
distinctiveness	n.	a distinguishing trait
distinctiveness	n.	utter dissimilarity
distinctness	n.	the quality of being sharp and clear
distinctness	n.	the state of being several and distinct
distinctness	n.	the quality of being not alike; being distinct or different from that otherwise experienced or known
distinguish	v.	mark as different
distinguish	v.	detect with the senses
distinguish	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
distinguish	v.	make conspicuous or noteworthy
distinguish	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
distinguishable	adj.	capable of being perceived as different or distinct
distinguishable	adj.	(often followed by `from') not alike; different in nature or quality
distinguished	v.	mark as different
distinguished	v.	detect with the senses
distinguished	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
distinguished	v.	make conspicuous or noteworthy
distinguished	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
distinguished	adj.	(used of persons) standing above others in character or attainment or reputation
distinguished	adj.	used of a person's appearance or behavior; befitting an eminent person
distort	v.	make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story
distort	v.	form into a spiral shape
distort	v.	twist and press out of shape
distort	v.	affect as in thought or feeling
distort	v.	alter the shape of (something) by stress
distortion	n.	a change for the worse
distortion	n.	a shape resulting from distortion
distortion	n.	an optical phenomenon resulting from the failure of a lens or mirror to produce a good image
distortion	n.	a change (usually undesired) in the waveform of an acoustic or analog electrical signal; the difference between two measurements of a signal (as between the input and output signal)
distortion	n.	the act of distorting something so it seems to mean something it was not intended to mean
distortion	n.	the mistake of misrepresenting the facts
distract	v.	draw someone's attention away from something
distract	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
distracted	v.	draw someone's attention away from something
distracted	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
distracted	adj.	having the attention diverted especially because of anxiety
distraction	n.	mental turmoil
distraction	n.	an obstacle to attention
distraction	n.	an entertainment that provokes pleased interest and distracts you from worries and vexations
distraction	n.	the act of distracting; drawing someone's attention away from something
distrait	adj.	having the attention diverted especially because of anxiety
distraught	adj.	deeply agitated especially from emotion
distress	n.	psychological suffering
distress	n.	a state of adversity (danger or affliction or need)
distress	n.	extreme physical pain
distress	n.	the seizure and holding of property as security for payment of a debt or satisfaction of a claim
distress	v.	bring into difficulties or distress, especially financial hardship
distress	v.	cause mental pain to
distressful	adj.	causing distress or worry or anxiety
distressing	v.	bring into difficulties or distress, especially financial hardship
distressing	v.	cause mental pain to
distressing	adj.	causing distress or worry or anxiety
distressing	adj.	bad; unfortunate
distribute	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
distribute	v.	distribute or disperse widely
distribute	v.	make available
distribute	v.	give to several people
distribute	v.	cause be distributed
distribute	v.	cause to become widely known
distribute	v.	spread throughout a given area
distribute	v.	be distributed or spread, as in statistical analyses
distribute	v.	be mathematically distributive
distribute	v.	to arrange in a systematic order
distributed	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
distributed	v.	distribute or disperse widely
distributed	v.	make available
distributed	v.	give to several people
distributed	v.	cause be distributed
distributed	v.	cause to become widely known
distributed	v.	spread throughout a given area
distributed	v.	be distributed or spread, as in statistical analyses
distributed	v.	be mathematically distributive
distributed	v.	to arrange in a systematic order
distributed	adj.	spread out or scattered about or divided up
distribution	n.	(statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence
distribution	n.	the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume
distribution	n.	the act of distributing or spreading or apportioning
distribution	n.	the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer
distributional	adj.	of or relating to spatial distribution
distributions	n.	(statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence
distributions	n.	the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume
distributions	n.	the act of distributing or spreading or apportioning
distributions	n.	the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer
distributive	adj.	serving to distribute or allot or disperse
distributor	n.	someone who markets merchandise
distributor	n.	a person with authority to allot or deal out or apportion
distributor	n.	a company that markets merchandise
distributor	n.	electrical device that distributes voltage to the spark plugs of a gasoline engine in the order of the firing sequence
district	n.	a region marked off for administrative or other purposes
district	v.	regulate housing in; of certain areas of towns
disturb	v.	move deeply
disturb	v.	change the arrangement or position of
disturb	v.	tamper with
disturb	v.	destroy the peace or tranquility of
disturb	v.	damage as if by shaking or jarring
disturbance	n.	activity that is a malfunction, intrusion, or interruption
disturbance	n.	an unhappy and worried mental state
disturbance	n.	a disorderly outburst or tumult
disturbance	n.	a noisy fight
disturbance	n.	the act of disturbing something or someone; setting something in motion
disturbance	n.	(psychiatry) a psychological disorder of thought or emotion; a more neutral term than mental illness
disturbance	n.	electrical or acoustic activity that can disturb communication
disturbed	v.	move deeply
disturbed	v.	change the arrangement or position of
disturbed	v.	tamper with
disturbed	v.	destroy the peace or tranquility of
disturbed	v.	damage as if by shaking or jarring
disturbed	adj.	having the place or position changed
disturbed	adj.	afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness or trouble or grief
disturbed	adj.	emotionally unstable and having difficulty coping with personal relationships
disturbed	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
disturber	n.	a troubler who interrupts or interferes with peace and quiet; someone who causes disorder and commotion
disturbing	v.	move deeply
disturbing	v.	change the arrangement or position of
disturbing	v.	tamper with
disturbing	v.	destroy the peace or tranquility of
disturbing	v.	damage as if by shaking or jarring
disturbing	adj.	causing distress or worry or anxiety
disunion	n.	the termination or destruction of union
disyllabic	adj.	having or characterized by or consisting of two syllables
ditch	n.	a long narrow excavation in the earth
ditch	n.	any small natural waterway
ditch	v.	forsake
ditch	v.	throw away
ditch	v.	sever all ties with, usually unceremoniously or irresponsibly
ditch	v.	make an emergency landing on water
ditch	v.	crash or crash-land
ditch	v.	cut a trench in, as for drainage
dither	n.	an excited state of agitation
dither	v.	act nervously; be undecided; be uncertain
dither	v.	make a fuss; be agitated
ditto	n.	a mark used to indicate the word above it should be repeated
ditto	v.	repeat an action or statement
ditty	n.	a short simple song (or the words of a poem intended to be sung)
diuretic	n.	any substance that tends to increase the flow of urine, which causes the body to get rid of excess water
diurnal	adj.	of or belonging to or active during the day
diurnal	adj.	having a daily cycle or occurring every day
diva	n.	a distinguished female operatic singer; a female operatic star
divalent	adj.	having a valence of two or having two valences
divan	n.	a long backless sofa (usually with pillows against a wall)
divan	n.	a Muslim council of state
divan	n.	a collection of Persian or Arabic poems (usually by one author)
divan	n.	a Muslim council chamber or law court
dive	n.	a cheap disreputable nightclub or dance hall
dive	n.	a headlong plunge into water
dive	n.	a steep nose-down descent by an aircraft
dive	n.	a distinguished female operatic singer; a female operatic star
dive	v.	drop steeply
dive	v.	plunge into water
dive	v.	swim under water
diver	n.	someone who works underwater
diver	n.	someone who dives (into water)
diver	n.	large somewhat primitive fish-eating diving bird of the northern hemisphere having webbed feet placed far back; related to the grebes
diverge	v.	move or draw apart
diverge	v.	have no limits as a mathematical series
diverge	v.	extend in a different direction
diverge	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
divergence	n.	the act of moving away in different direction from a common point
divergence	n.	a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
divergence	n.	an infinite series that has no limit
divergence	n.	a difference between conflicting facts or claims or opinions
divergent	adj.	diverging from another or from a standard
divergent	adj.	tending to move apart in different directions
diverse	adj.	many and different
diverse	adj.	distinctly dissimilar or unlike
diverseness	n.	noticeable heterogeneity
diversification	n.	the act of introducing variety (especially in investments or in the variety of goods and services offered)
diversification	n.	the condition of being varied
diversify	v.	make (more) diverse
diversify	v.	spread into new habitats and produce variety or variegate
diversify	v.	vary in order to spread risk or to expand
diversion	n.	an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates
diversion	n.	a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)
diversion	n.	an attack calculated to draw enemy defense away from the point of the principal attack
diversionary	adj.	(of tactics e.g.) likely or designed to confuse or deceive
diversity	n.	noticeable heterogeneity
diversity	n.	the condition or result of being changeable
divert	v.	turn aside; turn away from
divert	v.	send on a course or in a direction different from the planned or intended one
divert	v.	occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion
divert	v.	withdraw (money) and move into a different location, often secretly and with dishonest intentions
diverticulitis	n.	inflammation of a diverticulum in the digestive tract (especially the colon); characterized by painful abdominal cramping and fever and constipation
divest	v.	take away possessions from someone
divest	v.	deprive of status or authority
divest	v.	reduce or dispose of; cease to hold (an investment)
divest	v.	remove (someone's or one's own) clothes
divestiture	n.	an order to an offending party to rid itself of property; it has the purpose of depriving the defendant of the gains of wrongful behavior
divestiture	n.	the sale by a company of a product line or a subsidiary or a division
divide	n.	a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tension or hostility)
divide	n.	a ridge of land that separates two adjacent river systems
divide	v.	separate into parts or portions
divide	v.	perform a division
divide	v.	act as a barrier between; stand between
divide	v.	come apart
divide	v.	make a division or separation
divide	v.	force, take, or pull apart
divided	v.	separate into parts or portions
divided	v.	perform a division
divided	v.	act as a barrier between; stand between
divided	v.	come apart
divided	v.	make a division or separation
divided	v.	force, take, or pull apart
divided	adj.	separated into parts or pieces
divided	adj.	having a median strip or island between lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions
divided	adj.	distributed in portions (often equal) on the basis of a plan or purpose
dividend	n.	that part of the earnings of a corporation that is distributed to its shareholders; usually paid quarterly
dividend	n.	a number to be divided by another number
dividend	n.	a bonus; something extra (especially a share of a surplus)
divider	n.	a taxonomist who classifies organisms into many groups on the basis of relatively minor characteristics
divider	n.	a person who separates something into parts or groups
divider	n.	a vertical structure that divides or separates (as a wall divides one room from another)
divider	n.	a drafting instrument resembling a compass that is used for dividing lines into equal segments or for transferring measurements
divination	n.	successful conjecture by unusual insight or good luck
divination	n.	a prediction uttered under divine inspiration
divination	n.	the art or gift of prophecy (or the pretense of prophecy) by supernatural means
divine	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
divine	n.	a clergyman or other person in religious orders
divine	v.	perceive intuitively or through some inexplicable perceptive powers
divine	v.	search by divining, as if with a rod
divine	adj.	emanating from God; ; ; -Saturday Review
divine	adj.	resulting from divine providence
divine	adj.	being or having the nature of a god; -J.G.Frazier; ; ; -J.G.Saxe
divine	adj.	devoted to or in the service or worship of a deity
divine	adj.	appropriate to or befitting a god; ; ; -R.H.Roveref
divine	adj.	being of such surpassing excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods
diviner	n.	someone who claims to discover hidden knowledge with the aid of supernatural powers
diviner	adj.	emanating from God; ; ; -Saturday Review
diviner	adj.	resulting from divine providence
diviner	adj.	being or having the nature of a god; -J.G.Frazier; ; ; -J.G.Saxe
diviner	adj.	devoted to or in the service or worship of a deity
diviner	adj.	appropriate to or befitting a god; ; ; -R.H.Roveref
diviner	adj.	being of such surpassing excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods
diving	n.	an athletic competition that involves diving into water
diving	n.	a headlong plunge into water
diving	v.	drop steeply
diving	v.	plunge into water
diving	v.	swim under water
divinity	n.	any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force
divinity	n.	the quality of being divine
divinity	n.	white creamy fudge made with egg whites
divinity	n.	the rational and systematic study of religion and its influences and of the nature of religious truth
divisibility	n.	the quality of being divisible; the capacity to be divided into parts or divided among a number of persons
divisible	adj.	capable of being or liable to be divided or separated
division	n.	an army unit large enough to sustain combat
division	n.	one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole
division	n.	the act or process of dividing
division	n.	an administrative unit in government or business
division	n.	discord that splits a group
division	n.	a league ranked by quality
division	n.	(biology) a group of organisms forming a subdivision of a larger category
division	n.	(botany) taxonomic unit of plants corresponding to a phylum
division	n.	a unit of the United States Air Force usually comprising two or more wings
division	n.	a group of ships of similar type
division	n.	an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of multiplication; the quotient of two numbers is computed
division	n.	the act of dividing or partitioning; separation by the creation of a boundary that divides or keeps apart
divisional	adj.	of or relating to a military division
divisional	adj.	serving to divide or marking a division
divisional	adj.	constituting a division or an aliquot part of the basic monetary unit
divisive	adj.	dissenting (especially dissenting with the majority opinion)
divisor	n.	one of two or more integers that can be exactly divided into another integer
divisor	n.	the number by which a dividend is divided
divorce	n.	the legal dissolution of a marriage
divorce	v.	part; cease or break association with
divorce	v.	get a divorce; formally terminate a marriage
divorcee	n.	a divorced woman or a woman who is separated from her husband
divorcement	n.	the legal dissolution of a marriage
divot	n.	(golf) the cavity left when a piece of turf is cut from the ground by the club head in making a stroke
divot	n.	a piece of turf dug out of a lawn or fairway (by an animals hooves or a golf club)
divulge	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
divvy	n.	short for dividend; especially one paid by a cooperative society
dix	n.	United States social reformer who pioneered in the reform of prisons and in the treatment of the mentally ill; superintended women army nurses during the American Civil War (1802-1887)
dixie	n.	the southern states that seceded from the United States in 1861
dixie	n.	a large metal pot (12 gallon camp kettle) for cooking; used in military camps
dixieland	n.	the southern states that seceded from the United States in 1861
dizzily	adv.	in a giddy light-headed manner
dizziness	n.	a reeling sensation; a feeling that you are about to fall
dizzy	v.	make dizzy or giddy
dizzy	adj.	having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling
dizzy	adj.	lacking seriousness; given to frivolity
dj	n.	a person who announces and plays popular recorded music
dj	v.	comment on music to be played
djibouti	n.	port city on the Gulf of Aden; the capital and largest city of Djibouti
djibouti	n.	a country in northeastern Africa on the Somali peninsula; formerly under French control but became independent in 1997
dmd	n.	a doctor's degree in dental medicine
dmz	n.	a zone from which military forces or operations or installations are prohibited
dna	n.	(biochemistry) a long linear polymer found in the nucleus of a cell and formed from nucleotides and shaped like a double helix; associated with the transmission of genetic information
do	n.	an uproarious party
do	n.	the syllable naming the first (tonic) note of any major scale in solmization
do	n.	doctor's degree in osteopathy
do	v.	engage in
do	v.	carry out or perform an action
do	v.	get (something) done
do	v.	proceed or get along
do	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
do	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
do	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
do	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
do	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
do	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
do	v.	carry on or function
do	v.	arrange attractively
do	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
doable	adj.	capable of existing or taking place or proving true; possible to do
dobbin	n.	a quiet plodding workhorse
doberman	n.	medium large breed of dog of German origin with a glossy black and tan coat; used as a watchdog
doc	n.	a licensed medical practitioner
doc	n.	the United States federal department that promotes and administers domestic and foreign trade (including management of the census and the patent office); created in 1913
docent	n.	a teacher at some universities
docile	adj.	willing to be taught or led or supervised or directed
docile	adj.	ready and willing to be taught
docile	adj.	easily handled or managed
docility	n.	the trait of being agreeably submissive and manageable
dock	n.	an enclosure in a court of law where the defendant sits during the trial
dock	n.	any of certain coarse weedy plants with long taproots, sometimes used as table greens or in folk medicine
dock	n.	a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats
dock	n.	a platform where trucks or trains can be loaded or unloaded
dock	n.	landing in a harbor next to a pier where ships are loaded and unloaded or repaired; may have gates to let water in or out
dock	n.	the solid bony part of the tail of an animal as distinguished from the hair
dock	n.	a short or shortened tail of certain animals
dock	v.	come into dock
dock	v.	deprive someone of benefits, as a penalty
dock	v.	deduct from someone's wages
dock	v.	remove or shorten the tail of an animal
dock	v.	maneuver into a dock
docket	n.	(law) the calendar of a court; the list of cases to be tried or a summary of the court's activities
docket	n.	a temporally organized plan for matters to be attended to
docket	v.	place on the docket for legal action
docket	v.	make a summary or abstract of a legal document and inscribe it in a list
dockside	n.	the region adjacent to a boat dock
dockworker	n.	a laborer who loads and unloads vessels in a port
dockyard	n.	an establishment on the waterfront where vessels are built or fitted out or repaired
doctor	n.	a licensed medical practitioner
doctor	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a title conferred on 33 saints who distinguished themselves through the orthodoxy of their theological teaching
doctor	n.	children take the roles of physician or patient or nurse and pretend they are at the physician's office
doctor	n.	a person who holds Ph.D. degree (or the equivalent) from an academic institution
doctor	v.	alter and make impure, as with the intention to deceive
doctor	v.	give medical treatment to
doctor	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
doctoral	adj.	of or relating to a doctor or doctorate
doctorate	n.	one of the highest earned academic degrees conferred by a university
doctorow	n.	United States novelist (born in 1931)
doctrinaire	n.	a stubborn person of arbitrary or arrogant opinions
doctrinaire	adj.	stubbornly insistent on theory without regard for practicality or suitability
doctrinal	adj.	relating to or involving or preoccupied with doctrine
doctrine	n.	a belief (or system of beliefs) accepted as authoritative by some group or school
docudrama	n.	a film or TV program presenting the facts about a person or event
document	n.	writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature)
document	n.	anything serving as a representation of a person's thinking by means of symbolic marks
document	n.	a written account of ownership or obligation
document	n.	(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters
document	v.	record in detail
document	v.	support or supply with references
documentary	n.	a film or TV program presenting the facts about a person or event
documentary	adj.	relating to or consisting of or derived from documents
documentary	adj.	emphasizing or expressing things as perceived without distortion of personal feelings, insertion of fictional matter, or interpretation
documentation	n.	confirmation that some fact or statement is true through the use of documentary evidence
documentation	n.	program listings or technical manuals describing the operation and use of programs
documentation	n.	documentary validation
documented	v.	record in detail
documented	v.	support or supply with references
documented	adj.	furnished with or supported by documents
documented	adj.	established as genuine
dod	n.	the federal department responsible for safeguarding national security of the United States; created in 1947
dodder	n.	a leafless annual parasitic vine of the genus Cuscuta having whitish or yellow filamentous stems; obtain nourishment through haustoria
dodder	v.	walk unsteadily
doddery	adj.	mentally or physically infirm with age
doddle	n.	an easy task
dodge	n.	an elaborate or deceitful scheme contrived to deceive or evade
dodge	n.	a quick evasive movement
dodge	n.	a statement that evades the question by cleverness or trickery
dodge	v.	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid
dodge	v.	move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course
dodge	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
dodgem	n.	a small low-powered electrically powered vehicle driven on a special platform where there are many others to be dodged
dodger	n.	a shifty deceptive person
dodger	n.	small oval cake of corn bread baked or fried (chiefly southern)
dodgson	n.	English author; Charles Dodgson was an Oxford don of mathematics who is remembered for the children's stories he wrote under the pen name Lewis Carroll (1832-1898)
dodgy	adj.	of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; - New Yorker
dodgy	adj.	marked by skill in deception
dodo	n.	someone whose style is out of fashion
dodo	n.	extinct heavy flightless bird of Mauritius related to pigeons
dodoma	n.	a city in the center of Tanzania that has been designated as the future capital
doe	n.	the federal department responsible for maintaining a national energy policy of the United States; created in 1977
doe	n.	mature female of mammals of which the male is called `buck'
doer	n.	a person who acts and gets things done
does	n.	the federal department responsible for maintaining a national energy policy of the United States; created in 1977
does	n.	mature female of mammals of which the male is called `buck'
does	v.	engage in
does	v.	carry out or perform an action
does	v.	get (something) done
does	v.	proceed or get along
does	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
does	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
does	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
does	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
does	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
does	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
does	v.	carry on or function
does	v.	arrange attractively
does	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
doeskin	n.	soft leather from deerskin or lambskin
doeskin	n.	a fine smooth soft woolen fabric
doff	v.	remove
dog	n.	a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds
dog	n.	a dull unattractive unpleasant girl or woman
dog	n.	informal term for a man
dog	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
dog	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
dog	n.	a hinged catch that fits into a notch of a ratchet to move a wheel forward or prevent it from moving backward
dog	n.	metal supports for logs in a fireplace
dog	v.	go after with the intent to catch
dogcart	n.	a cart drawn by a dog
doge	n.	formerly the chief magistrate in the republics of Venice and Genoa
dogfight	n.	a fiercely disputed contest
dogfight	n.	disorderly fighting
dogfight	n.	an aerial engagement between fighter planes
dogfight	n.	a violent fight between dogs (sometimes organized illegally for entertainment and gambling)
dogfight	v.	arrange for an illegal dogfight
dogfight	v.	engage in an aerial battle with another fighter plane
dogfish	n.	primitive long-bodied carnivorous freshwater fish with a very long dorsal fin; found in sluggish waters of North America
dogfish	n.	any of several small sharks
dogged	v.	go after with the intent to catch
dogged	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
doggedness	n.	persistent determination
doggerel	n.	a comic verse of irregular measure
dogging	v.	go after with the intent to catch
dogging	adj.	relentless and indefatigable in pursuit or as if in pursuit
doggy	n.	informal terms for dogs
doghouse	n.	outbuilding that serves as a shelter for a dog
doghouse	n.	an idiomatic term for being in disfavor
dogie	n.	motherless calf in a range herd of cattle
dogleg	n.	angle that resembles the hind leg of a dog
dogleg	n.	a golf hole with a sharp angle in the fairway
doglike	adj.	resembling a dog; especially in devotion
dogma	n.	a religious doctrine that is proclaimed as true without proof
dogma	n.	a doctrine or code of beliefs accepted as authoritative
dogmatic	adj.	characterized by assertion of unproved or unprovable principles
dogmatic	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of a doctrine or code of beliefs accepted as authoritative
dogmatic	adj.	relating to or involving dogma
dogmatically	adv.	in a narrow-minded dogmatic manner
dogmatism	n.	the intolerance and prejudice of a bigot
dogmatist	n.	a stubborn person of arbitrary or arrogant opinions
dogsbody	n.	a worker who has to do all the unpleasant or boring jobs that no one else wants to do
dogsled	n.	a sled pulled by dogs
dogsled	v.	travel with a dogsled
dogtrot	n.	a steady trot like that of a dog
dogwood	n.	a tree of shrub of the genus Cornus often having showy bracts resembling flowers
dogwood	n.	hard tough wood of any dogwood of the genus Cornus; resembles boxwood
doha	n.	the capital and chief port of Qatar
doily	n.	a small round piece of linen placed under a dish or bowl
doing	v.	engage in
doing	v.	carry out or perform an action
doing	v.	get (something) done
doing	v.	proceed or get along
doing	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
doing	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
doing	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
doing	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
doing	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
doing	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
doing	v.	carry on or function
doing	v.	arrange attractively
doing	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
dolby	n.	United States electrical engineer who devised the Dolby system used to reduce background noise in tape recording
doldrums	n.	a state of inactivity (in business or art etc)
doldrums	n.	a belt of calms and light winds between the northern and southern trade winds of the Atlantic and Pacific
dole	n.	a share of money or food or clothing that has been charitably given
dole	n.	money received from the state
doleful	adj.	filled with or evoking sadness
dolefulness	n.	sadness caused by grief or affliction
doll	n.	a small replica of a person; used as a toy
doll	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
dollar	n.	the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100 cents
dollar	n.	a piece of paper money worth one dollar
dollar	n.	a United States coin worth one dollar
dollar	n.	a symbol of commercialism or greed
dollhouse	n.	a house so small that it is likened to a child's plaything
dollhouse	n.	a small model of a house used as a toy by children
dollop	n.	a small measure (usually of food)
dolly	n.	conveyance consisting of a wheeled support on which a camera can be mounted
dolly	n.	conveyance consisting of a wheeled platform for moving heavy objects
dolly	n.	a small replica of a person; used as a toy
dolmen	n.	a prehistoric megalithic tomb typically having two large upright stones and a capstone
dolmen	n.	a hussar's jacket worn over the shoulders
dolmen	n.	a woman's cloak with dolman sleeves
dolomite	n.	a kind of sedimentary rock resembling marble or limestone but rich in magnesium carbonate
dolomite	n.	a light colored mineral consisting of calcium magnesium carbonate; a source of magnesium; used as a ceramic and as fertilizer
dolor	n.	(poetry) painful grief
dolorous	adj.	showing sorrow
dolphin	n.	large slender food and game fish widely distributed in warm seas (especially around Hawaii)
dolphin	n.	any of various small toothed whales with a beaklike snout; larger than porpoises
dolt	n.	a person who is not very bright
doltish	adj.	heavy and dull and stupid
domain	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
domain	n.	territory over which rule or control is exercised
domain	n.	(mathematics) the set of values of the independent variable for which a function is defined
domain	n.	people in general; especially a distinctive group of people with some shared interest
domain	n.	the content of a particular field of knowledge
dome	n.	a concave shape whose distinguishing characteristic is that the concavity faces downward
dome	n.	informal terms for a human head
dome	n.	a stadium that has a roof
dome	n.	a hemispherical roof
domestic	n.	a servant who is paid to perform menial tasks around the household
domestic	adj.	of concern to or concerning the internal affairs of a nation
domestic	adj.	of or relating to the home
domestic	adj.	of or involving the home or family
domestic	adj.	converted or adapted to domestic use
domestic	adj.	produced in a particular country
domestically	adv.	with respect to the internal affairs of a government
domestically	adv.	with respect to home or family
domesticate	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
domesticate	v.	overcome the wildness of; make docile and tractable
domesticate	v.	make fit for cultivation, domestic life, and service to humans
domesticated	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
domesticated	v.	overcome the wildness of; make docile and tractable
domesticated	v.	make fit for cultivation, domestic life, and service to humans
domesticated	adj.	converted or adapted to domestic use
domesticated	adj.	accustomed to home life
domestication	n.	adaptation to intimate association with human beings
domestication	n.	the attribute of having been domesticated
domestication	n.	accommodation to domestic life
domesticity	n.	the quality of being domestic or domesticated
domesticity	n.	domestic activities or life
domicile	n.	(law) the residence where you have your permanent home or principal establishment and to where, whenever you are absent, you intend to return; every person is compelled to have one and only one domicile at a time
domicile	n.	housing that someone is living in
domicile	v.	make one's home in a particular place or community
domiciliary	adj.	of or relating to or provided in a domicile
dominance	n.	superior development of one side of the body
dominance	n.	the state that exists when one person or group has power over another
dominance	n.	the organic phenomenon in which one of a pair of alleles present in a genotype is expressed in the phenotype and the other allele of the pair is not
dominance	n.	the power or right to give orders or make decisions
dominant	n.	(music) the fifth note of the diatonic scale
dominant	n.	an allele that produces the same phenotype whether its paired allele is identical or different
dominant	adj.	exercising influence or control
dominant	adj.	(of genes) producing the same phenotype whether its allele is identical or dissimilar
dominant	adj.	most frequent or common
dominate	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
dominate	v.	be in control
dominate	v.	have dominance or the power to defeat over
dominate	v.	be greater in significance than
dominate	v.	look down on
domination	n.	social control by dominating
domination	n.	power to dominate or defeat
dominatrix	n.	a dominating woman (especially one who plays that role in a sadomasochistic sexual relationship)
domineer	v.	rule or exercise power over (somebody) in a cruel and autocratic manner
domineering	v.	rule or exercise power over (somebody) in a cruel and autocratic manner
domineering	adj.	tending to domineer
domingo	n.	Spanish operatic tenor noted for performances in operas by Verdi and Puccini (born in 1941)
dominic	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) Spanish priest who founded an order whose members became known as Dominicans or Black Friars (circa 1170-1221)
dominica	n.	a country on the island of Dominica
dominica	n.	a volcanic island in the Windward Islands that was once a stronghold of the Carib Indians
dominican	n.	a Roman Catholic friar wearing the black mantle of the Dominican order
dominican	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Dominican Republic
dominican	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Dominican Republic or its people
dominican	adj.	of or relating to Saint Dominic or the Dominican order
dominick	n.	American breed of chicken having barred grey plumage raised for meat and brown eggs
dominion	n.	dominance or power through legal authority
dominion	n.	a region marked off for administrative or other purposes
dominion	n.	one of the self-governing nations in the British Commonwealth
dominique	n.	American breed of chicken having barred grey plumage raised for meat and brown eggs
domino	n.	United States rhythm and blues pianist and singer and composer (born in 1928)
domino	n.	a loose hooded cloak worn with a half mask as part of a masquerade costume
domino	n.	a mask covering the upper part of the face but with holes for the eyes
domino	n.	a small rectangular block used in playing the game of dominoes; the face of each block has two equal areas that can bear 0 to 6 dots
dominoes	n.	any of several games played with small rectangular blocks
dominoes	n.	United States rhythm and blues pianist and singer and composer (born in 1928)
dominoes	n.	a loose hooded cloak worn with a half mask as part of a masquerade costume
dominoes	n.	a mask covering the upper part of the face but with holes for the eyes
dominoes	n.	a small rectangular block used in playing the game of dominoes; the face of each block has two equal areas that can bear 0 to 6 dots
domitian	n.	Emperor of Rome; son of Vespasian who succeeded his brother Titus; instigated a reign of terror and was assassinated as a tyrant (51-96)
don	n.	a Spanish gentleman or nobleman
don	n.	teacher at a university or college (especially at Cambridge or Oxford)
don	n.	the head of an organized crime family
don	n.	Celtic goddess; mother of Gwydion and Arianrhod; corresponds to Irish Danu
don	n.	a European river in southwestern Russia; flows into the Sea of Azov
don	n.	a Spanish courtesy title or form of address for men that is prefixed to the forename
don	v.	put clothing on one's body
dona	n.	a Spanish courtesy title or form of address for a woman
donate	v.	give to a charity or good cause
donatello	n.	Florentine sculptor famous for his lifelike sculptures (1386-1466)
donation	n.	a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause
donation	n.	act of giving in common with others for a common purpose especially to a charity
done	v.	engage in
done	v.	carry out or perform an action
done	v.	get (something) done
done	v.	proceed or get along
done	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
done	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
done	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
done	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
done	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
done	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
done	v.	carry on or function
done	v.	arrange attractively
done	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
done	adj.	having finished or arrived at completion
done	adj.	cooked until ready to serve
donetsk	n.	an industrial city in the Donets Basin
dong	n.	the basic unit of money in Vietnam
dong	v.	go `ding dong', like a bell
dongle	n.	(computer science) an electronic device that must be attached to a computer in order for it to use protected software
donizetti	n.	Italian composer of operas (1797-1848)
donkey	n.	the symbol of the Democratic Party; introduced in cartoons by Thomas Nast in 1874
donkey	n.	domestic beast of burden descended from the African wild ass; patient but stubborn
donna	n.	an Italian woman of rank
donne	n.	English clergyman and metaphysical poet celebrated as a preacher (1572-1631)
donned	v.	put clothing on one's body
donning	v.	put clothing on one's body
donnish	adj.	marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspects
donor	n.	person who makes a gift of property
donor	n.	(medicine) someone who gives blood or tissue or an organ to be used in another person (the host)
donuts	n.	a small ring-shaped friedcake
doodad	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
doodle	n.	an aimless drawing
doodle	v.	make a doodle; draw aimlessly
doodlebug	n.	a small motor vehicle
doodlebug	n.	a small jet-propelled winged missile that carries a bomb
doodlebug	n.	the larva of any of several insects
doohickey	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
doolittle	n.	United States Air Force officer who electrified the world in 1942 by leading a squadron of 16 bombers on a daylight raid over Tokyo (1896-1993)
doom	n.	an unpleasant or disastrous destiny
doom	v.	decree or designate beforehand
doom	v.	pronounce a sentence on (somebody) in a court of law
doom	v.	make certain of the failure or destruction of
doomsday	n.	(New Testament) day at the end of time following Armageddon when God will decree the fates of all individual humans according to the good and evil of their earthly lives
doomsday	n.	an unpleasant or disastrous destiny
door	n.	a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the entrance to a room or building or vehicle
door	n.	the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close
door	n.	anything providing a means of access (or escape)
door	n.	a structure where people live or work (usually ordered along a street or road)
door	n.	a room that is entered via a door
doorbell	n.	a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pushed
doorjamb	n.	a jamb for a door
doorkeeper	n.	an official stationed at the entrance of a courtroom or legislative chamber
doorkeeper	n.	the lowest of the minor Holy Orders in the unreformed Western Church but now suppressed by the Roman Catholic Church
doorkeeper	n.	someone who guards an entrance
doorknob	n.	a knob used to release the catch when opening a door (often called `doorhandle' in Great Britain)
doorknocker	n.	a device (usually metal and ornamental) attached by a hinge to a door
doorman	n.	someone who guards an entrance
doormat	n.	a person who is physically weak and ineffectual
doormat	n.	a mat placed outside an exterior door for wiping the shoes before entering
doormen	n.	someone who guards an entrance
doorplate	n.	a nameplate fastened to a door; indicates the person who works or lives there
doorpost	n.	a jamb for a door
doorstep	n.	the sill of a door; a horizontal piece of wood or stone that forms the bottom of a doorway and offers support when passing through a doorway
doorstop	n.	a stop that keeps open doors from moving
doorway	n.	the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close
dooryard	n.	a yard outside the front or rear door of a house
dopa	n.	amino acid that is formed in the liver and converted into dopamine in the brain
dopamine	n.	a monoamine neurotransmitter found in the brain and essential for the normal functioning of the central nervous system; as a drug (trade names Dopastat and Intropin) it is used to treat shock and hypotension
dope	n.	street names for marijuana
dope	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
dope	n.	carbonated drink flavored with extract from kola nuts (`dope' is a southernism in the United States)
dope	n.	slang terms for inside information
dope	v.	take drugs to improve one's athletic performance
dope	v.	add impurities to (a semiconductor) in order to produce or modify its properties
dope	v.	give a narcotic to
dopey	adj.	having or revealing stupidity
dopier	adj.	having or revealing stupidity
dopiest	adj.	having or revealing stupidity
doping	v.	take drugs to improve one's athletic performance
doping	v.	add impurities to (a semiconductor) in order to produce or modify its properties
doping	v.	give a narcotic to
doppelganger	n.	a ghostly double of a living person that haunts its living counterpart
doppler	n.	Austrian physicist famous for his discovery of the Doppler effect (1803-1853)
dorian	n.	a member of one of four linguistic divisions of the prehistoric Greeks
dorian	n.	the ancient Greek inhabitants of Doris who entered Greece from the north about 1100 BC
dorian	adj.	of or relating to the ancient Greek inhabitants of Doris, to their Doric dialect of Greek, or to their culture
doric	n.	the dialect of Ancient Greek spoken in Doris
doric	adj.	of or pertaining to the Doric style of architecture
doris	n.	(Greek mythology) wife of Nereus and mother of the Nereids
doris	n.	a small region of ancient Greece where the Doric dialect was spoken
dork	n.	a dull stupid fatuous person
dorm	n.	a college or university building containing living quarters for students
dormancy	n.	a state of quiet (but possibly temporary) inaction
dormancy	n.	quiet and inactive restfulness
dormant	adj.	in a condition of biological rest or suspended animation
dormant	adj.	(of e.g. volcanos) not erupting and not extinct
dormant	adj.	lying with head on paws as if sleeping
dormant	adj.	inactive but capable of becoming active
dormer	n.	a gabled extension built out from a sloping roof to accommodate a vertical window
dormice	n.	small furry-tailed squirrel-like Old World rodent that becomes torpid in cold weather
dormitory	n.	a college or university building containing living quarters for students
dormitory	n.	a large sleeping room containing several beds
dormouse	n.	small furry-tailed squirrel-like Old World rodent that becomes torpid in cold weather
dorsal	adj.	belonging to or on or near the back or upper surface of an animal or organ or part
dorsal	adj.	facing away from the axis of an organ or organism
dortmund	n.	an industrial city in northwestern Germany; flourished from the 13th to 17th century as a member of the Hanseatic League
dory	n.	a small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled
dory	n.	pike-like freshwater perches
dory	n.	marine fishes widely distributed in mid-waters and deep slope waters
dos	n.	the federal department in the United States that sets and maintains foreign policies
dos	n.	an operating system that is on a disk
dos	n.	an uproarious party
dos	n.	the syllable naming the first (tonic) note of any major scale in solmization
dos	n.	doctor's degree in osteopathy
dos	v.	engage in
dos	v.	carry out or perform an action
dos	v.	get (something) done
dos	v.	proceed or get along
dos	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
dos	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
dos	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
dos	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
dos	v.	behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself
dos	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
dos	v.	carry on or function
dos	v.	arrange attractively
dos	v.	travel or traverse (a distance)
dosage	n.	the quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at any one time
dosage	n.	a measured portion of medicine taken at any one time
dose	n.	a measured portion of medicine taken at any one time
dose	n.	the quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at any one time
dose	n.	a communicable infection transmitted by sexual intercourse or genital contact
dose	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
dose	v.	treat with an agent; add (an agent) to
dose	v.	administer a drug to
dosimeter	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring doses of ionizing radiation (X-rays or radioactivity)
doss	n.	the federal department in the United States that sets and maintains foreign policies
doss	n.	an operating system that is on a disk
doss	v.	sleep in a convenient place
dosshouse	n.	a cheap lodging house
dossier	n.	a collection of papers containing detailed information about a particular person or subject (usually a person's record)
dostoevsky	n.	Russian novelist who wrote of human suffering with humor and psychological insight (1821-1881)
dot	n.	a very small circular shape
dot	n.	the United States federal department that institutes and coordinates national transportation programs; created in 1966
dot	n.	the shorter of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code
dot	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
dot	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
dot	v.	distribute loosely
dot	v.	make a dot or dots
dot	v.	mark with a dot
dotage	n.	mental infirmity as a consequence of old age; sometimes shown by foolish infatuations
dotard	n.	an oldster in his dotage; someone whose age has impaired his intellect
dote	v.	be foolish or senile due to old age
dote	v.	shower with love; show excessive affection for
doting	v.	be foolish or senile due to old age
doting	v.	shower with love; show excessive affection for
doting	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
doting	v.	distribute loosely
doting	v.	make a dot or dots
doting	v.	mark with a dot
doting	adj.	extravagantly or foolishly loving and indulgent
dotted	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
dotted	v.	distribute loosely
dotted	v.	make a dot or dots
dotted	v.	mark with a dot
dotted	adj.	having a pattern of dots
dotted	adj.	having gaps or spaces
dotting	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
dotting	v.	distribute loosely
dotting	v.	make a dot or dots
dotting	v.	mark with a dot
dotty	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
dotty	adj.	intensely enthusiastic about or preoccupied with
douala	n.	the largest city of Cameroon
double	n.	a base hit on which the batter stops safely at second base
double	n.	a stand-in for movie stars to perform dangerous stunts
double	n.	someone who closely resembles a famous person (especially an actor)
double	n.	a quantity that is twice as great as another
double	n.	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2
double	v.	increase twofold
double	v.	hit a two-base hit
double	v.	bend over or curl up, usually with laughter or pain
double	v.	do double duty; serve two purposes or have two functions
double	v.	bridge: make a demand for (a card or suit)
double	v.	make or do or perform again
double	adj.	having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; ; - R.W.Emerson; -Frederick Harrison
double	adj.	consisting of or involving two parts or components usually in pairs
double	adj.	twice as great or many
double	adj.	used of flowers having more than the usual number of petals in crowded or overlapping arrangements
double	adj.	used of homologous chromosomes associated in pairs in synapsis
double	adj.	large enough for two
double	adj.	having two meanings with intent to deceive
double	adv.	downward and forward
double	adv.	two together
double	adv.	to double the degree
doubleheader	n.	two games instead of one (especially in baseball when the same two teams play two games on the same day)
doublespeak	n.	any language that pretends to communicate but actually does not
doublet	n.	a man's close-fitting jacket; worn during the Renaissance
doubloon	n.	a former Spanish gold coin
doubly	adv.	to double the degree
doubly	adv.	in a twofold manner
doubt	n.	the state of being unsure of something
doubt	n.	uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something
doubt	v.	consider unlikely or have doubts about
doubt	v.	lack confidence in or have doubts about
doubter	n.	someone who habitually doubts accepted beliefs
doubter	n.	someone who is doubtful or noncommittal about something
doubtful	adj.	open to doubt or suspicion; ; ; ; - Karen Horney
doubtful	adj.	fraught with uncertainty or doubt
doubtful	adj.	unsettled in mind or opinion
doubtfulness	n.	the state of being unsure of something
doubtfulness	n.	uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something
doubting	v.	consider unlikely or have doubts about
doubting	v.	lack confidence in or have doubts about
doubting	adj.	marked by or given to doubt
doubtless	adv.	without doubt; certainly
douche	n.	a small syringe with detachable nozzles; used for vaginal lavage and enemas
douche	n.	irrigation with a jet of water or medicated solution into or around a body part (especially the vagina) to treat infections or cleanse from odorous contents
douche	v.	direct a spray of water into a bodily cavity, for cleaning
dough	n.	a flour mixture stiff enough to knead or roll
dough	n.	informal terms for money
doughnut	n.	a toroidal shape
doughnut	n.	a small ring-shaped friedcake
doughy	adj.	having the consistency of dough because of insufficient leavening or improper cooking
douglas	n.	United States politician who proposed that individual territories be allowed to decide whether they would have slavery; he engaged in a famous series of debates with Abraham Lincoln (1813-1861)
douglass	n.	United States abolitionist who escaped from slavery and became an influential writer and lecturer in the North (1817-1895)
douglass	n.	United States politician who proposed that individual territories be allowed to decide whether they would have slavery; he engaged in a famous series of debates with Abraham Lincoln (1813-1861)
dour	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
dour	adj.	harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; ; ; ; - J.M.Barrie
dour	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
douse	v.	put out, as of a candle or a light
douse	v.	wet thoroughly
douse	v.	dip into a liquid
douse	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
douse	v.	lower quickly
douse	v.	slacken
douse	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
dove	n.	any of numerous small pigeons
dove	n.	someone who prefers negotiations to armed conflict in the conduct of foreign relations
dove	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Puppis and Caelum
dove	n.	flesh of a pigeon suitable for roasting or braising; flesh of a dove (young squab) may be broiled
dove	n.	an emblem of peace
dove	v.	drop steeply
dove	v.	plunge into water
dove	v.	swim under water
dovecote	n.	a birdhouse for pigeons
dover	n.	the capital of the state of Delaware
dovetail	n.	a mortise joint formed by interlocking tenons and mortises
dovetail	v.	fit together tightly, as if by means of a dovetail
dovish	adj.	opposed to war
dowager	n.	a widow holding property received from her deceased husband
dowdily	adv.	in a dowdy unfashionable manner
dowdiness	n.	having a drab or dowdy quality; lacking stylishness or elegance
dowdy	n.	British marshal of the RAF who commanded the British air defense forces that defeated the Luftwaffe during the Battle of Britain (1882-1970)
dowdy	n.	deep-dish apple dessert covered with a rich crust
dowdy	adj.	lacking in smartness or taste
dowdy	adj.	primly out of date
dowel	n.	a fastener that is inserted into holes in two adjacent pieces and holds them together
dower	n.	money or property brought by a woman to her husband at marriage
dower	n.	a life estate to which a wife is entitled on the death of her husband
dower	v.	furnish with an endowment
down	n.	soft fine feathers
down	n.	(American football) a complete play to advance the football
down	n.	English physician who first described Down's syndrome (1828-1896)
down	n.	(usually plural) a rolling treeless highland with little soil
down	n.	fine soft dense hair (as the fine short hair of cattle or deer or the wool of sheep or the undercoat of certain dogs)
down	v.	drink down entirely
down	v.	eat immoderately
down	v.	bring down or defeat (an opponent)
down	v.	shoot at and force to come down
down	v.	cause to come or go down
down	v.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
down	adj.	being or moving lower in position or less in some value
down	adj.	extending or moving from a higher to a lower place
down	adj.	becoming progressively lower
down	adj.	being put out by a strikeout
down	adj.	understood perfectly
down	adj.	lower than previously
down	adj.	shut
down	adj.	not functioning (temporarily or permanently)
down	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
down	adv.	spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a lower level or position
down	adv.	away from a more central or a more northerly place
down	adv.	paid in cash at time of purchase
down	adv.	from an earlier time
down	adv.	to a lower intensity
down	adv.	in an inactive or inoperative state
downbeat	n.	the first beat of a musical measure (as the conductor's arm moves downward)
downcast	n.	a ventilation shaft through which air enters a mine
downcast	adj.	directed downward
downcast	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
downdraft	n.	a strong downward air current
downer	n.	a drug that reduces excitability and calms a person
downfall	n.	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation
downfall	n.	the falling to earth of any form of water (rain or snow or hail or sleet or mist)
downfall	n.	a sudden decline in strength or number or importance
downfield	adj.	toward or in the defending team's end of the playing field
downfield	adv.	toward or in the defending team's end of the playing field
downgrade	n.	the property possessed by a slope or surface that descends
downgrade	v.	rate lower; lower in value or esteem
downhearted	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
downheartedness	n.	a feeling of low spirits
downhill	n.	the downward slope of a hill
downhill	n.	a ski race down a trail
downhill	adj.	sloping down rather steeply
downhill	adv.	toward a lower or inferior state
downhill	adv.	toward the bottom of a hill
download	v.	transfer a file or program from a central computer to a smaller computer or to a computer at a remote location
downmarket	adj.	designed for low-income consumers
downplay	v.	represent as less significant or important
downplay	v.	understate the importance or quality of
downpour	n.	a heavy rain
downright	adj.	characterized by plain blunt honesty
downright	adj.	complete and without restriction or qualification; sometimes used informally as intensifiers
downright	adv.	thoroughgoing
downriver	adv.	away from the source or with the current
downs	n.	soft fine feathers
downs	n.	(American football) a complete play to advance the football
downs	n.	English physician who first described Down's syndrome (1828-1896)
downs	n.	(usually plural) a rolling treeless highland with little soil
downs	n.	fine soft dense hair (as the fine short hair of cattle or deer or the wool of sheep or the undercoat of certain dogs)
downs	v.	drink down entirely
downs	v.	eat immoderately
downs	v.	bring down or defeat (an opponent)
downs	v.	shoot at and force to come down
downs	v.	cause to come or go down
downs	v.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
downscale	adj.	intended for people with low incomes
downshift	n.	a change from a financially rewarding but stressful career to a less well paid but more fulfilling one
downshift	n.	a change to a lower gear in a car or bicycle
downside	n.	a negative aspect of something that is generally positive
downsize	v.	dismiss from work
downsize	v.	make in a smaller size
downsize	v.	reduce in size or number
downsizing	n.	the reduction of expenditures in order to become financially stable
downsizing	v.	dismiss from work
downsizing	v.	make in a smaller size
downsizing	v.	reduce in size or number
downstage	n.	the front half of the stage (as seen from the audience)
downstage	adj.	of the front half of a stage
downstage	adv.	at or toward the front of the stage
downstairs	adj.	on or of lower floors of a building
downstairs	adv.	on a floor below
downstream	adj.	in the direction of a stream's current
downstream	adv.	away from the source or with the current
downswing	n.	a swing downward of a golf club
downswing	n.	a worsening of business or economic activity
downtime	n.	a period of time when something (as a machine or factory) is not operating (especially as a result of malfunctions)
downtown	n.	the central area or commercial center of a town or city
downtown	adj.	of or located in the lower part of a town, or in the business center
downtown	adv.	toward or in the lower or central part of town
downtrodden	adj.	abused or oppressed by people in power
downturn	n.	a worsening of business or economic activity
downward	adj.	extending or moving from a higher to a lower place
downward	adj.	on or toward a surface regarded as a base
downward	adv.	spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a lower level or position
downwind	adj.	towards the side away from the wind
downwind	adv.	with the wind; in the direction the wind is blowing
downwind	adv.	away from the wind
downy	adj.	like down or as soft as down
downy	adj.	covered with fine soft hairs or down
dowry	n.	money or property brought by a woman to her husband at marriage
dowse	n.	searching for underground water or minerals by using a dowsing rod
dowse	v.	wet thoroughly
dowse	v.	use a divining rod in search of underground water or metal
dowse	v.	slacken
dowse	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
dowser	n.	someone who uses a divining rod to find underground water
dowser	n.	forked stick that is said to dip down to indicate underground water or oil
doxology	n.	a hymn or verse in Christian liturgy glorifying God
doyen	n.	a man who is the senior member of a group
doyenne	n.	a woman who is the senior member of a group
doze	n.	a light fitful sleep
doze	v.	sleep lightly or for a short period of time
dozen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
dozen	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units
dozy	adj.	half asleep
dp	n.	a person forced to flee from home or country
drab	n.	a dull greyish to yellowish or light olive brown
drab	adj.	lacking in liveliness or charm or surprise
drab	adj.	lacking brightness or color; dull
drab	adj.	of a light brownish green color
drab	adj.	causing dejection
drabber	adj.	lacking in liveliness or charm or surprise
drabber	adj.	lacking brightness or color; dull
drabber	adj.	of a light brownish green color
drabber	adj.	causing dejection
drabbest	adj.	lacking in liveliness or charm or surprise
drabbest	adj.	lacking brightness or color; dull
drabbest	adj.	of a light brownish green color
drabbest	adj.	causing dejection
drabness	n.	having a drab or dowdy quality; lacking stylishness or elegance
drachma	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to an eighth of an ounce or to 60 grains
drachma	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Greece
draco	n.	Athenian lawmaker whose code of laws prescribed death for almost every offense (circa 7th century BC)
draco	n.	a faint constellation twisting around the north celestial pole and lying between Ursa Major and Cepheus
draco	n.	a reptile genus known as flying dragons or flying lizards
draconian	adj.	of or relating to Draco or his harsh code of laws
dracula	n.	comprises tropical American species usually placed in genus Masdevallia: diminutive plants having bizarre and often sinister-looking flowers with pendulous scapes and motile lips
dracula	n.	fictional vampire in a gothic horror novel by Bram Stoker
draft	n.	a document ordering the payment of money; drawn by one person or bank on another
draft	n.	a current of air (usually coming into a chimney or room or vehicle)
draft	n.	a preliminary sketch of a design or picture
draft	n.	a serving of drink (usually alcoholic) drawn from a keg
draft	n.	any of the various versions in the development of a written work
draft	n.	the depth of a vessel's keel below the surface (especially when loaded)
draft	n.	a regulator for controlling the flow of air in a fireplace
draft	n.	a dose of liquid medicine
draft	n.	compulsory military service
draft	n.	a large and hurried swallow
draft	n.	the act of moving a load by drawing or pulling
draft	v.	draw up an outline or sketch for something
draft	v.	engage somebody to enter the army
draft	v.	make a blueprint of
draftee	n.	someone who is drafted into military service
drafter	n.	a writer of a draft
drafting	n.	writing a first version to be filled out and polished later
drafting	n.	the craft of drawing blueprints
drafting	n.	the creation of artistic pictures or diagrams
drafting	v.	draw up an outline or sketch for something
drafting	v.	engage somebody to enter the army
drafting	v.	make a blueprint of
draftsman	n.	a skilled worker who draws plans of buildings or machines
draftsman	n.	an artist skilled at drawing
draftsmanship	n.	the creation of artistic pictures or diagrams
draftsmen	n.	a skilled worker who draws plans of buildings or machines
draftsmen	n.	an artist skilled at drawing
drafty	adj.	not airtight
drag	n.	the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid
drag	n.	something that slows or delays progress
drag	n.	something tedious and boring
drag	n.	clothing that is conventionally worn by the opposite sex (especially women's clothing when worn by a man)
drag	n.	a slow inhalation (as of tobacco smoke)
drag	n.	the act of dragging (pulling with force)
drag	v.	pull, as against a resistance
drag	v.	draw slowly or heavily
drag	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
drag	v.	move slowly and as if with great effort
drag	v.	to lag or linger behind
drag	v.	suck in or take (air)
drag	v.	use a computer mouse to move icons on the screen and select commands from a menu
drag	v.	walk without lifting the feet
drag	v.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost
drag	v.	persuade to come away from something attractive or interesting
drag	v.	proceed for an extended period of time
dragged	v.	pull, as against a resistance
dragged	v.	draw slowly or heavily
dragged	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
dragged	v.	move slowly and as if with great effort
dragged	v.	to lag or linger behind
dragged	v.	suck in or take (air)
dragged	v.	use a computer mouse to move icons on the screen and select commands from a menu
dragged	v.	walk without lifting the feet
dragged	v.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost
dragged	v.	persuade to come away from something attractive or interesting
dragged	v.	proceed for an extended period of time
dragging	v.	pull, as against a resistance
dragging	v.	draw slowly or heavily
dragging	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
dragging	v.	move slowly and as if with great effort
dragging	v.	to lag or linger behind
dragging	v.	suck in or take (air)
dragging	v.	use a computer mouse to move icons on the screen and select commands from a menu
dragging	v.	walk without lifting the feet
dragging	v.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost
dragging	v.	persuade to come away from something attractive or interesting
dragging	v.	proceed for an extended period of time
dragging	adj.	marked by a painfully slow and effortful manner
dragnet	n.	a system of coordinated measures for apprehending (criminals or other individuals)
dragnet	n.	a conical fishnet dragged through the water at great depths
dragon	n.	a creature of Teutonic mythology; usually represented as breathing fire and having a reptilian body and sometimes wings
dragon	n.	a fiercely vigilant and unpleasant woman
dragon	n.	a faint constellation twisting around the north celestial pole and lying between Ursa Major and Cepheus
dragon	n.	any of several small tropical Asian lizards capable of gliding by spreading winglike membranes on each side of the body
dragonfly	n.	slender-bodied non-stinging insect having iridescent wings that are outspread at rest; adults and nymphs feed on mosquitoes etc.
dragoon	n.	a member of a European military unit formerly composed of heavily armed cavalrymen
dragoon	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
dragoon	v.	subjugate by imposing troops
drain	n.	emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it
drain	n.	tube inserted into a body cavity (as during surgery) to remove unwanted material
drain	n.	a pipe through which liquid is carried away
drain	n.	a gradual depletion of energy or resources
drain	v.	flow off gradually
drain	v.	deplete of resources
drain	v.	empty of liquid; drain the liquid from
drain	v.	make weak
drainage	n.	emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it
drainboard	n.	a board beside a kitchen sink and inclined to drain into the sink
drainpipe	n.	a pipe through which liquid is carried away
drake	n.	English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate the globe and who helped to defeat the Spanish Armada (1540-1596)
drake	n.	adult male of a wild or domestic duck
dram	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to an eighth of an ounce or to 60 grains
dram	n.	1/16 ounce or 1.771 grams
dram	n.	the basic unit of money in Armenia
drama	n.	a dramatic work intended for performance by actors on a stage
drama	n.	an episode that is turbulent or highly emotional
drama	n.	the literary genre of works intended for the theater
drama	n.	the quality of being arresting or highly emotional
dramamine	n.	antihistamine and antiemetic (trade name Dramamine) used to treat motion sickness
dramatic	adj.	suitable to or characteristic of drama
dramatic	adj.	sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect
dramatic	adj.	pertaining to or characteristic of drama
dramatic	adj.	used of a singer or singing voice that is marked by power and expressiveness and a histrionic or theatrical style
dramatically	adv.	in a very impressive manner
dramatically	adv.	in a dramatic manner
dramatically	adv.	with respect to dramatic value
dramatics	n.	participation in theatrical productions as an extracurricular activity
dramatics	n.	the art of writing and producing plays
dramatist	n.	someone who writes plays
dramatization	n.	conversion into dramatic form
dramatization	n.	a dramatic representation
dramatize	v.	put into dramatic form
dramatize	v.	represent something in a dramatic manner
dramatize	v.	add details to
drambuie	n.	a sweet Scotch whisky liqueur
drank	v.	take in liquids
drank	v.	consume alcohol
drank	v.	propose a toast to
drank	v.	be fascinated or spell-bound by; pay close attention to
drank	v.	drink excessive amounts of alcohol; be an alcoholic
drape	n.	hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)
drape	n.	the manner in which fabric hangs or falls
drape	n.	a sterile covering arranged over a patient's body during a medical examination or during surgery in order to reduce the possibility of contamination
drape	v.	arrange in a particular way
drape	v.	place casually
drape	v.	cover as if with clothing
drape	v.	cover or dress loosely with cloth
draper	n.	a dealer in fabrics and sewing materials (and sometimes in clothing and drygoods)
drapery	n.	hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)
drapery	n.	cloth gracefully draped and arranged in loose folds
drastic	adj.	forceful and extreme and rigorous
drastically	adv.	in a drastic manner
dravidian	n.	a member of one of the aboriginal races of India (pushed south by Caucasians and now mixed with them)
dravidian	n.	a large family of languages spoken in south and central India and Sri Lanka
draw	n.	a gully that is shallower than a ravine
draw	n.	an entertainer who attracts large audiences
draw	n.	the finish of a contest in which the score is tied and the winner is undecided
draw	n.	anything (straws or pebbles etc.) taken or chosen at random
draw	n.	a playing card or cards dealt or taken from the pack
draw	n.	a golf shot that curves to the left for a right-handed golfer
draw	n.	(American football) the quarterback moves back as if to pass and then hands the ball to the fullback who is running toward the line of scrimmage
draw	n.	poker in which a player can discard cards and receive substitutes from the dealer
draw	n.	the act of drawing or hauling something
draw	v.	cause to move by pulling
draw	v.	get or derive
draw	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
draw	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
draw	v.	bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover
draw	v.	represent by making a drawing of, as with a pencil, chalk, etc. on a surface
draw	v.	take liquid out of a container or well
draw	v.	give a description of
draw	v.	select or take in from a given group or region
draw	v.	elicit responses, such as objections, criticism, applause, etc.
draw	v.	suck in or take (air)
draw	v.	move or go steadily or gradually
draw	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
draw	v.	choose at random
draw	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
draw	v.	bring or lead someone to a certain action or condition
draw	v.	cause to flow
draw	v.	write a legal document or paper
draw	v.	engage in drawing
draw	v.	move or pull so as to cover or uncover something
draw	v.	allow a draft
draw	v.	require a specified depth for floating
draw	v.	pull (a person) apart with four horses tied to his extremities, so as to execute him
draw	v.	cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense
draw	v.	take in, also metaphorically
draw	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
draw	v.	thread on or as if on a string
draw	v.	stretch back a bowstring (on an archer's bow)
draw	v.	pass over, across, or through
draw	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
draw	v.	contract
draw	v.	reduce the diameter of (a wire or metal rod) by pulling it through a die
draw	v.	steep; pass through a strainer
draw	v.	remove the entrails of
draw	v.	flatten, stretch, or mold metal or glass, by rolling or by pulling it through a die or by stretching
draw	v.	cause to localize at one point
drawback	n.	the quality of being a hindrance
drawbridge	n.	a bridge that can be raised to block passage or to allow boats or ships to pass beneath it
drawer	n.	a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out
drawer	n.	the person who writes a check or draft instructing the drawee to pay someone else
drawer	n.	an artist skilled at drawing
drawing	n.	an illustration that is drawn by hand and published in a book, magazine, or newspaper
drawing	n.	a representation of forms or objects on a surface by means of lines
drawing	n.	the creation of artistic pictures or diagrams
drawing	n.	players buy (or are given) chances and prizes are distributed by casting lots
drawing	n.	act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source
drawing	n.	the act of moving a load by drawing or pulling
drawing	v.	cause to move by pulling
drawing	v.	get or derive
drawing	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
drawing	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
drawing	v.	bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover
drawing	v.	represent by making a drawing of, as with a pencil, chalk, etc. on a surface
drawing	v.	take liquid out of a container or well
drawing	v.	give a description of
drawing	v.	select or take in from a given group or region
drawing	v.	elicit responses, such as objections, criticism, applause, etc.
drawing	v.	suck in or take (air)
drawing	v.	move or go steadily or gradually
drawing	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
drawing	v.	choose at random
drawing	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
drawing	v.	bring or lead someone to a certain action or condition
drawing	v.	cause to flow
drawing	v.	write a legal document or paper
drawing	v.	engage in drawing
drawing	v.	move or pull so as to cover or uncover something
drawing	v.	allow a draft
drawing	v.	require a specified depth for floating
drawing	v.	pull (a person) apart with four horses tied to his extremities, so as to execute him
drawing	v.	cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense
drawing	v.	take in, also metaphorically
drawing	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
drawing	v.	thread on or as if on a string
drawing	v.	stretch back a bowstring (on an archer's bow)
drawing	v.	pass over, across, or through
drawing	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
drawing	v.	contract
drawing	v.	reduce the diameter of (a wire or metal rod) by pulling it through a die
drawing	v.	steep; pass through a strainer
drawing	v.	remove the entrails of
drawing	v.	flatten, stretch, or mold metal or glass, by rolling or by pulling it through a die or by stretching
drawing	v.	cause to localize at one point
drawl	n.	a slow speech pattern with prolonged vowels
drawl	v.	lengthen and slow down or draw out
drawn	v.	cause to move by pulling
drawn	v.	get or derive
drawn	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
drawn	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
drawn	v.	bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover
drawn	v.	represent by making a drawing of, as with a pencil, chalk, etc. on a surface
drawn	v.	take liquid out of a container or well
drawn	v.	give a description of
drawn	v.	select or take in from a given group or region
drawn	v.	elicit responses, such as objections, criticism, applause, etc.
drawn	v.	suck in or take (air)
drawn	v.	move or go steadily or gradually
drawn	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
drawn	v.	choose at random
drawn	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
drawn	v.	bring or lead someone to a certain action or condition
drawn	v.	cause to flow
drawn	v.	write a legal document or paper
drawn	v.	engage in drawing
drawn	v.	move or pull so as to cover or uncover something
drawn	v.	allow a draft
drawn	v.	require a specified depth for floating
drawn	v.	pull (a person) apart with four horses tied to his extremities, so as to execute him
drawn	v.	cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense
drawn	v.	take in, also metaphorically
drawn	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
drawn	v.	thread on or as if on a string
drawn	v.	stretch back a bowstring (on an archer's bow)
drawn	v.	pass over, across, or through
drawn	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
drawn	v.	contract
drawn	v.	reduce the diameter of (a wire or metal rod) by pulling it through a die
drawn	v.	steep; pass through a strainer
drawn	v.	remove the entrails of
drawn	v.	flatten, stretch, or mold metal or glass, by rolling or by pulling it through a die or by stretching
drawn	v.	cause to localize at one point
drawn	adj.	showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; ; ; ; - Charles Dickens
drawn	adj.	having the curtains or draperies closed or pulled shut
drawstring	n.	a tie consisting of a cord that goes through a seam around an opening
dray	n.	a low heavy horse cart without sides; used for haulage
dread	n.	fearful expectation or anticipation
dread	v.	be afraid or scared of; be frightened of
dread	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
dreadful	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
dreadful	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
dreadful	adj.	very unpleasant
dreadfulness	n.	a quality of extreme unpleasantness
dreadlocks	n.	one of many long thin braids of hair radiating from the scalp; popularized by Rastafarians
dreadnought	n.	battleship that has big guns all of the same caliber
dream	n.	a series of mental images and emotions occurring during sleep
dream	n.	imaginative thoughts indulged in while awake
dream	n.	a cherished desire
dream	n.	a fantastic but vain hope (from fantasies induced by the opium pipe)
dream	n.	a state of mind characterized by abstraction and release from reality
dream	n.	someone or something wonderful
dream	v.	have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
dream	v.	experience while sleeping
dreamed	v.	have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
dreamed	v.	experience while sleeping
dreamed	adj.	conceived of or imagined or hoped for
dreamer	n.	someone who is dreaming
dreamer	n.	someone guided more by ideals than by practical considerations
dreamer	n.	a person who escapes into a world of fantasy
dreamily	adv.	in a dreamy manner
dreaminess	n.	a relaxed comfortable feeling
dreamland	n.	a pleasing country existing only in dreams or imagination
dreamless	adj.	untroubled by dreams
dreamlike	adj.	resembling a dream
dreamworld	n.	a pleasing country existing only in dreams or imagination
dreamy	adj.	dreamy in mood or nature
dreamy	adj.	lacking spirit or liveliness
drear	adj.	causing dejection
drearily	adv.	in a cheerless manner
dreariness	n.	extreme dullness; lacking spirit or interest
dreary	adj.	lacking in liveliness or charm or surprise
dreary	adj.	causing dejection
dredge	n.	a power shovel to remove material from a channel or riverbed
dredge	v.	cover before cooking
dredge	v.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost
dredge	v.	remove with a power shovel, usually from a bottom of a body of water
dredger	n.	a barge (or a vessel resembling a barge) that is used for dredging
dregs	n.	sediment that has settled at the bottom of a liquid
dregs	n.	a small amount of residue
dreiser	n.	United States novelist (1871-1945)
drench	v.	drench or submerge or be drenched or submerged
drench	v.	force to drink
drench	v.	permeate or impregnate
drench	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
dresden	n.	a city in southeastern Germany on the Elbe River; it was almost totally destroyed by British air raids in 1945
dress	n.	a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice
dress	n.	clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion
dress	n.	clothing in general
dress	v.	put on clothes
dress	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
dress	v.	put a finish on
dress	v.	dress in a certain manner
dress	v.	dress or groom with elaborate care
dress	v.	kill and prepare for market or consumption
dress	v.	arrange in ranks
dress	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
dress	v.	provide with decoration
dress	v.	put a dressing on
dress	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
dress	v.	cut down rough-hewn (lumber) to standard thickness and width
dress	v.	convert into leather
dress	v.	apply a bandage or medication to
dress	v.	give a neat appearance to
dress	v.	arrange attractively
dress	adj.	suitable for formal occasions
dress	adj.	(of an occasion) requiring formal clothes
dressage	n.	maneuvers of a horse in response to body signals by the rider
dresser	n.	furniture with drawers for keeping clothes
dresser	n.	a person who dresses in a particular way
dresser	n.	a wardrobe assistant for an actor
dresser	n.	low table with mirror or mirrors where one sits while dressing or applying makeup
dresser	n.	a cabinet with shelves
dressing	n.	savory dressings for salads; basically of two kinds: either the thin French or vinaigrette type or the creamy mayonnaise type
dressing	n.	a mixture of seasoned ingredients used to stuff meats and vegetables
dressing	n.	making fertile as by applying fertilizer or manure
dressing	n.	a cloth covering for a wound or sore
dressing	n.	processes in the conversion of rough hides into leather
dressing	n.	the activity of getting dressed; putting on clothes
dressing	n.	the act of applying a bandage
dressing	v.	put on clothes
dressing	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
dressing	v.	put a finish on
dressing	v.	dress in a certain manner
dressing	v.	dress or groom with elaborate care
dressing	v.	kill and prepare for market or consumption
dressing	v.	arrange in ranks
dressing	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
dressing	v.	provide with decoration
dressing	v.	put a dressing on
dressing	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
dressing	v.	cut down rough-hewn (lumber) to standard thickness and width
dressing	v.	convert into leather
dressing	v.	apply a bandage or medication to
dressing	v.	give a neat appearance to
dressing	v.	arrange attractively
dressmaker	n.	someone who makes or mends dresses
dressmaking	n.	the craft of making dresses
dressy	adj.	in fancy clothing
drew	n.	United States actor (born in Ireland); father of Georgiana Emma Barrymore (1827-1862)
drew	v.	cause to move by pulling
drew	v.	get or derive
drew	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
drew	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
drew	v.	bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover
drew	v.	represent by making a drawing of, as with a pencil, chalk, etc. on a surface
drew	v.	take liquid out of a container or well
drew	v.	give a description of
drew	v.	select or take in from a given group or region
drew	v.	elicit responses, such as objections, criticism, applause, etc.
drew	v.	suck in or take (air)
drew	v.	move or go steadily or gradually
drew	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
drew	v.	choose at random
drew	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
drew	v.	bring or lead someone to a certain action or condition
drew	v.	cause to flow
drew	v.	write a legal document or paper
drew	v.	engage in drawing
drew	v.	move or pull so as to cover or uncover something
drew	v.	allow a draft
drew	v.	require a specified depth for floating
drew	v.	pull (a person) apart with four horses tied to his extremities, so as to execute him
drew	v.	cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense
drew	v.	take in, also metaphorically
drew	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
drew	v.	thread on or as if on a string
drew	v.	stretch back a bowstring (on an archer's bow)
drew	v.	pass over, across, or through
drew	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
drew	v.	contract
drew	v.	reduce the diameter of (a wire or metal rod) by pulling it through a die
drew	v.	steep; pass through a strainer
drew	v.	remove the entrails of
drew	v.	flatten, stretch, or mold metal or glass, by rolling or by pulling it through a die or by stretching
drew	v.	cause to localize at one point
dreyfus	n.	French army officer of Jewish descent whose false imprisonment for treason in 1894 raised issues of anti-Semitism that dominated French politics until his release in 1906 (1859-1935)
dribble	n.	flowing in drops; the formation and falling of drops of liquid
dribble	n.	saliva spilling from the mouth
dribble	n.	the propulsion of a ball by repeated taps or kicks
dribble	v.	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream
dribble	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dribble	v.	propel,
dribble	v.	let saliva drivel from the mouth
dribbler	n.	a basketball player who is dribbling the ball to advance it
dribbler	n.	a person who dribbles
driblet	n.	a small indefinite quantity (especially of a liquid); ; ; ; --Kipling
drier	n.	a substance that promotes drying (e.g., calcium oxide absorbs water and is used to remove moisture)
drier	n.	an appliance that removes moisture
drier	adj.	free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet
drier	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
drier	adj.	lacking moisture or volatile components
drier	adj.	opposed to or prohibiting the production and sale of alcoholic beverages
drier	adj.	not producing milk
drier	adj.	(of liquor) having a low residual sugar content because of decomposition of sugar during fermentation
drier	adj.	without a mucous or watery discharge
drier	adj.	not shedding tears
drier	adj.	lacking interest or stimulation; dull and lifeless; ; ; - John Mason Brown
drier	adj.	used of solid substances in contrast with liquid ones
drier	adj.	unproductive especially of the expected results
drier	adj.	having no adornment or coloration
drier	adj.	(of food) eaten without a spread or sauce or other garnish
drier	adj.	having a large proportion of strong liquor
drier	adj.	lacking warmth or emotional involvement
drier	adj.	practicing complete abstinence from alcoholic beverages
drift	n.	a force that moves something along
drift	n.	the gradual departure from an intended course due to external influences (as a ship or plane)
drift	n.	a process of linguistic change over a period of time
drift	n.	a large mass of material that is heaped up by the wind or by water currents
drift	n.	a general tendency to change (as of opinion)
drift	n.	the pervading meaning or tenor
drift	n.	a horizontal (or nearly horizontal) passageway in a mine
drift	v.	be in motion due to some air or water current
drift	v.	wander from a direct course or at random
drift	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
drift	v.	vary or move from a fixed point or course
drift	v.	live unhurriedly, irresponsibly, or freely
drift	v.	move in an unhurried fashion
drift	v.	cause to be carried by a current
drift	v.	drive slowly and far afield for grazing
drift	v.	be subject to fluctuation
drift	v.	be piled up in banks or heaps by the force of wind or a current
drifter	n.	a wanderer who has no established residence or visible means of support
driftwood	n.	wood that is floating or that has been washed ashore
drill	n.	a tool with a sharp point and cutting edges for making holes in hard materials (usually rotating rapidly or by repeated blows)
drill	n.	similar to the mandrill but smaller and less brightly colored
drill	n.	systematic training by multiple repetitions
drill	n.	(military) the training of soldiers to march (as in ceremonial parades) or to perform the manual of arms
drill	v.	make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool
drill	v.	train in the military, e.g., in the use of weapons
drill	v.	learn by repetition
drill	v.	teach by repetition
drill	v.	undergo military training or do military exercises
drink	n.	a single serving of a beverage
drink	n.	the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
drink	n.	any liquid suitable for drinking
drink	n.	any large deep body of water
drink	n.	the act of swallowing
drink	v.	take in liquids
drink	v.	consume alcohol
drink	v.	propose a toast to
drink	v.	be fascinated or spell-bound by; pay close attention to
drink	v.	drink excessive amounts of alcohol; be an alcoholic
drinkable	n.	any liquid suitable for drinking
drinkable	adj.	suitable for drinking
drinker	n.	a person who drinks liquids
drinker	n.	a person who drinks alcoholic beverages (especially to excess)
drip	n.	flowing in drops; the formation and falling of drops of liquid
drip	n.	the sound of a liquid falling drop by drop
drip	n.	(architecture) a projection from a cornice or sill designed to protect the area below from rainwater (as over a window or doorway)
drip	v.	fall in drops
drip	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dripped	v.	fall in drops
dripped	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dripping	n.	a liquid (as water) that flows in drops (as from the eaves of house)
dripping	n.	the sound of a liquid falling drop by drop
dripping	v.	fall in drops
dripping	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dripping	adv.	extremely wet
drippy	adj.	wet with light rain
drippy	adj.	leaking in drops
drippy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
drive	n.	the act of applying force to propel something
drive	n.	a mechanism by which force or power is transmitted in a machine
drive	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
drive	n.	a road leading up to a private house
drive	n.	the trait of being highly motivated
drive	n.	hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver
drive	n.	the act of driving a herd of animals overland
drive	n.	a journey in a vehicle (usually an automobile)
drive	n.	a physiological state corresponding to a strong need or desire
drive	n.	(computer science) a device that writes data onto or reads data from a storage medium
drive	n.	a wide scenic road planted with trees
drive	n.	(sports) a hard straight return (as in tennis or squash)
drive	v.	operate or control a vehicle
drive	v.	travel or be transported in a vehicle
drive	v.	cause someone or something to move by driving
drive	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
drive	v.	to compel or force or urge relentlessly or exert coercive pressure on, or motivate strongly
drive	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
drive	v.	compel somebody to do something, often against his own will or judgment
drive	v.	push, propel, or press with force
drive	v.	cause to move rapidly by striking or throwing with force
drive	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
drive	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
drive	v.	have certain properties when driven
drive	v.	work as a driver
drive	v.	move by being propelled by a force
drive	v.	urge forward
drive	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
drive	v.	strike with a driver, as in teeing off
drive	v.	hit very hard, as by swinging a bat horizontally
drive	v.	excavate horizontally
drive	v.	cause to function by supplying the force or power for or by controlling
drive	v.	hunting: search for game
drive	v.	hunting: chase from cover into more open ground
drivel	n.	a worthless message
drivel	n.	saliva spilling from the mouth
drivel	v.	let saliva drivel from the mouth
driven	v.	operate or control a vehicle
driven	v.	travel or be transported in a vehicle
driven	v.	cause someone or something to move by driving
driven	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
driven	v.	to compel or force or urge relentlessly or exert coercive pressure on, or motivate strongly
driven	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
driven	v.	compel somebody to do something, often against his own will or judgment
driven	v.	push, propel, or press with force
driven	v.	cause to move rapidly by striking or throwing with force
driven	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
driven	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
driven	v.	have certain properties when driven
driven	v.	work as a driver
driven	v.	move by being propelled by a force
driven	v.	urge forward
driven	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
driven	v.	strike with a driver, as in teeing off
driven	v.	hit very hard, as by swinging a bat horizontally
driven	v.	excavate horizontally
driven	v.	cause to function by supplying the force or power for or by controlling
driven	v.	hunting: search for game
driven	v.	hunting: chase from cover into more open ground
driven	adj.	compelled forcibly by an outside agency
driven	adj.	urged or forced to action through moral pressure
driven	adj.	strongly motivated to succeed
driver	n.	the operator of a motor vehicle
driver	n.	someone who drives animals that pull a vehicle
driver	n.	a golfer who hits the golf ball with a driver
driver	n.	(computer science) a program that determines how a computer will communicate with a peripheral device
driver	n.	a golf club (a wood) with a near vertical face that is used for hitting long shots from the tee
driveshaft	n.	a rotating shaft that transmits power from the engine to the point of application
driveway	n.	a road leading up to a private house
drizzle	n.	very light rain; stronger than mist but less than a shower
drizzle	v.	rain lightly
drizzle	v.	moisten with fine drops
drizzly	adj.	wet with light rain
drogue	n.	a funnel-shaped device towed as a target by an airplane
drogue	n.	a truncated cloth cone mounted on a mast; used (e.g., at airports) to show the direction of the wind
drogue	n.	restraint consisting of a canvas covered frame that floats behind a vessel; prevents drifting or maintains the heading into a wind
drogue	n.	a parachute used to decelerate an object that is moving rapidly
droll	adj.	comical in an odd or whimsical manner
drollery	n.	a comic incident or series of incidents
drollery	n.	a quaint and amusing jest
dromedary	n.	one-humped camel of the hot deserts of northern Africa and southwestern Asia
drone	n.	stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen
drone	n.	an unchanging intonation
drone	n.	someone who takes more time than necessary; someone who lags behind
drone	n.	an aircraft without a pilot that is operated by remote control
drone	n.	a pipe of the bagpipe that is tuned to produce a single continuous tone
drone	v.	make a monotonous low dull sound
drone	v.	talk in a monotonous voice
drool	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
drool	n.	saliva spilling from the mouth
drool	v.	be envious, desirous, eager for, or extremely happy about something
drool	v.	let saliva drivel from the mouth
droop	n.	a shape that sags
droop	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
droop	v.	hang loosely or laxly
droop	v.	become limp
droopy	adj.	hanging down (as from exhaustion or weakness)
drop	n.	a shape that is spherical and small
drop	n.	a small indefinite quantity (especially of a liquid); ; ; ; --Kipling
drop	n.	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
drop	n.	a steep high face of rock
drop	n.	a predetermined hiding place for the deposit and distribution of illicit goods (such as drugs or stolen property)
drop	n.	a free and rapid descent by the force of gravity
drop	n.	a curtain that can be lowered and raised onto a stage from the flies; often used as background scenery
drop	n.	a central depository where things can be left or picked up
drop	n.	the act of dropping something
drop	v.	let fall to the ground
drop	v.	to fall vertically
drop	v.	go down in value
drop	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
drop	v.	terminate an association with
drop	v.	utter with seeming casualness; ; drop names"
drop	v.	stop pursuing or acting
drop	v.	leave or unload
drop	v.	cause to fall by or as if by delivering a blow
drop	v.	lose (a game)
drop	v.	pay out
drop	v.	lower the pitch of (musical notes)
drop	v.	hang freely
drop	v.	stop associating with
drop	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
drop	v.	get rid of
drop	v.	take (a drug, especially LSD), by mouth
drop	v.	omit (a letter or syllable) in speaking or writing
drop	v.	leave undone or leave out
drop	v.	change from one level to another
drop	v.	fall or sink into a state of exhaustion or death
drop	v.	grow worse
drop	v.	give birth; used for animals
dropkick	n.	(football) kicking (as for a field goal) in which the football is dropped and kicked as it touches the ground
dropkick	v.	make the point after a touchdown with a dropkick
dropkick	v.	drop and kick (a ball) as it touches the ground, as for a field goal
droplet	n.	a tiny drop
dropout	n.	someone who quits school before graduation
dropout	n.	someone who withdraws from a social group or environment
dropped	v.	let fall to the ground
dropped	v.	to fall vertically
dropped	v.	go down in value
dropped	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
dropped	v.	terminate an association with
dropped	v.	utter with seeming casualness; ; drop names"
dropped	v.	stop pursuing or acting
dropped	v.	leave or unload
dropped	v.	cause to fall by or as if by delivering a blow
dropped	v.	lose (a game)
dropped	v.	pay out
dropped	v.	lower the pitch of (musical notes)
dropped	v.	hang freely
dropped	v.	stop associating with
dropped	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dropped	v.	get rid of
dropped	v.	take (a drug, especially LSD), by mouth
dropped	v.	omit (a letter or syllable) in speaking or writing
dropped	v.	leave undone or leave out
dropped	v.	change from one level to another
dropped	v.	fall or sink into a state of exhaustion or death
dropped	v.	grow worse
dropped	v.	give birth; used for animals
dropper	n.	pipet consisting of a small tube with a vacuum bulb at one end for drawing liquid in and releasing it a drop at a time
dropping	v.	let fall to the ground
dropping	v.	to fall vertically
dropping	v.	go down in value
dropping	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
dropping	v.	terminate an association with
dropping	v.	utter with seeming casualness; ; drop names"
dropping	v.	stop pursuing or acting
dropping	v.	leave or unload
dropping	v.	cause to fall by or as if by delivering a blow
dropping	v.	lose (a game)
dropping	v.	pay out
dropping	v.	lower the pitch of (musical notes)
dropping	v.	hang freely
dropping	v.	stop associating with
dropping	v.	let or cause to fall in drops
dropping	v.	get rid of
dropping	v.	take (a drug, especially LSD), by mouth
dropping	v.	omit (a letter or syllable) in speaking or writing
dropping	v.	leave undone or leave out
dropping	v.	change from one level to another
dropping	v.	fall or sink into a state of exhaustion or death
dropping	v.	grow worse
dropping	v.	give birth; used for animals
dropping	adj.	coming down freely under the influence of gravity
droppings	n.	fecal matter of animals
dropsical	adj.	swollen with an excessive accumulation of fluid
dropsy	n.	swelling from excessive accumulation of watery fluid in cells, tissues, or serous cavities
dross	n.	worthless or dangerous material that should be removed
dross	n.	the scum formed by oxidation at the surface of molten metals
drought	n.	a shortage of rainfall
drought	n.	a prolonged shortage
drove	n.	a group of animals (a herd or flock) moving together
drove	n.	a moving crowd
drove	n.	a stonemason's chisel with a broad edge for dressing stone
drove	v.	operate or control a vehicle
drove	v.	travel or be transported in a vehicle
drove	v.	cause someone or something to move by driving
drove	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
drove	v.	to compel or force or urge relentlessly or exert coercive pressure on, or motivate strongly
drove	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
drove	v.	compel somebody to do something, often against his own will or judgment
drove	v.	push, propel, or press with force
drove	v.	cause to move rapidly by striking or throwing with force
drove	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
drove	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
drove	v.	have certain properties when driven
drove	v.	work as a driver
drove	v.	move by being propelled by a force
drove	v.	urge forward
drove	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
drove	v.	strike with a driver, as in teeing off
drove	v.	hit very hard, as by swinging a bat horizontally
drove	v.	excavate horizontally
drove	v.	cause to function by supplying the force or power for or by controlling
drove	v.	hunting: search for game
drove	v.	hunting: chase from cover into more open ground
drover	n.	someone who drives a herd
drown	v.	cover completely or make imperceptible
drown	v.	get rid of as if by submerging
drown	v.	die from being submerged in water, getting water into the lungs, and asphyxiating
drown	v.	kill by submerging in water
drown	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
drowning	v.	cover completely or make imperceptible
drowning	v.	get rid of as if by submerging
drowning	v.	die from being submerged in water, getting water into the lungs, and asphyxiating
drowning	v.	kill by submerging in water
drowning	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
drowse	n.	a light fitful sleep
drowse	v.	sleep lightly or for a short period of time
drowse	v.	be on the verge of sleeping
drowsily	adv.	in a drowsy manner
drowsiness	n.	a very sleepy state
drowsy	adj.	half asleep
drowsy	adj.	showing lack of attention or boredom
drub	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
drubbed	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
drubbing	n.	a sound defeat
drubbing	n.	the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows
drubbing	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
drudge	n.	one who works hard at boring tasks
drudge	n.	a laborer who is obliged to do menial work
drudge	v.	work hard
drudgery	n.	hard monotonous routine work
drug	n.	a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic
drug	v.	administer a drug to
drug	v.	use recreational drugs
drugged	v.	administer a drug to
drugged	v.	use recreational drugs
drugged	adj.	under the influence of narcotics
drugging	n.	the administration of a sedative agent or drug
drugging	v.	administer a drug to
drugging	v.	use recreational drugs
druggist	n.	a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs
drugstore	n.	a retail shop where medicine and other articles are sold
druid	n.	a pre-Christian priest among the Celts of ancient Gaul and Britain and Ireland
druidism	n.	the system of religion and philosophy taught by the Druids and their rites and ceremonies
drum	n.	a musical percussion instrument; usually consists of a hollow cylinder with a membrane stretched across each end
drum	n.	the sound of a drum
drum	n.	a bulging cylindrical shape; hollow with flat ends
drum	n.	a cylindrical metal container used for shipping or storage of liquids
drum	n.	a hollow cast-iron cylinder attached to the wheel that forms part of the brakes
drum	n.	small to medium-sized bottom-dwelling food and game fishes of shallow coastal and fresh waters that make a drumming noise
drum	v.	make a rhythmic sound
drum	v.	play a percussion instrument
drum	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
drumbeat	n.	the sound made by beating a drum
drumbeat	n.	(military) the beating of a drum as a signal for lowering the flag at sundown
drumbeat	n.	a vehement and vociferous advocacy of a cause
drumlin	n.	a mound of glacial drift
drummed	v.	make a rhythmic sound
drummed	v.	play a percussion instrument
drummed	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
drummer	n.	someone who plays a drum
drumming	n.	the act of playing drums
drumming	v.	make a rhythmic sound
drumming	v.	play a percussion instrument
drumming	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
drumstick	n.	the lower joint of the leg of a fowl
drumstick	n.	a stick used for playing a drum
drunk	n.	a chronic drinker
drunk	n.	someone who is intoxicated
drunk	v.	take in liquids
drunk	v.	consume alcohol
drunk	v.	propose a toast to
drunk	v.	be fascinated or spell-bound by; pay close attention to
drunk	v.	drink excessive amounts of alcohol; be an alcoholic
drunk	adj.	stupefied or excited by a chemical substance (especially alcohol)
drunk	adj.	as if under the influence of alcohol
drunkard	n.	a chronic drinker
drunken	adj.	given to or marked by the consumption of alcohol
drunkenness	n.	a temporary state resulting from excessive consumption of alcohol
drunkenness	n.	habitual intoxication; prolonged and excessive intake of alcoholic drinks leading to a breakdown in health and an addiction to alcohol such that abrupt deprivation leads to severe withdrawal symptoms
drunkenness	n.	the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
drupe	n.	fleshy indehiscent fruit with a single seed: e.g. almond; peach; plum; cherry; elderberry; olive; jujube
druthers	n.	the right or chance to choose
dry	n.	a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages
dry	v.	remove the moisture from and make dry
dry	v.	become dry or drier
dry	adj.	free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet
dry	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
dry	adj.	lacking moisture or volatile components
dry	adj.	opposed to or prohibiting the production and sale of alcoholic beverages
dry	adj.	not producing milk
dry	adj.	(of liquor) having a low residual sugar content because of decomposition of sugar during fermentation
dry	adj.	without a mucous or watery discharge
dry	adj.	not shedding tears
dry	adj.	lacking interest or stimulation; dull and lifeless; ; ; - John Mason Brown
dry	adj.	used of solid substances in contrast with liquid ones
dry	adj.	unproductive especially of the expected results
dry	adj.	having no adornment or coloration
dry	adj.	(of food) eaten without a spread or sauce or other garnish
dry	adj.	having a large proportion of strong liquor
dry	adj.	lacking warmth or emotional involvement
dry	adj.	practicing complete abstinence from alcoholic beverages
dryad	n.	a deity or nymph of the woods
dryden	n.	the outstanding poet and dramatist of the Restoration (1631-1700)
dryer	n.	an appliance that removes moisture
dryer	adj.	free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet
dryer	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
dryer	adj.	lacking moisture or volatile components
dryer	adj.	opposed to or prohibiting the production and sale of alcoholic beverages
dryer	adj.	not producing milk
dryer	adj.	(of liquor) having a low residual sugar content because of decomposition of sugar during fermentation
dryer	adj.	without a mucous or watery discharge
dryer	adj.	not shedding tears
dryer	adj.	lacking interest or stimulation; dull and lifeless; ; ; - John Mason Brown
dryer	adj.	used of solid substances in contrast with liquid ones
dryer	adj.	unproductive especially of the expected results
dryer	adj.	having no adornment or coloration
dryer	adj.	(of food) eaten without a spread or sauce or other garnish
dryer	adj.	having a large proportion of strong liquor
dryer	adj.	lacking warmth or emotional involvement
dryer	adj.	practicing complete abstinence from alcoholic beverages
dryness	n.	the condition of not containing or being covered by a liquid (especially water)
dryness	n.	moderation in or abstinence from alcohol or other drugs
dryness	n.	objectivity and detachment
drys	n.	a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages
drys	v.	remove the moisture from and make dry
drys	v.	become dry or drier
drywall	n.	a wide flat board used to cover walls or partitions; made from plaster or wood pulp or other materials and used primarily to form the interior walls of houses
dual	adj.	consisting of or involving two parts or components usually in pairs
dual	adj.	having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; ; - R.W.Emerson; -Frederick Harrison
dual	adj.	a grammatical number category referring to two items or units as opposed to one item (singular) or more than two items (plural)
dualism	n.	the doctrine that reality consists of two basic opposing elements, often taken to be mind and matter (or mind and body), or good and evil
duality	n.	being twofold; a classification into two opposed parts or subclasses
duality	n.	(physics) the property of matter and electromagnetic radiation that is characterized by the fact that some properties can be explained best by wave theory and others by particle theory
duality	n.	(geometry) the interchangeability of the roles of points and planes in the theorems of projective geometry
dub	n.	the new sounds added by dubbing
dub	v.	give a nickname to
dub	v.	provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language
dub	v.	raise (someone) to knighthood
dubai	n.	port city in the United Arab Emirates on the Persian Gulf
dubbed	v.	give a nickname to
dubbed	v.	provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language
dubbed	v.	raise (someone) to knighthood
dubbin	n.	tallow mixed with oil; used to make leather soft and waterproof
dubbing	n.	a new soundtrack that is added to a film
dubbing	v.	give a nickname to
dubbing	v.	provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language
dubbing	v.	raise (someone) to knighthood
dubiety	n.	the state of being unsure of something
dubious	adj.	fraught with uncertainty or doubt
dubious	adj.	open to doubt or suspicion; ; ; ; - Karen Horney
dubious	adj.	not convinced
dubiousness	n.	the state of being unsure of something
dubiousness	n.	uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something
dublin	n.	capital and largest city and major port of the Irish Republic
dubrovnik	n.	a port city in southwestern Croatia on the Adriatic; a popular tourist center
dubuque	n.	a town in eastern Iowa on the Mississippi River
ducal	adj.	of or belonging to or suitable for a duke
ducat	n.	formerly a gold coin of various European countries
duchamp	n.	French artist who immigrated to the United States; a leader in the dada movement in New York City; was first to exhibit commonplace objects as art (1887-1968)
duchess	n.	the wife of a duke or a woman holding ducal title in her own right
duchy	n.	the domain controlled by a duke or duchess
duck	n.	small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually having a depressed body and short legs
duck	n.	(cricket) a score of nothing by a batsman
duck	n.	flesh of a duck (domestic or wild)
duck	n.	a heavy cotton fabric of plain weave; used for clothing and tents
duck	v.	to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away
duck	v.	submerge or plunge suddenly
duck	v.	dip into a liquid
duck	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
duckbill	n.	primitive fish of the Mississippi valley having a long paddle-shaped snout
duckbill	n.	small densely furred aquatic monotreme of Australia and Tasmania having a broad bill and tail and webbed feet; only species in the family Ornithorhynchidae
duckbill	adj.	having a beak resembling that of a duck
duckboards	n.	a boardwalk laid across muddy ground
duckling	n.	flesh of a young domestic duck
duckling	n.	young duck
duckpins	n.	a bowling game using a pin smaller than a tenpin but proportionately wider
duckpins	n.	a bowling pin that is short and squat by comparison with a tenpin
duckweed	n.	any small or minute aquatic plant of the family Lemnaceae that float on or near the surface of shallow ponds
ducky	n.	a special loved one
duct	n.	a bodily passage or tube lined with epithelial cells and conveying a secretion or other substance
duct	n.	a continuous tube formed by a row of elongated cells lacking intervening end walls
duct	n.	an enclosed conduit for a fluid
ductile	adj.	easily influenced
ductile	adj.	capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out
ductility	n.	the malleability of something that can be drawn into threads or wires or hammered into thin sheets
ductless	adj.	not having a duct
dud	n.	someone who is unsuccessful
dud	n.	an explosion that fails to occur
dud	n.	an event that fails badly or is totally ineffectual
dud	adj.	failing to detonate; especially not charged with an active explosive
dude	n.	an informal form of address for a man
dude	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
dudgeon	n.	a feeling of intense indignation (now used only in the phrase `in high dudgeon')
due	n.	that which is deserved or owed
due	n.	a payment that is due (e.g., as the price of membership)
due	adj.	owed and payable immediately or on demand
due	adj.	scheduled to arrive
due	adj.	suitable to or expected in the circumstances
due	adj.	capable of being assigned or credited to
due	adv.	directly or exactly; straight
duel	n.	a prearranged fight with deadly weapons by two people (accompanied by seconds) in order to settle a quarrel over a point of honor
duel	n.	any struggle between two skillful opponents (individuals or groups)
duel	v.	fight a duel, as over one's honor or a woman
dueler	n.	a person who fights duels
duelist	n.	a person who fights duels
duenna	n.	a woman chaperon
duet	n.	two items of the same kind
duet	n.	two performers or singers who perform together
duet	n.	a pair who associate with one another
duet	n.	a musical composition for two performers
duet	n.	(ballet) a dance for two people (usually a ballerina and a danseur noble)
duff	n.	a stiff flour pudding steamed or boiled usually and containing e.g. currants and raisins and citron
duffer	n.	an incompetent or clumsy person
dug	n.	an udder or breast or teat
dug	v.	turn up, loosen, or remove earth
dug	v.	create by digging
dug	v.	work hard
dug	v.	remove, harvest, or recover by digging
dug	v.	thrust down or into
dug	v.	remove the inner part or the core of
dug	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
dug	v.	get the meaning of something
dugout	n.	either of two low shelters on either side of a baseball diamond where the players and coaches sit during the game
dugout	n.	a canoe made by hollowing out and shaping a large log
dugout	n.	a fortification of earth; mostly or entirely below ground
dui	n.	two items of the same kind
dui	n.	two performers or singers who perform together
dui	n.	a pair who associate with one another
dui	n.	a musical composition for two performers
duke	n.	a British peer of the highest rank
duke	n.	a nobleman (in various countries) of high rank
dukedom	n.	the dignity or rank or position of a duke
dukedom	n.	the domain controlled by a duke or duchess
dulcet	adj.	extremely pleasant in a gentle way
dulcet	adj.	pleasing to the ear
dulcimer	n.	a stringed instrument used in American folk music; an elliptical body and a fretted fingerboard and three strings
dulcimer	n.	a trapezoidal zither whose metal strings are struck with light hammers
dull	v.	make dull in appearance
dull	v.	become dull or lusterless in appearance; lose shine or brightness
dull	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
dull	v.	make numb or insensitive
dull	v.	make dull or blunt
dull	v.	become less interesting or attractive
dull	v.	make less lively or vigorous
dull	adj.	lacking in liveliness or animation
dull	adj.	emitting or reflecting very little light
dull	adj.	being or made softer or less loud or clear
dull	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
dull	adj.	(of color) very low in saturation; highly diluted
dull	adj.	not keenly felt
dull	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
dull	adj.	(of business) not active or brisk
dull	adj.	not having a sharp edge or point
dull	adj.	blunted in responsiveness or sensibility; ; - Willa Cather
dull	adj.	not clear and resonant; sounding as if striking with or against something relatively soft
dull	adj.	darkened with overcast
dullard	n.	a person who is not very bright
dullard	n.	a person who evokes boredom
dulles	n.	United States diplomat who (as Secretary of State) pursued a policy of opposition to the USSR by providing aid to American allies (1888-1959)
dulles	v.	make dull in appearance
dulles	v.	become dull or lusterless in appearance; lose shine or brightness
dulles	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
dulles	v.	make numb or insensitive
dulles	v.	make dull or blunt
dulles	v.	become less interesting or attractive
dulles	v.	make less lively or vigorous
dullness	n.	the quality of being slow to understand
dullness	n.	the quality of lacking interestingness
dullness	n.	a lack of visual brightness
dullness	n.	lack of sensibility
dullness	n.	without sharpness or clearness of edge or point
dully	adv.	without liveliness
dully	adv.	without luster or shine
duluth	n.	a city in northeast Minnesota on Lake Superior
duly	adv.	at the proper time
dumas	n.	French writer remembered for his swashbuckling historical tales (1802-1870)
dumas	n.	a legislative body in the ruling assembly of Russia and of some other republics in the former USSR
dumb	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
dumb	adj.	temporarily incapable of speaking
dumb	adj.	lacking the power of human speech
dumb	adj.	unable to speak because of hereditary deafness
dumbbell	n.	an exercising weight; two spheres connected by a short bar that serves as a handle
dumbbell	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
dumbfound	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
dumbness	n.	the quality of being mentally slow and limited
dumbstruck	adj.	as if struck dumb with astonishment and surprise
dumbwaiter	n.	a small elevator used to convey food (or other goods) from one floor of a building to another
dumdum	n.	a soft-nosed small-arms bullet that expands when it hits a target and causes a gaping wound
dummy	n.	a person who does not talk
dummy	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
dummy	n.	a figure representing the human form
dummy	n.	a cartridge containing an explosive charge but no bullet
dummy	v.	make a dummy of
dummy	adj.	having the appearance of being real but lacking capacity to function
dump	n.	a coarse term for defecation
dump	n.	a piece of land where waste materials are dumped
dump	n.	(computer science) a copy of the contents of a computer storage device; sometimes used in debugging programs
dump	n.	a place where supplies can be stored
dump	v.	throw away as refuse
dump	v.	sever all ties with, usually unceremoniously or irresponsibly
dump	v.	sell at artificially low prices
dump	v.	drop (stuff) in a heap or mass
dump	v.	fall abruptly
dump	v.	knock down with force
dumpiness	n.	a short and stout physique
dumpling	n.	small balls or strips of boiled or steamed dough
dumpling	n.	dessert made by baking fruit wrapped in pastry
dumpsite	n.	a piece of land where waste materials are dumped
dumpster	n.	a container designed to receive and transport and dump waste
dumpy	adj.	resembling a garbage dump
dumpy	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
dumpy	adj.	short and plump
dun	n.	horse of a dull brownish grey color
dun	n.	a color or pigment varying around a light grey-brown color
dun	v.	treat cruelly
dun	v.	persistently ask for overdue payment
dun	v.	cure by salting
dun	v.	make a dun color
dun	adj.	of a dull greyish brown to brownish grey color
duncan	n.	United States dancer and pioneer of modern dance (1878-1927)
dunce	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
dunderhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
dune	n.	a ridge of sand created by the wind; found in deserts or near lakes and oceans
dung	n.	fecal matter of animals
dung	v.	fertilize or dress with dung
dung	v.	defecate; used of animals
dungaree	n.	a coarse durable twill-weave cotton fabric
dungeon	n.	the main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress
dungeon	n.	a dark cell (usually underground) where prisoners can be confined
dunghill	n.	a foul or degraded condition
dunghill	n.	a heap of dung or refuse
dunk	n.	a basketball shot in which the basketball is propelled downward into the basket
dunk	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
dunk	v.	make a dunk shot, in basketball
dunk	v.	dip into a liquid while eating
dunkirk	n.	a crisis in which a desperate effort is the only alternative to defeat
dunkirk	n.	a seaport in northern France on the North Sea; scene of the evacuation of British forces in 1940 during World War II
dunkirk	n.	an amphibious evacuation in World War II (1940) when 330,000 Allied troops had to be evacuated from the beaches in northern France in a desperate retreat under enemy fire
dunned	v.	treat cruelly
dunned	v.	persistently ask for overdue payment
dunned	v.	cure by salting
dunned	v.	make a dun color
dunner	adj.	of a dull greyish brown to brownish grey color
dunnest	adj.	of a dull greyish brown to brownish grey color
dunning	v.	treat cruelly
dunning	v.	persistently ask for overdue payment
dunning	v.	cure by salting
dunning	v.	make a dun color
duo	n.	two items of the same kind
duo	n.	two performers or singers who perform together
duo	n.	a pair who associate with one another
duo	n.	a musical composition for two performers
duodecimal	n.	one part in twelve equal parts
duodecimal	adj.	based on twelve
duodenal	adj.	in or relating to the duodenum
duodenum	n.	the part of the small intestine between the stomach and the jejunum
dupe	n.	a person who is tricked or swindled
dupe	v.	fool or hoax
duple	adj.	consisting of or involving two parts or components usually in pairs
duplex	n.	a house with two units sharing a common wall
duplex	n.	an apartment having rooms on two floors that are connected by a staircase
duplex	v.	change into a duplex
duplex	adj.	(used technically of a device or process) having two parts
duplex	adj.	allowing communication in opposite directions simultaneously
duplicate	n.	something additional of the same kind
duplicate	n.	a copy that corresponds to an original exactly
duplicate	v.	make or do or perform again
duplicate	v.	duplicate or match
duplicate	v.	make a duplicate or duplicates of
duplicate	v.	increase twofold
duplicate	adj.	identically copied from an original
duplicate	adj.	being two identical
duplication	n.	a copy that corresponds to an original exactly
duplication	n.	the act of copying or making a duplicate (or duplicates) of something
duplicator	n.	apparatus that makes copies of typed, written or drawn material
duplicitous	adj.	marked by deliberate deceptiveness especially by pretending one set of feelings and acting under the influence of another; - Israel Zangwill; ; - W.M.Thackeray
duplicity	n.	a fraudulent or duplicitous representation
duplicity	n.	acting in bad faith; deception by pretending to entertain one set of intentions while acting under the influence of another
durability	n.	permanence by virtue of the power to resist stress or force
durable	adj.	existing for a long time
durable	adj.	capable of withstanding wear and tear and decay
durable	adj.	very long lasting
durance	n.	imprisonment (especially for a long time)
durant	n.	United States historian (1885-1981)
durante	n.	United States comedian remembered for his large nose and hoarse voice (1893-1980)
duration	n.	the period of time during which something continues
duration	n.	the property of enduring or continuing in time
duration	n.	continuance in time
durban	n.	a port city in eastern South Africa on the Indian Ocean; resort and industrial center
durer	n.	a leading German painter and engraver of the Renaissance (1471-1528)
duress	n.	compulsory force or threat
durham	n.	a city of north central North Carolina; site of Duke University
durham	n.	English breed of short-horned cattle
durkheim	n.	French sociologist and first professor of sociology at the Sorbonne (1858-1917)
durum	n.	wheat with hard dark-colored kernels high in gluten and used for bread and pasta; grown especially in southern Russia, North Africa, and northern central North America
duse	n.	Italian actress best known for her performances in tragic roles (1858-1924)
dushanbe	n.	the capital of Tajikistan; formerly Stalinabad 1926-1991
dusk	n.	the time of day immediately following sunset
dusk	v.	become dusk
duskiness	n.	the state of being poorly illuminated
duskiness	n.	a swarthy complexion
dusky	adj.	lighted by or as if by twilight; -Henry Fielding
dusky	adj.	naturally having skin of a dark color
dusseldorf	n.	an industrial city in western Germany on the Rhine
dust	n.	fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in the air
dust	n.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
dust	n.	free microscopic particles of solid material
dust	v.	remove the dust from
dust	v.	rub the dust over a surface so as to blur the outlines of a shape
dust	v.	cover with a light dusting of a substance
dust	v.	distribute loosely
dustbin	n.	a bin that holds rubbish until it is collected
dustcart	n.	a truck for collecting domestic refuse
duster	n.	a windstorm that lifts up clouds of dust or sand
duster	n.	a loose coverall (coat or frock) reaching down to the ankles
duster	n.	a piece of cloth used for dusting
duster	n.	a pitch thrown deliberately close to the batter
dustiness	n.	the state of being covered with dust
dustman	n.	someone employed to collect and dispose of refuse
dustmen	n.	someone employed to collect and dispose of refuse
dustpan	n.	the quantity that a dustpan will hold
dustpan	n.	a short-handled receptacle into which dust can be swept
dusty	adj.	covered with a layer of dust
dusty	adj.	lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new
dutch	n.	the people of the Netherlands
dutch	n.	the West Germanic language of the Netherlands
dutch	adj.	of or relating to the Netherlands or its people or culture
dutchman	n.	a native or inhabitant of Holland
dutchmen	n.	a native or inhabitant of Holland
duteous	adj.	willingly obedient out of a sense of duty and respect
dutiable	adj.	subject to import tax
dutiful	adj.	willingly obedient out of a sense of duty and respect
dutifulness	n.	piety by virtue of devotion to duty
duty	n.	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force; ; - John D.Rockefeller Jr
duty	n.	work that you are obliged to perform for moral or legal reasons
duty	n.	a government tax on imports or exports
duvalier	n.	son and successor of Francois Duvalier as president of Haiti; he was overthrown by a mass uprising in 1986 (born in 1951)
duvalier	n.	oppressive Haitian dictator (1907-1971)
duvet	n.	a soft quilt usually filled with the down of the eider
dvd	n.	a digital recording (as of a movie) on an optical disk that can be played on a computer or a television set
dvorak	n.	Czech composer who combined folk elements with traditional forms (1841-1904)
dwarf	n.	a person who is markedly small
dwarf	n.	a legendary creature resembling a tiny old man; lives in the depths of the earth and guards buried treasure
dwarf	n.	a plant or animal that is atypically small
dwarf	v.	make appear small by comparison
dwarf	v.	check the growth of
dwarfish	adj.	atypically small
dwarfism	n.	a genetic abnormality resulting in short stature
dweeb	n.	an insignificant student who is ridiculed as being affected or boringly studious
dwell	v.	think moodily or anxiously about something
dwell	v.	originate (in)
dwell	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
dwell	v.	exist or be situated within
dwell	v.	come back to
dweller	n.	a person who inhabits a particular place
dwelling	n.	housing that someone is living in
dwelling	v.	think moodily or anxiously about something
dwelling	v.	originate (in)
dwelling	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
dwelling	v.	exist or be situated within
dwelling	v.	come back to
dwelt	v.	think moodily or anxiously about something
dwelt	v.	originate (in)
dwelt	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
dwelt	v.	exist or be situated within
dwelt	v.	come back to
dwindle	v.	become smaller or lose substance
dy	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; forms compounds that are highly magnetic
dyadic	adj.	of or relating to a dyad or based on two
dybbuk	n.	(Jewish folklore) a demon that enters the body of a living person and controls that body's behavior
dye	n.	a usually soluble substance for staining or coloring e.g. fabrics or hair
dye	v.	color with dye
dyeing	n.	the use of dye to change the color of something permanently
dyeing	v.	color with dye
dyer	n.	someone whose job is to dye cloth
dyestuff	n.	a usually soluble substance for staining or coloring e.g. fabrics or hair
dying	n.	the time when something ends
dying	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
dying	v.	suffer or face the pain of death
dying	v.	be brought to or as if to the point of death by an intense emotion such as embarrassment, amusement, or shame
dying	v.	stop operating or functioning
dying	v.	feel indifferent towards
dying	v.	languish as with love or desire
dying	v.	cut or shape with a die
dying	v.	to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player
dying	v.	lose sparkle or bouquet
dying	v.	disappear or come to an end
dying	v.	suffer spiritual death; be damned (in the religious sense)
dying	adj.	in or associated with the process of passing from life or ceasing to be
dying	adj.	eagerly desirous
dyke	n.	(slang) offensive term for a lesbian who is noticeably masculine
dyke	n.	a barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
dyke	v.	enclose with a dike
dylan	n.	United States songwriter noted for his protest songs (born in 1941)
dylan	n.	Celtic god of the waves; son of Arianrhod
dynamic	n.	an efficient incentive
dynamic	adj.	characterized by action or forcefulness or force of personality
dynamic	adj.	of or relating to dynamics
dynamic	adj.	(used of verbs (e.g. `to run') and participial adjectives (e.g. `running' in `running water')) expressing action rather than a state of being
dynamical	adj.	characterized by action or forcefulness or force of personality
dynamics	n.	the branch of mechanics concerned with the forces that cause motions of bodies
dynamics	n.	an efficient incentive
dynamism	n.	any of the various theories or doctrines or philosophical systems that attempt to explain the phenomena of the universe in terms of some immanent force or energy
dynamism	n.	active strength of body or mind
dynamism	n.	the activeness of an energetic personality
dynamite	n.	an explosive containing nitrate sensitized with nitroglycerin absorbed on wood pulp
dynamite	v.	blow up with dynamite
dynamiter	n.	a person who uses dynamite in a revolutionary cause
dynamo	n.	generator consisting of a coil (the armature) that rotates between the poles of an electromagnet (the field magnet) causing a current to flow in the armature
dynastic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a dynasty
dynasty	n.	a sequence of powerful leaders in the same family
dysentery	n.	an infection of the intestines marked by severe diarrhea
dysfunction	n.	(medicine) any disturbance in the functioning of an organ or body part or a disturbance in the functioning of a social group
dysfunctional	adj.	impaired in function; especially of a bodily system or organ
dysfunctional	adj.	(of a trait or condition) failing to serve an adjustive purpose
dyslectic	n.	a person who has dyslexia
dyslectic	adj.	having impaired ability to comprehend written words usually associated with a neurologic disorder
dyslexia	n.	impaired ability to learn to read
dyslexic	adj.	of or relating to or symptomatic of dyslexia
dyslexic	adj.	having impaired ability to comprehend written words usually associated with a neurologic disorder
dyspepsia	n.	a disorder of digestive function characterized by discomfort or heartburn or nausea
dyspeptic	n.	a person suffering from indigestion
dyspeptic	adj.	suffering from dyspepsia
dyspeptic	adj.	irritable as if suffering from indigestion
dysphagia	n.	condition in which swallowing is difficult or painful
dysphoria	n.	abnormal depression and discontent
dysphoric	adj.	generalized feeling of distress
dysprosium	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; forms compounds that are highly magnetic
dystopia	n.	state in which the conditions of life are extremely bad as from deprivation or oppression or terror
dystopia	n.	a work of fiction describing an imaginary place where life is extremely bad because of deprivation or oppression or terror
dystopian	adj.	of or pertaining to or resembling a dystopia
dystopian	adj.	as bad as can be; characterized by human misery; - Susan Sontag
e	n.	a fat-soluble vitamin that is essential for normal reproduction; an important antioxidant that neutralizes free radicals in the body
e	n.	a radioactive transuranic element produced by bombarding plutonium with neutrons
e	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees
e	n.	the base of the natural system of logarithms; approximately equal to 2.718282...
e	n.	the 5th letter of the Roman alphabet
e'en	adv.	even
e'er	adv.	at all times; all the time and on every occasion
ea	n.	the Babylonian god of wisdom; son of Apsu and father of Marduk; counterpart of the Sumerian Enki; as one of the supreme triad including Anu and Bel he was assigned control of the watery element
each	adj.	(used of count nouns) every one considered individually
each	adv.	to or from every one of two or more (considered individually)
eager	n.	a high wave (often dangerous) caused by tidal flow (as by colliding tidal currents or in a narrow estuary)
eager	adj.	having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy
eagerness	n.	a positive feeling of wanting to push ahead with something
eagerness	n.	prompt willingness
eagle	n.	any of various large keen-sighted diurnal birds of prey noted for their broad wings and strong soaring flight
eagle	n.	(golf) a score of two strokes under par on a hole
eagle	n.	a former gold coin in the United States worth 10 dollars
eagle	n.	an emblem representing power
eagle	v.	shoot two strokes under par
eagle	v.	shoot in two strokes under par
eaglet	n.	a young eagle
ear	n.	the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium
ear	n.	good hearing
ear	n.	the externally visible cartilaginous structure of the external ear
ear	n.	attention to what is said
ear	n.	fruiting spike of a cereal plant especially corn
earache	n.	an ache localized in the middle or inner ear
eardrum	n.	the membrane in the ear that vibrates to sound
earful	n.	an outpouring of gossip
earful	n.	a severe scolding
earhart	n.	first woman aviator to fly solo nonstop across the Atlantic (1928); while attempting to fly around the world she disappeared over the Pacific (1898-1937)
earl	n.	a British peer ranking below a marquess and above a viscount
earldom	n.	the dignity or rank or position of an earl or countess
earldom	n.	the domain controlled by an earl or count or countess
earliness	n.	quality of coming early or earlier in time
earlobe	n.	the fleshy pendulous part of the external human ear
early	adj.	at or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual or expected time
early	adj.	being or occurring at an early stage of development
early	adj.	belonging to the distant past
early	adj.	very young
early	adj.	of an early stage in the development of a language or literature
early	adj.	expected in the near future
early	adv.	during an early stage
early	adv.	before the usual time or the time expected
early	adv.	in good time
earmark	n.	identification mark on the ear of a domestic animal
earmark	n.	a distinctive characteristic or attribute
earmark	v.	give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
earmuff	n.	either of a pair of ear coverings (usually connected by a headband) that are worn to keep the ears warm in cold weather
earn	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
earn	v.	acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions
earned	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
earned	v.	acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions
earned	adj.	gained or acquired; especially through merit or as a result of effort or action
earner	n.	someone who earn wages in return for their labor
earnest	n.	something of value given by one person to another to bind a contract
earnest	adj.	characterized by a firm and humorless belief in the validity of your opinions
earnest	adj.	earnest
earnest	adj.	not distracted by anything unrelated to the goal
earnestness	n.	an earnest and sincere feeling
earnestness	n.	the trait of being serious; - Robert Rice
earnings	n.	the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
earnings	n.	something that remunerates
earphone	n.	electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is held over or inserted into the ear
earpiece	n.	electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is held over or inserted into the ear
earplug	n.	an earphone that is inserted into the ear canal
earplug	n.	a plug of cotton, wax, or rubber that is fitted into the ear canal for protection against the entry of water or loud noise
earring	n.	jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened through a hole in the lobe
earshot	n.	the range within which a voice can be heard
earsplitting	adj.	loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss
earth	n.	the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on
earth	n.	the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface
earth	n.	the solid part of the earth's surface
earth	n.	the abode of mortals (as contrasted with Heaven or Hell)
earth	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
earth	n.	the concerns of this life as distinguished from heaven and the afterlife
earth	n.	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage)
earth	v.	hide in the earth like a hunted animal
earth	v.	connect to the earth
earthbound	adj.	confined to the earth
earthbound	adj.	lacking wit or imagination
earthen	adj.	made of earth (or baked clay)
earthenware	n.	ceramic ware made of porous clay fired at low heat
earthling	n.	an inhabitant of the earth
earthly	adj.	of or belonging to or characteristic of this earth as distinguished from heaven
earthquake	n.	shaking and vibration at the surface of the earth resulting from underground movement along a fault plane of from volcanic activity
earthquake	n.	a disturbance that is extremely disruptive
earths	n.	the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on
earths	n.	the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface
earths	n.	the solid part of the earth's surface
earths	n.	the abode of mortals (as contrasted with Heaven or Hell)
earths	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
earths	n.	the concerns of this life as distinguished from heaven and the afterlife
earths	n.	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage)
earths	v.	hide in the earth like a hunted animal
earths	v.	connect to the earth
earthshaking	adj.	loud enough to shake the very earth
earthshaking	adj.	sufficiently significant to affect the whole world
earthwork	n.	an earthen rampart
earthworm	n.	terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet; used as bait by anglers
earthy	adj.	conspicuously and tastelessly indecent
earthy	adj.	not far removed from or suggestive of nature
earthy	adj.	hearty and lusty
earthy	adj.	of or consisting of or resembling earth
earthy	adj.	sensible and practical
earwax	n.	a soft yellow wax secreted by glands in the ear canal
earwig	n.	any of numerous insects of the order Dermaptera having elongate bodies and slender many-jointed antennae and a pair of large pincers at the rear of the abdomen
ease	n.	freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort
ease	n.	a freedom from financial difficulty that promotes a comfortable state
ease	n.	the condition of being comfortable or relieved (especially after being relieved of distress)
ease	n.	freedom from constraint or embarrassment
ease	n.	freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)
ease	v.	move gently or carefully
ease	v.	lessen pain or discomfort; alleviate
ease	v.	make easier
ease	v.	lessen the intensity of or calm
easel	n.	an upright tripod for displaying something (usually an artist's canvas)
easement	n.	(law) the privilege of using something that is not your own (as using another's land as a right of way to your own land)
easement	n.	the act of reducing something unpleasant (as pain or annoyance)
easily	adv.	with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily')
easily	adv.	without question
easily	adv.	indicating high probability; in all likelihood
easiness	n.	a feeling of refreshing tranquility and an absence of tension or worry
easiness	n.	freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort
easiness	n.	the quality of being easy in behavior or style
easing	n.	a change for the better
easing	n.	the act of reducing something unpleasant (as pain or annoyance)
easing	v.	move gently or carefully
easing	v.	lessen pain or discomfort; alleviate
easing	v.	make easier
easing	v.	lessen the intensity of or calm
east	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees
east	n.	the countries of Asia
east	n.	the region of the United States lying to the north of the Ohio River and to the east of the Mississippi River
east	n.	the direction corresponding to the eastward cardinal compass point
east	n.	a location in the eastern part of a country, region, or city
east	adj.	situated in or facing or moving toward the east
east	adv.	to, toward, or in the east
eastbound	adj.	moving toward the east
easter	n.	a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Christ; celebrated on the Sunday following the first full moon after the vernal equinox
easter	n.	a wind from the east
easterly	n.	a wind from the east
easterly	adj.	lying in or toward the east
easterly	adj.	from the east; used especially of winds
easterly	adv.	from the east
eastern	adj.	lying toward or situated in the east
eastern	adj.	of or characteristic of eastern regions of the United States
eastern	adj.	lying in or toward the east
eastern	adj.	relating to or characteristic of regions of eastern parts of the world
eastern	adj.	from the east; used especially of winds
easterner	n.	an inhabitant of an eastern area; especially of the U.S.
easterner	adj.	lying toward or situated in the east
easterner	adj.	of or characteristic of eastern regions of the United States
easterner	adj.	lying in or toward the east
easterner	adj.	relating to or characteristic of regions of eastern parts of the world
easterner	adj.	from the east; used especially of winds
easternmost	adj.	farthest to the east
eastman	n.	United States inventor of a dry-plate process of developing photographic film and of flexible film (his firm introduced roll film) and of the box camera and of a process for color photography (1854-1932)
eastward	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees
eastward	adj.	moving toward the east
eastward	adv.	toward the east
easy	adj.	posing no difficulty; requiring little effort
easy	adj.	not hurried or forced
easy	adj.	free from worry or anxiety
easy	adj.	affording pleasure
easy	adj.	having little impact
easy	adj.	readily exploited or tricked
easy	adj.	in fortunate circumstances financially; moderately rich
easy	adj.	marked by moderate steepness
easy	adj.	affording comfort
easy	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
easy	adj.	less in demand and therefore readily obtainable
easy	adj.	obtained with little effort or sacrifice, often obtained illegally
easy	adv.	with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily')
easy	adv.	without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly')
easy	adv.	in a relaxed manner; or without hardship;  (`soft' is nonstandard)
easygoing	adj.	not hurried or forced
easygoing	adj.	not burdensome or demanding; borne or done easily and without hardship
easygoing	adj.	relaxed and informal in attitude or standards
eat	v.	take in solid food
eat	v.	eat a meal; take a meal
eat	v.	take in food; used of animals only
eat	v.	worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way
eat	v.	use up (resources or materials)
eat	v.	cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid
eatable	n.	any substance that can be used as food
eatable	adj.	suitable for use as food
eaten	v.	take in solid food
eaten	v.	eat a meal; take a meal
eaten	v.	take in food; used of animals only
eaten	v.	worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way
eaten	v.	use up (resources or materials)
eaten	v.	cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid
eater	n.	someone who consumes food for nourishment
eater	n.	any green goods that are good to eat
eatery	n.	a building where people go to eat
eavesdrop	v.	listen without the speaker's knowledge
eavesdropped	v.	listen without the speaker's knowledge
eavesdropper	n.	a secret listener to private conversations
eavesdropping	v.	listen without the speaker's knowledge
ebb	n.	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number)
ebb	n.	the outward flow of the tide
ebb	v.	flow back or recede
ebb	v.	hem in fish with stakes and nets so as to prevent them from going back into the sea with the ebb
ebb	v.	fall away or decline
ebola	n.	a severe and often fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates (monkeys and chimpanzees) caused by the Ebola virus; characterized by high fever and severe internal bleeding; can be spread from person to person; is largely limited to Africa
ebonics	n.	a nonstandard form of American English characteristically spoken by African Americans in the United States
ebony	n.	a very dark black
ebony	n.	hard dark-colored heartwood of the ebony tree; used in cabinetwork and for piano keys
ebony	n.	tropical tree of southern Asia having hard dark-colored heartwood used in cabinetwork
ebony	adj.	of a very dark black
ebro	n.	a river in northeastern Spain; flows into the Mediterranean
ebullience	n.	overflowing with eager enjoyment or approval
ebullient	adj.	joyously unrestrained
ebullition	n.	an unrestrained expression of emotion
ec	n.	an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade barriers and increase cooperation among its members
eccentric	n.	a person with an unusual or odd personality
eccentric	n.	a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities)
eccentric	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
eccentric	adj.	not having a common center; not concentric
eccentrically	adv.	in an eccentric or bizarre manner
eccentrically	adv.	not symmetrically with respect to the center
eccentricity	n.	strange and unconventional behavior
eccentricity	n.	(geometry) a ratio describing the shape of a conic section; the ratio of the distance between the foci to the length of the major axis
eccentricity	n.	a circularity that has a different center or deviates from a circular path
ecclesiastes	n.	an Old Testament book consisting of reflections on the vanity of human life; is traditionally attributed to Solomon but probably was written about 250 BC
ecclesiastic	n.	a clergyman or other person in religious orders
ecclesiastic	adj.	of or associated with a church (especially a Christian Church)
ecclesiastical	adj.	of or associated with a church (especially a Christian Church)
ecg	n.	a graphical recording of the cardiac cycle produced by an electrocardiograph
echelon	n.	a body of troops arranged in a line
echelon	n.	a diffraction grating consisting of a pile of plates of equal thickness arranged stepwise with a constant offset
echidna	n.	a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to New Guinea
echidna	n.	a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to Australia
echinoderm	n.	marine invertebrates with tube feet and five-part radially symmetrical bodies
echo	n.	the repetition of a sound resulting from reflection of the sound waves
echo	n.	(Greek mythology) a nymph who was spurned by Narcissus and pined away until only her voice remained
echo	n.	a reply that repeats what has just been said
echo	n.	a reflected television or radio or radar beam
echo	n.	a close parallel of a feeling, idea, style, etc.
echo	n.	an imitation or repetition
echo	v.	to say again or imitate
echo	v.	ring or echo with sound
echo	v.	call to mind
echoes	n.	the repetition of a sound resulting from reflection of the sound waves
echoes	n.	(Greek mythology) a nymph who was spurned by Narcissus and pined away until only her voice remained
echoes	n.	a reply that repeats what has just been said
echoes	n.	a reflected television or radio or radar beam
echoes	n.	a close parallel of a feeling, idea, style, etc.
echoes	n.	an imitation or repetition
echoes	v.	to say again or imitate
echoes	v.	ring or echo with sound
echoes	v.	call to mind
echoic	adj.	(of words) formed in imitation of a natural sound; ; - Harry Hoijer
echoic	adj.	like or characteristic of an echo
echolocation	n.	determining the location of something by measuring the time it takes for an echo to return from it
echos	n.	the repetition of a sound resulting from reflection of the sound waves
echos	n.	(Greek mythology) a nymph who was spurned by Narcissus and pined away until only her voice remained
echos	n.	a reply that repeats what has just been said
echos	n.	a reflected television or radio or radar beam
echos	n.	a close parallel of a feeling, idea, style, etc.
echos	n.	an imitation or repetition
echos	v.	to say again or imitate
echos	v.	ring or echo with sound
echos	v.	call to mind
eclair	n.	oblong cream puff
eclat	n.	enthusiastic approval
eclat	n.	ceremonial elegance and splendor
eclat	n.	brilliant or conspicuous success or effect
eclectic	n.	someone who selects according to the eclectic method
eclectic	adj.	selecting what seems best of various styles or ideas
eclecticism	n.	making decisions on the basis of what seems best instead of following some single doctrine or style
eclipse	n.	one celestial body obscures another
eclipse	v.	be greater in significance than
eclipse	v.	cause an eclipse of (a celestial body) by intervention
ecliptic	n.	the great circle representing the apparent annual path of the sun; the plane of the Earth's orbit around the sun; makes an angle of about 23 degrees with the equator
eclogue	n.	a short poem descriptive of rural or pastoral life
ecologic	adj.	characterized by the interdependence of living organisms in an environment
ecologic	adj.	of or relating to the science of ecology
ecological	adj.	characterized by the interdependence of living organisms in an environment
ecological	adj.	of or relating to the science of ecology
ecologist	n.	a biologist who studies the relation between organisms and their environment
ecology	n.	the environment as it relates to living organisms
ecology	n.	the branch of biology concerned with the relations between organisms and their environment
econometric	adj.	of or relating to econometrics
economic	adj.	of or relating to an economy, the system of production and management of material wealth
economic	adj.	of or relating to the science of economics
economic	adj.	using the minimum of time or resources necessary for effectiveness
economic	adj.	concerned with worldly necessities of life (especially money)
economic	adj.	financially rewarding
economical	adj.	using the minimum of time or resources necessary for effectiveness
economical	adj.	of or relating to an economy, the system of production and management of material wealth
economical	adj.	avoiding waste
economics	n.	the branch of social science that deals with the production and distribution and consumption of goods and services and their management
economist	n.	an expert in the science of economics
economize	v.	use cautiously and frugally
economize	v.	spend sparingly, avoid the waste of
economizer	n.	a frugal person who limits spending and avoids waste
economy	n.	the system of production and distribution and consumption
economy	n.	the efficient use of resources
economy	n.	frugality in the expenditure of money or resources
economy	n.	an act of economizing; reduction in cost
ecosystem	n.	a system formed by the interaction of a community of organisms with their physical environment
ecotourism	n.	tourism to exotic or threatened ecosystems to observe wildlife or to help preserve nature
ecru	n.	a very light brown
ecstasy	n.	a state of being carried away by overwhelming emotion; - Charles Dickens
ecstasy	n.	a state of elated bliss
ecstasy	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
ecstatic	adj.	feeling great rapture or delight
ecstatically	adv.	in an ecstatic manner
ecuador	n.	a republic in northwestern South America; became independent from Spain in 1822; the landscape is dominated by the Andes
ecuadoran	n.	a native or inhabitant of Ecuador
ecuadorian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Ecuador
ecuadorian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Ecuador or its people
ecumenical	adj.	concerned with promoting unity among churches or religions
ecumenical	adj.	of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley
ecumenicism	n.	(Christianity) the doctrine of the ecumenical movement that promotes cooperation and better understanding among different religious denominations: aimed at universal Christian unity
ecumenism	n.	a movement promoting union between religions (especially between Christian churches)
ecumenism	n.	(Christianity) the doctrine of the ecumenical movement that promotes cooperation and better understanding among different religious denominations: aimed at universal Christian unity
eczema	n.	generic term for inflammatory conditions of the skin; particularly with vesiculation in the acute stages
ed	n.	impotence resulting from a man's inability to have or maintain an erection of his penis
edam	n.	mild yellow Dutch cheese made in balls encased in a red covering
edda	n.	tropical starchy tuberous root
edda	n.	either of two distinct works in Old Icelandic dating from the late 13th century and consisting of 34 mythological and heroic ballads composed between 800 and 1200; the primary source for Scandinavian mythology
eddington	n.	English astronomer remembered for his popular elucidation of relativity theory (1882-1944)
eddy	n.	founder of Christian Science in 1866 (1821-1910)
eddy	n.	a miniature whirlpool or whirlwind resulting when the current of a fluid doubles back on itself
eddy	v.	flow in a circular current, of liquids
edelweiss	n.	alpine perennial plant native to Europe having leaves covered with whitish down and small flower heads held in stars of glistening whitish bracts
edema	n.	swelling from excessive accumulation of watery fluid in cells, tissues, or serous cavities
eden	n.	any place of complete bliss and delight and peace
eden	n.	a beautiful garden where Adam and Eve were placed at the Creation; when they disobeyed and ate the forbidden fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil they were driven from their paradise (the fall of man)
edgar	n.	the younger brother of Edwy who became king of Northumbria when it renounced Edwy; on Edwy's death he succeeded to the throne of England (944-975)
edge	n.	the boundary of a surface
edge	n.	a line determining the limits of an area
edge	n.	a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object
edge	n.	the attribute of urgency in tone of voice
edge	n.	a slight competitive advantage
edge	n.	the outside limit of an object or area or surface; a place farthest away from the center of something
edge	v.	advance slowly, as if by inches
edge	v.	provide with a border or edge
edge	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
edge	v.	provide with an edge
edger	n.	a person who puts finishing edges on a garment
edger	n.	garden tool for cutting grass around the edges of a yard
edgewise	adv.	with the edge forward or on, by, or toward the edge
edgewise	adv.	as if by an edge; barely
edginess	n.	feelings of anxiety that make you tense and irritable
edging	n.	border consisting of anything placed on the edge to finish something (such as a fringe on clothing or on a rug)
edging	v.	advance slowly, as if by inches
edging	v.	provide with a border or edge
edging	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
edging	v.	provide with an edge
edgy	adj.	being in a tense state
edibility	n.	the property of being fit to eat
edible	n.	any substance that can be used as food
edible	adj.	suitable for use as food
edibleness	n.	the property of being fit to eat
edict	n.	a formal or authoritative proclamation
edict	n.	a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)
edification	n.	uplifting enlightenment
edifice	n.	a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place
edify	v.	make understand
edifying	v.	make understand
edifying	adj.	enlightening or uplifting so as to encourage intellectual or moral improvement
edinburgh	n.	the capital of Scotland; located in the Lothian Region on the south side of the Firth of Forth
edison	n.	United States inventor; inventions included the phonograph and incandescent electric light and the microphone and the Kinetoscope (1847-1931)
edit	v.	prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting
edit	v.	supervise the publication of
edit	v.	cut and assemble the components of
edit	v.	cut or eliminate
edited	v.	prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting
edited	v.	supervise the publication of
edited	v.	cut and assemble the components of
edited	v.	cut or eliminate
edited	adj.	improved or corrected by critical editing
edition	n.	the form in which a text (especially a printed book) is published
edition	n.	all of the identical copies of something offered to the public at the same time
edition	n.	an issue of a newspaper
edition	n.	something a little different from others of the same type
editor	n.	a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content of a text (especially of a newspaper or magazine)
editor	n.	(computer science) a program designed to perform such editorial functions as rearrangement or modification or deletion of data
editorial	n.	an article giving opinions or perspectives
editorial	adj.	of or relating to an article stating opinions or giving perspectives
editorial	adj.	relating to or characteristic of an editor
editorialize	v.	insert personal opinions into an objective statement
editorship	n.	the position of editor
edmonton	n.	the capital of the province of Alberta
edp	n.	automatic data processing by electronic means without the use of tabulating cards or punched tapes
educate	v.	give an education to
educate	v.	create by training and teaching
educate	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
educated	v.	give an education to
educated	v.	create by training and teaching
educated	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
educated	adj.	possessing an education (especially having more than average knowledge)
educated	adj.	characterized by full comprehension of the problem involved
education	n.	the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill
education	n.	knowledge acquired by learning and instruction
education	n.	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge
education	n.	the profession of teaching (especially at a school or college or university)
education	n.	the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct social behavior)
education	n.	the United States federal department that administers all federal programs dealing with education (including federal aid to educational institutions and students); created 1979
educational	adj.	relating to the process of education
educational	adj.	providing knowledge
educationalist	n.	a specialist in the theory of education
educationist	n.	a specialist in the theory of education
educations	n.	the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill
educations	n.	knowledge acquired by learning and instruction
educations	n.	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge
educations	n.	the profession of teaching (especially at a school or college or university)
educations	n.	the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct social behavior)
educations	n.	the United States federal department that administers all federal programs dealing with education (including federal aid to educational institutions and students); created 1979
educator	n.	someone who educates young people
educe	v.	deduce (a principle) or construe (a meaning)
educe	v.	develop or evolve from a latent or potential state
edutainment	n.	entertainment that is intended to be educational
edward	n.	King of England and Ireland in 1936; his marriage to Wallis Warfield Simpson created a constitutional crisis leading to his abdication (1894-1972)
edward	n.	King of England from 1901 to 1910; son of Victoria and Prince Albert; famous for his elegant sporting ways (1841-1910)
edward	n.	King of England and Ireland from 1547 to 1553; son of Henry VIII and Jane Seymour; died of tuberculosis (1537-1553)
edward	n.	King of England who was crowned at the age of 13 on the death of his father Edward IV but was immediately confined to the Tower of London where he and his younger brother were murdered (1470-1483)
edward	n.	King of England from 1461 to 1470 and from 1471 to 1483; was dethroned in 1470 but regained the throne in 1471 by his victory at the battle of Tewkesbury (1442-1483)
edward	n.	son of Edward II and King of England from 1327-1377; his claim to the French throne provoked the Hundred Years' War; his reign was marked by an epidemic of the Black Plague and by the emergence of the House of Commons as the powerful arm of British Parliament (1312-1377)
edward	n.	King of England from 1307 to 1327 and son of Edward I; was defeated at Bannockburn by the Scots led by Robert the Bruce; was deposed and died in prison (1284-1327)
edward	n.	King of England from 1272 to 1307; conquered Wales (1239-1307)
edward	n.	third son of Elizabeth II (born in 1964)
edward	n.	son of Edward III who defeated the French at Crecy and Poitiers in the Hundred Years' War (1330-1376)
edwardian	n.	someone belonging to (or as if belonging to) the era of Edward VII
edwardian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the era of Edward VII in England
edwards	n.	American theologian whose sermons and writings stimulated a period of renewed interest in religion in America (1703-1758)
edwards	n.	King of England and Ireland in 1936; his marriage to Wallis Warfield Simpson created a constitutional crisis leading to his abdication (1894-1972)
edwards	n.	King of England from 1901 to 1910; son of Victoria and Prince Albert; famous for his elegant sporting ways (1841-1910)
edwards	n.	King of England and Ireland from 1547 to 1553; son of Henry VIII and Jane Seymour; died of tuberculosis (1537-1553)
edwards	n.	King of England who was crowned at the age of 13 on the death of his father Edward IV but was immediately confined to the Tower of London where he and his younger brother were murdered (1470-1483)
edwards	n.	King of England from 1461 to 1470 and from 1471 to 1483; was dethroned in 1470 but regained the throne in 1471 by his victory at the battle of Tewkesbury (1442-1483)
edwards	n.	son of Edward II and King of England from 1327-1377; his claim to the French throne provoked the Hundred Years' War; his reign was marked by an epidemic of the Black Plague and by the emergence of the House of Commons as the powerful arm of British Parliament (1312-1377)
edwards	n.	King of England from 1307 to 1327 and son of Edward I; was defeated at Bannockburn by the Scots led by Robert the Bruce; was deposed and died in prison (1284-1327)
edwards	n.	King of England from 1272 to 1307; conquered Wales (1239-1307)
edwards	n.	third son of Elizabeth II (born in 1964)
edwards	n.	son of Edward III who defeated the French at Crecy and Poitiers in the Hundred Years' War (1330-1376)
edwin	n.	king of Northumbria who was converted to Christianity (585-633)
eec	n.	an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade barriers and increase cooperation among its members
eeg	n.	a graphical record of electrical activity of the brain; produced by an electroencephalograph
eel	n.	the fatty flesh of eel; an elongate fish found in fresh water in Europe and America; large eels are usually smoked or pickled
eel	n.	voracious snakelike marine or freshwater fishes with smooth slimy usually scaleless skin and having a continuous vertical fin but no ventral fins
eerie	adj.	suggestive of the supernatural; mysterious
eerie	adj.	inspiring a feeling of fear; strange and frightening
eerily	adv.	in an unnatural eery manner
eeriness	n.	strangeness by virtue of being mysterious and inspiring fear
eff	v.	have sexual intercourse with
efface	v.	remove completely from recognition or memory
efface	v.	make inconspicuous
efface	v.	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing
effacement	n.	shortening of the uterine cervix and thinning of its walls as it is dilated during labor
effacement	n.	withdrawing into the background; making yourself inconspicuous
effect	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
effect	n.	an outward appearance
effect	n.	an impression (especially one that is artificial or contrived)
effect	n.	the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work
effect	n.	(of a law) having legal validity
effect	n.	a symptom caused by an illness or a drug
effect	v.	produce
effect	v.	act so as to bring into existence
effective	adj.	producing or capable of producing an intended result or having a striking effect; -LewisMumford
effective	adj.	able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively; -G.B.Shaw
effective	adj.	works well as a means or remedy
effective	adj.	exerting force or influence
effective	adj.	existing in fact; not theoretical; real
effective	adj.	ready for service
effectiveness	n.	power to be effective; the quality of being able to bring about an effect
effectiveness	n.	capacity to produce strong physiological or chemical effects
effectual	adj.	producing or capable of producing an intended result or having a striking effect; -LewisMumford
effectual	adj.	having legal efficacy or force
effectuate	v.	produce
effeminacy	n.	the trait of being effeminate (derogatory of a man)
effeminate	adj.	having unsuitable feminine qualities
effendi	n.	a former Turkish term of respect; especially for government officials
efferent	n.	a nerve that conveys impulses toward or to muscles or glands
efferent	adj.	of nerves and nerve impulses; conveying information away from the CNS
effervesce	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
effervescence	n.	the process of bubbling as gas escapes
effervescence	n.	the property of giving off bubbles
effervescent	adj.	used of wines and waters; charged naturally or artificially with carbon dioxide
effervescent	adj.	(of a liquid) giving off bubbles
effervescent	adj.	marked by high spirits or excitement
effete	adj.	marked by excessive self-indulgence and moral decay
efficacious	adj.	marked by qualities giving the power to produce an intended effect; -Aldous Huxley
efficacious	adj.	producing or capable of producing an intended result or having a striking effect; -LewisMumford
efficacy	n.	capacity or power to produce a desired effect
efficiency	n.	the ratio of the output to the input of any system
efficiency	n.	skillfulness in avoiding wasted time and effort
efficient	adj.	being effective without wasting time or effort or expense
efficient	adj.	able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively; -G.B.Shaw
effigy	n.	a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture)
efflorescence	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
efflorescence	n.	any red eruption of the skin
efflorescence	n.	the time and process of budding and unfolding of blossoms
efflorescence	n.	a powdery deposit on a surface
efflorescent	adj.	bursting into flower
effluence	n.	the process of flowing out
effluent	n.	water mixed with waste matter
effluent	adj.	that is flowing outward
effluvia	n.	a foul-smelling outflow or vapor (especially a gaseous waste)
effluvium	n.	a foul-smelling outflow or vapor (especially a gaseous waste)
efflux	n.	the process of flowing out
effort	n.	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something
effort	n.	use of physical or mental energy; hard work
effort	n.	a notable achievement
effort	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
effortful	adj.	requiring great physical effort
effortless	adj.	requiring or apparently requiring no effort
effortless	adj.	not showing effort or strain
effortlessness	n.	the quality of requiring little effort
effrontery	n.	audacious (even arrogant) behavior that you have no right to
effulgence	n.	the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
effulgent	adj.	radiating or as if radiating light
effuse	v.	pour out
effuse	v.	flow or spill forth
effuse	v.	give out or emit (also metaphorically)
effusion	n.	an unrestrained expression of emotion
effusion	n.	flow under pressure
effusive	adj.	uttered with unrestrained enthusiasm
effusive	adj.	extravagantly demonstrative
effusiveness	n.	a friendly open trait of a talkative person
eft	n.	a newt in its terrestrial stage of development
egalitarian	n.	a person who believes in the equality of all people
egalitarian	adj.	favoring social equality
egalitarianism	n.	the doctrine of the equality of mankind and the desirability of political and economic and social equality
egg	n.	animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutritive and protective envelopes; especially the thin-shelled reproductive body laid by e.g. female birds
egg	n.	oval reproductive body of a fowl (especially a hen) used as food
egg	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
egg	v.	throw eggs at
egg	v.	coat with beaten egg
eggbeater	n.	an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades
eggbeater	n.	a mixer for beating eggs or whipping cream
eggcup	n.	dishware consisting of a small cup for serving a boiled egg
egghead	n.	an intellectual; a very studious and academic person
eggnog	n.	a punch made of sweetened milk or cream mixed with eggs and usually alcoholic liquor
eggplant	n.	egg-shaped vegetable having a shiny skin typically dark purple but occasionally white or yellow
eggplant	n.	hairy upright herb native to southeastern Asia but widely cultivated for its large glossy edible fruit commonly used as a vegetable
eggshell	n.	the exterior covering of a bird's egg
eglantine	n.	Eurasian rose with prickly stems and fragrant leaves and bright pink flowers followed by scarlet hips
ego	n.	an inflated feeling of pride in your superiority to others
ego	n.	your consciousness of your own identity
ego	n.	(psychoanalysis) the conscious mind
egocentric	n.	a self-centered person with little regard for others
egocentric	adj.	limited to or caring only about yourself and your own needs
egoism	n.	(ethics) the theory that the pursuit of your own welfare in the basis of morality
egoism	n.	concern for your own interests and welfare
egoist	n.	a conceited and self-centered person
egoist	n.	a self-centered person with little regard for others
egoistic	adj.	limited to or caring only about yourself and your own needs
egoistical	adj.	limited to or caring only about yourself and your own needs
egomania	n.	an intense and irresistible love for yourself and concern for your own needs
egomaniac	n.	an abnormally egotistical person
egotism	n.	an exaggerated opinion of your own importance
egotism	n.	an inflated feeling of pride in your superiority to others
egotist	n.	a conceited and self-centered person
egotistic	adj.	characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance
egotistic	adj.	characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
egotistical	adj.	characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance
egotistical	adj.	characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
egregious	adj.	conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible
egress	n.	(astronomy) the reappearance of a celestial body after an eclipse
egress	n.	the becoming visible
egress	n.	the act of coming (or going) out; becoming apparent
egress	v.	come out of
egret	n.	any of various usually white herons having long plumes during breeding season
egypt	n.	a republic in northeastern Africa known as the United Arab Republic until 1971; site of an ancient civilization that flourished from 2600 to 30 BC
egypt	n.	an ancient empire to the west of Israel; centered on the Nile River and ruled by a Pharaoh; figured in many events described in the Old Testament
egyptian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Egypt
egyptian	n.	the ancient and now extinct language of Egypt under the Pharaohs; written records date back to 3000 BC
egyptian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Egypt or its people or their language
egyptology	n.	archeology of ancient Egyptian artifacts
ehrenberg	n.	Russian novelist (1891-1967)
ehrlich	n.	German bacteriologist who found a `magic bullet' to cure syphilis and was a pioneer in the study of immunology (1854-1915)
eichmann	n.	Austrian who became the Nazi official who administered the concentration camps where millions of Jews were murdered during World War II (1906-1962)
eider	n.	duck of the northern hemisphere much valued for the fine soft down of the females
eiderdown	n.	a soft quilt usually filled with the down of the eider
eiderdown	n.	down of the eider duck
eiffel	n.	French engineer who constructed the Eiffel Tower (1832-1923)
eigenvalue	n.	(mathematics) any number such that a given square matrix minus that number times the identity matrix has a zero determinant
eight	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of seven and one
eight	n.	a group of United States painters founded in 1907 and noted for their realistic depictions of sordid aspects of city life
eight	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck with eight pips on the face
eight	adj.	being one more than seven
eighteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one
eighteen	adj.	being one more than seventeen
eighteenth	n.	position 18 in a countable series of things
eighteenth	adj.	coming next after the seventeenth in position
eighteenths	n.	position 18 in a countable series of things
eighth	n.	position eight in a countable series of things
eighth	n.	one part in eight equal parts
eighth	adj.	coming next after the seventh and just before the ninth in position
eighths	n.	position eight in a countable series of things
eighths	n.	one part in eight equal parts
eightieth	n.	position 80 in a countable series of things
eightieth	adj.	the ordinal number of eighty in counting order
eightieths	n.	position 80 in a countable series of things
eighty	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and eight
eighty	adj.	being ten more than seventy
einstein	n.	physicist born in Germany who formulated the special theory of relativity and the general theory of relativity; Einstein also proposed that light consists of discrete quantized bundles of energy (later called photons) (1879-1955)
einstein	n.	someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality
einsteinium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element produced by bombarding plutonium with neutrons
eire	n.	a republic consisting of 26 of 32 counties comprising the island of Ireland; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1921
eisenhower	n.	United States general who supervised the invasion of Normandy and the defeat of Nazi Germany; 34th President of the United States (1890-1961)
eisenstein	n.	Russian film maker who pioneered the use of montage and is considered among the most influential film makers in the history of motion pictures (1898-1948)
eisteddfod	n.	any of several annual Welsh festivals involving artistic competitions (especially in singing)
either	adv.	after a negative statement used as an intensive meaning something like `likewise' or `also'
ejaculate	n.	the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract
ejaculate	v.	utter impulsively
ejaculate	v.	eject semen
ejaculation	n.	an abrupt emphatic exclamation expressing emotion
ejaculation	n.	the discharge of semen in males
eject	v.	put out or expel from a place
eject	v.	eliminate (a substance)
eject	v.	leave an aircraft rapidly, using an ejection seat or capsule
eject	v.	cause to come out in a squirt
ejection	n.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting
ejection	n.	the act of forcing out someone or something
ejector	n.	a person who ousts or supplants someone else
ejector	n.	a mechanism in a firearm that ejects the empty shell case after firing
ekg	n.	a graphical recording of the cardiac cycle produced by an electrocardiograph
elaborate	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
elaborate	v.	produce from basic elements or sources; change into a more developed product
elaborate	v.	make more complex, intricate, or richer
elaborate	v.	work out in detail
elaborate	adj.	marked by complexity and richness of detail
elaborate	adj.	developed or executed with care and in minute detail; ; - John Buchan
elaborateness	n.	marked by elaborately complex detail
elaborateness	n.	an ornate appearance; being elaborately (even excessively) decorated
elaboration	n.	addition of extra material or illustration or clarifying detail
elaboration	n.	the result of improving something
elaboration	n.	a discussion that provides additional information
elaboration	n.	marked by elaborately complex detail
elaboration	n.	developing in intricate and painstaking detail
elam	n.	an ancient country in southwestern Asia to the east of the Tigris River (in what is modern Iran); was known for its warlike people
elan	n.	a feeling of strong eagerness (usually in favor of a person or cause)
elan	n.	distinctive and stylish elegance
elan	n.	enthusiastic and assured vigor and liveliness
eland	n.	either of two large African antelopes of the genus Taurotragus having short spirally twisted horns in both sexes
elapse	v.	pass by
elastic	n.	a narrow band of elastic rubber used to hold things (such as papers) together
elastic	n.	a fabric made of yarns containing an elastic material
elastic	adj.	capable of resuming original shape after stretching or compression; springy
elastic	adj.	able to adjust readily to different conditions
elasticity	n.	the tendency of a body to return to its original shape after it has been stretched or compressed
elastoplast	n.	an elastic adhesive bandage for covering cuts or wounds
elate	v.	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism
elated	v.	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism
elated	adj.	exultantly proud and joyful; in high spirits
elated	adj.	full of high-spirited delight
elation	n.	an exhilarating psychological state of pride and optimism; an absence of depression
elation	n.	a feeling of joy and pride
elbe	n.	a river in central Europe that arises in northwestern Czechoslovakia and flows northward through Germany to empty into the North Sea
elbow	n.	hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in the forelimb of a quadruped
elbow	n.	a sharp bend in a road or river
elbow	n.	a length of pipe with a sharp bend in it
elbow	n.	the part of a sleeve that covers the elbow joint
elbow	n.	the joint of a mammal or bird that corresponds to the human elbow
elbow	v.	push one's way with the elbows
elbow	v.	shove one's elbow into another person's ribs
elder	n.	a person who is older than you are
elder	n.	any of numerous shrubs or small trees of temperate and subtropical northern hemisphere having white flowers and berrylike fruit
elder	n.	any of various church officers
elder	adj.	used of the older of two persons of the same name especially used to distinguish a father from his son
elderberry	n.	a common shrub with black fruit or a small tree of Europe and Asia; fruit used for wines and jellies
elderberry	n.	berrylike fruit of an elder used for e.g. wines and jellies
eldest	n.	the offspring who came first in the order of birth
eldest	adj.	first in order of birth
eldritch	adj.	suggesting the operation of supernatural influences; ; ; - John Galsworthy; ; - Henry Kingsley
elect	n.	an exclusive group of people
elect	v.	select by a vote for an office or membership
elect	v.	choose
elect	adj.	selected as the best
elect	adj.	elected but not yet installed in office
election	n.	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office
election	n.	the act of selecting someone or something; the exercise of deliberate choice
election	n.	the status or fact of being elected
election	n.	the predestination of some individuals as objects of divine mercy (especially as conceived by Calvinists)
electioneer	v.	work actively for a political candidate or a party
elective	n.	a course that the student can select from among alternatives
elective	adj.	subject to popular election
elective	adj.	not compulsory
elector	n.	a citizen who has a legal right to vote
elector	n.	any of the German princes who were entitled to vote in the election of new emperor of the Holy Roman Empire
electoral	adj.	of or relating to elections
electoral	adj.	relating to or composed of electors
electorate	n.	the body of enfranchised citizens; those qualified to vote
electra	n.	(Greek mythology) the daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra; persuaded her brother (Orestes) to avenge Agamemnon's death by helping her to kill Clytemnestra and her lover (Aegisthus)
electric	n.	a car that is powered by electricity
electric	adj.	using or providing or producing or transmitting or operated by electricity
electric	adj.	(of a situation) exceptionally tense
electric	adj.	affected by emotion as if by electricity; thrilling
electrical	adj.	relating to or concerned with electricity
electrical	adj.	using or providing or producing or transmitting or operated by electricity
electrician	n.	a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines
electricity	n.	a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and protons
electricity	n.	energy made available by the flow of electric charge through a conductor
electricity	n.	keen and shared excitement
electrification	n.	the activity of thrilling or markedly exciting some person or group
electrification	n.	the act of providing electricity
electrify	v.	excite suddenly and intensely
electrify	v.	charge (a conductor) with electricity
electrify	v.	equip for use with electricity
electrocardiogram	n.	a graphical recording of the cardiac cycle produced by an electrocardiograph
electrocardiograph	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents associated with contractions of the heart
electrocardiographs	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents associated with contractions of the heart
electrocardiography	n.	diagnostic procedure consisting of recording the activity of the heart electronically with a cardiograph (and producing a cardiogram)
electrocute	v.	kill by electric shock
electrocute	v.	kill by electrocution, as in the electric chair
electrocution	n.	execution by electricity
electrocution	n.	killing by electric shock
electrode	n.	a conductor used to make electrical contact with some part of a circuit
electroencephalogram	n.	a graphical record of electrical activity of the brain; produced by an electroencephalograph
electroencephalograph	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents generated by the brain
electroencephalographic	adj.	of or relating to an electroencephalograph
electroencephalographs	n.	medical instrument that records electric currents generated by the brain
electrologist	n.	someone skilled in the use of electricity to remove moles or warts or hair roots
electrolysis	n.	(chemistry) a chemical decomposition reaction produced by passing an electric current through a solution containing ions
electrolysis	n.	removing superfluous or unwanted hair by passing an electric current through the hair root
electrolyte	n.	a solution that conducts electricity
electrolytic	n.	a fixed capacitor consisting of two electrodes separated by an electrolyte
electrolytic	adj.	of or concerned with or produced by electrolysis
electrolytic	adj.	of or relating to or containing an electrolyte
electromagnet	n.	a temporary magnet made by coiling wire around an iron core; when current flows in the coil the iron becomes a magnet
electromagnetic	adj.	pertaining to or exhibiting magnetism produced by electric charge in motion
electromagnetism	n.	magnetism produced by an electric current
electromagnetism	n.	the branch of physics concerned with electromagnetic phenomena
electromotive	adj.	concerned with or producing electric current
electron	n.	an elementary particle with negative charge
electronic	adj.	of or relating to electronics; concerned with or using devices that operate on principles governing the behavior of electrons
electronic	adj.	of or concerned with electrons
electronically	adv.	by electronic means
electronics	n.	the branch of physics that deals with the emission and effects of electrons and with the use of electronic devices
electroplate	n.	any artifact that has been plated with a thin coat of metal by electrolysis
electroplate	v.	coat with metal by electrolysis
electroscope	n.	measuring instrument that detects electric charge; two gold leaves diverge owing to repulsion of charges with like sign
electroshock	n.	the administration of a strong electric current that passes through the brain to induce convulsions and coma
electrostatic	adj.	concerned with or producing or caused by static electricity
electrostatics	n.	the branch of physics that deals with static electricity
eleemosynary	adj.	generous in assistance to the poor
elegance	n.	a refined quality of gracefulness and good taste
elegance	n.	a quality of neatness and ingenious simplicity in the solution of a problem (especially in science or mathematics)
elegant	adj.	refined and tasteful in appearance or behavior or style
elegant	adj.	suggesting taste, ease, and wealth
elegant	adj.	displaying effortless beauty and simplicity in movement or execution
elegiac	adj.	resembling or characteristic of or appropriate to an elegy
elegiac	adj.	expressing sorrow often for something past
elegy	n.	a mournful poem; a lament for the dead
element	n.	an abstract part of something
element	n.	an artifact that is one of the individual parts of which a composite entity is made up; especially a part that can be separated from or attached to a system
element	n.	any of the more than 100 known substances (of which 92 occur naturally) that cannot be separated into simpler substances and that singly or in combination constitute all matter
element	n.	the most favorable environment for a plant or animal
element	n.	one of four substances thought in ancient and medieval cosmology to constitute the physical universe
element	n.	the situation in which you are happiest and most effective
element	n.	a straight line that generates a cylinder or cone
elemental	adj.	relating to or being an element
elemental	adj.	relating to severe atmospheric conditions; - J.K.Howard
elemental	adj.	of or being the essential or basic part
elementary	adj.	easy and not involved or complicated
elementary	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of elementary school or elementary education
elementary	adj.	of or being the essential or basic part
elephant	n.	five-toed pachyderm
elephant	n.	the symbol of the Republican Party; introduced in cartoons by Thomas Nast in 1874
elephantiasis	n.	hypertrophy of certain body parts (usually legs and scrotum); the end state of the disease filariasis
elephantine	adj.	of great mass; huge and bulky
elevate	v.	give a promotion to or assign to a higher position
elevate	v.	raise from a lower to a higher position
elevate	v.	raise in rank or condition
elevation	n.	the event of something being raised upward
elevation	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
elevation	n.	angular distance above the horizon (especially of a celestial object)
elevation	n.	a raised or elevated geological formation
elevation	n.	distance of something above a reference point (such as sea level)
elevation	n.	(ballet) the height of a dancer's leap or jump
elevation	n.	drawing of an exterior of a structure
elevation	n.	the act of increasing the wealth or prestige or power or scope of something
elevator	n.	lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to move people from one floor to another in a building
elevator	n.	the airfoil on the tailplane of an aircraft that makes it ascend or descend
eleven	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one
eleven	n.	a team that plays football
eleven	adj.	being one more than ten
elevens	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one
elevens	n.	a team that plays football
eleventh	n.	position 11 in a countable series of things
eleventh	adj.	coming next after the tenth and just before the twelfth in position
elevenths	n.	position 11 in a countable series of things
elf	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
elf	n.	below 3 kilohertz
elfin	adj.	suggestive of an elf in strangeness and otherworldliness; ; - John Mason Brown
elfin	adj.	small and delicate
elfin	adj.	relating to or made or done by or as if by an elf
elfin	adj.	usually good-naturedly mischievous
elfish	adj.	usually good-naturedly mischievous
elgar	n.	British composer of choral and orchestral works including two symphonies as well as songs and chamber music and music for brass band (1857-1934)
elias	n.	English essayist (1775-1834)
elicit	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
elicit	v.	deduce (a principle) or construe (a meaning)
elicit	v.	derive by reason
elicitation	n.	stimulation that calls up (draws forth) a particular class of behaviors
elide	v.	leave or strike out
eligibility	n.	the quality or state of being eligible
eligible	adj.	qualified for or allowed or worthy of being chosen
elijah	n.	a Hebrew prophet in the Old Testament who opposed the worship of idols; he was persecuted for rebuking Ahab and Jezebel (king and queen of Israel); he was taken up to heaven in a chariot of fire (circa 9th century BC)
eliminate	v.	terminate, end, or take out
eliminate	v.	do away with
eliminate	v.	kill in large numbers
eliminate	v.	dismiss from consideration or a contest
eliminate	v.	eliminate from the body
eliminate	v.	remove from a contest or race
eliminate	v.	remove (an unknown variable) from two or more equations
elimination	n.	the act of removing or getting rid of something
elimination	n.	the bodily process of discharging waste matter
elimination	n.	analysis of a problem into alternative possibilities followed by the systematic rejection of unacceptable alternatives
elimination	n.	the act of removing an unknown mathematical quantity by combining equations
elimination	n.	the murder of a competitor
eliminator	n.	an agent that eliminates something
eliot	n.	British poet (born in the United States) who won the Nobel prize for literature; his plays are outstanding examples of modern verse drama (1888-1965)
eliot	n.	British writer of novels characterized by realistic analysis of provincial Victorian society (1819-1880)
elisa	n.	an assay that relies on an enzymatic conversion reaction and is used to detect the presence of specific substances (such as enzymes or viruses or antibodies or bacteria)
elision	n.	omission of a sound between two words (usually a vowel and the end of one word or the beginning of the next)
elision	n.	a deliberate act of omission
elite	n.	a group or class of persons enjoying superior intellectual or social or economic status
elite	adj.	selected as the best
elitism	n.	the attitude that society should be governed by an elite group of individuals
elitist	n.	someone who believes in rule by an elite group
elixir	n.	a sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste
elixir	n.	hypothetical substance that the alchemists believed to be capable of changing base metals into gold
elixir	n.	a substance believed to cure all ills
elizabeth	n.	daughter of George VI who became the Queen of England and Northern Ireland in 1952 on the death of her father (1926-)
elizabeth	n.	Queen of England from 1558 to 1603; daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn; she succeeded Mary I (who was a Catholic) and restored Protestantism to England; during her reign Mary Queen of Scots was executed and the Spanish Armada was defeated; her reign was marked by prosperity and literary genius (1533-1603)
elizabethan	n.	a person who lived during the reign of Elizabeth I
elizabethan	adj.	of or relating to Elizabeth I of England or to the age in which she ruled as queen
elk	n.	large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America
elk	n.	large North American deer with large much-branched antlers in the male
elk	n.	common deer of temperate Europe and Asia
ell	n.	an extension at the end and at right angles to the main building
ellington	n.	United States jazz composer and piano player and bandleader (1899-1974)
ellipse	n.	a closed plane curve resulting from the intersection of a circular cone and a plane cutting completely through it
ellipsis	n.	omission or suppression of parts of words or sentences
ellipsoid	n.	a surface whose plane sections are all ellipses or circles
ellipsoid	adj.	having the nature or shape of an ellipsoid
ellipsoidal	adj.	having the nature or shape of an ellipsoid
elliptic	adj.	(of a leaf shape) in the form of an ellipse
elliptic	adj.	rounded like an egg
elliptic	adj.	characterized by extreme economy of expression or omission of superfluous elements; ; - H.O.Taylor
elliptical	adj.	rounded like an egg
elliptical	adj.	characterized by extreme economy of expression or omission of superfluous elements; ; - H.O.Taylor
ellis	n.	(Norse mythology) goddess of old age who defeated Thor in a wrestling match
ellison	n.	United States novelist who wrote about a young Black man and his struggles in American society (1914-1994)
elm	n.	any of various trees of the genus Ulmus: important timber or shade trees
elm	n.	hard tough wood of an elm tree; used for e.g. implements and furniture
elocution	n.	an expert manner of speaking involving control of voice and gesture
elocutionary	adj.	of or relating to elocution
elocutionary	adj.	(used of style of speaking) overly embellished
elocutionist	n.	a public speaker trained in voice production and gesture and delivery
elodea	n.	submerged freshwater perennials
elongate	v.	make long or longer by pulling and stretching
elongate	adj.	(of a leaf shape) long and narrow
elongate	adj.	having notably more length than width; being long and slender
elongation	n.	the quality of being elongated
elongation	n.	an addition to the length of something
elongation	n.	the act of lengthening something
elope	v.	run away secretly with one's beloved
elopement	n.	the act of running away with a lover (usually to get married)
eloquence	n.	powerful and effective language
eloquent	adj.	expressing yourself readily, clearly, effectively
elsewhere	adv.	in or to another place
elucidate	v.	make clear and (more) comprehensible
elucidate	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
elucidation	n.	an act of explaining that serves to clear up and cast light on
elucidation	n.	an interpretation that removes obstacles to understanding
elude	v.	escape, either physically or mentally
elude	v.	be incomprehensible to; escape understanding by
elude	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
elul	n.	the twelfth month of the civil year; the sixth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in August and September)
elusive	adj.	difficult to describe
elusive	adj.	skillful at eluding capture; - David Kline
elusive	adj.	difficult to detect or grasp by the mind or analyze
elusive	adj.	making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve or believe
elusiveness	n.	the quality of being difficult to grasp or pin down
elver	n.	young eel; may be sauteed or batter-fried
elver	n.	young eel
elves	n.	an acronym for emissions of light and very low frequency perturbations due to electromagnetic pulse sources; extremely bright extremely short (less than a msec) electrical flashes forming a huge ring (up to 400 km diameter) in the ionosphere
elves	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
elves	n.	below 3 kilohertz
elvis	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
elvish	adj.	usually good-naturedly mischievous
elysian	adj.	relating to the Elysian Fields
elysian	adj.	being of such surpassing excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods
elysium	n.	a place or condition of ideal happiness
elysium	n.	(Greek mythology) the abode of the blessed after death
em	n.	a quad with a square body
em	n.	a linear unit (1/6 inch) used in printing
emaciate	v.	cause to grow thin or weak
emaciate	v.	grow weak and thin or waste away physically
emaciation	n.	extreme leanness (usually caused by starvation or disease)
email	n.	(computer science) a system of world-wide electronic communication in which a computer user can compose a message at one terminal that can be regenerated at the recipient's terminal when the recipient logs in
email	v.	communicate electronically on the computer
emanate	v.	proceed or issue forth, as from a source
emanate	v.	give out (breath or an odor)
emanation	n.	something that is emitted or radiated (as a gas or an odor or a light, etc.)
emanation	n.	the act of emitting; causing to flow forth
emanation	n.	(theology) the origination of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost
emancipate	v.	give equal rights to; of women and minorities
emancipate	v.	free from slavery or servitude
emancipation	n.	freeing someone from the control of another; especially a parent's relinquishing authority and control over a minor child
emancipator	n.	someone who frees others from bondage
emasculate	v.	deprive of strength or vigor
emasculate	v.	remove the testicles of a male animal
emasculate	adj.	having unsuitable feminine qualities
emasculation	n.	loss of power and masculinity
emasculation	n.	neutering a male animal by removing the testicles
embalm	v.	preserve a dead body
embalmer	n.	a mortician who treats corpses with preservatives
embank	v.	enclose with banks, as for support or protection
embankment	n.	a long artificial mound of stone or earth; built to hold back water or to support a road or as protection
embargo	n.	a government order imposing a trade barrier
embargo	v.	ban the publication of (documents), as for security or copyright reasons
embargo	v.	prevent commerce
embargoes	n.	a government order imposing a trade barrier
embargoes	v.	ban the publication of (documents), as for security or copyright reasons
embargoes	v.	prevent commerce
embark	v.	go on board
embark	v.	set out on (an enterprise or subject of study)
embark	v.	proceed somewhere despite the risk of possible dangers
embarkation	n.	the act of passengers and crew getting aboard a ship or aircraft
embarkations	n.	the act of passengers and crew getting aboard a ship or aircraft
embarrass	v.	cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious
embarrass	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
embarrassed	v.	cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious
embarrassed	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
embarrassed	adj.	feeling or caused to feel uneasy and self-conscious
embarrassed	adj.	made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride
embarrassing	v.	cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious
embarrassing	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
embarrassing	adj.	hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment
embarrassing	adj.	causing to feel shame or chagrin or vexation
embarrassment	n.	the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public
embarrassment	n.	the state of being embarrassed (usually by some financial inadequacy)
embarrassment	n.	some event that causes someone to be embarrassed
embarrassment	n.	extreme excess
embassy	n.	a diplomatic building where ambassadors live or work
embassy	n.	an ambassador and his entourage collectively
embattled	v.	fortify by furnishing with battlements for defense
embattled	v.	prepare for battle or conflict
embattled	adj.	prepared for battle
embattled	adj.	having or resembling repeated square indentations like those in a battlement
embed	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
embed	v.	attach to, as a journalist to a military unit when reporting on a war
embedded	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
embedded	v.	attach to, as a journalist to a military unit when reporting on a war
embedded	adj.	enclosed firmly in a surrounding mass
embedded	adj.	inserted as an integral part of a surrounding whole
embedding	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
embedding	v.	attach to, as a journalist to a military unit when reporting on a war
embellish	v.	add details to
embellish	v.	be beautiful to look at
embellish	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
embellish	v.	make more beautiful
embellishment	n.	elaboration of an interpretation by the use of decorative (sometimes fictitious) detail
embellishment	n.	a superfluous ornament
embellishment	n.	the act of adding extraneous decorations to something
ember	n.	a hot fragment of wood or coal that is left from a fire and is glowing or smoldering
embezzle	v.	appropriate (as property entrusted to one's care) fraudulently to one's own use
embezzlement	n.	the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else
embezzler	n.	someone who violates a trust by taking (money) for his own use
embitter	v.	cause to be bitter or resentful
embitterment	n.	the state of being embittered
emblazon	v.	decorate with colors
emblazon	v.	decorate with heraldic arms
emblem	n.	special design or visual object representing a quality, type, group, etc.
emblem	n.	a visible symbol representing an abstract idea
emblematic	adj.	serving as a visible symbol for something abstract
emblematic	adj.	being or serving as an illustration of a type
embodiment	n.	a new personification of a familiar idea
embodiment	n.	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept
embodiment	n.	giving concrete form to an abstract concept
embody	v.	represent in bodily form
embody	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
embody	v.	represent or express something abstract in tangible form
embolden	v.	give encouragement to
embolism	n.	an insertion into a calendar
embolism	n.	occlusion of a blood vessel by an embolus (a loose clot or air bubble or other particle)
emboss	v.	raise in a relief
embouchure	n.	the aperture of a wind instrument into which the player blows directly
embower	v.	enclose in a bower
embrace	n.	the act of clasping another person in the arms (as in greeting or affection)
embrace	n.	the state of taking in or encircling
embrace	n.	a close affectionate and protective acceptance
embrace	v.	include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory
embrace	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
embrace	v.	take up the cause, ideology, practice, method, of someone and use it as one's own
embrasure	n.	an opening (in a wall or ship or armored vehicle) for firing through
embrocation	n.	a medicinal liquid that is rubbed into the skin to relieve muscular stiffness and pain
embroider	v.	decorate with needlework
embroider	v.	add details to
embroiderer	n.	someone who ornaments with needlework
embroidery	n.	elaboration of an interpretation by the use of decorative (sometimes fictitious) detail
embroidery	n.	decorative needlework
embroil	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
embroilment	n.	an intricate and confusing interpersonal or political situation
embryo	n.	(botany) a minute rudimentary plant contained within a seed or an archegonium
embryo	n.	an animal organism in the early stages of growth and differentiation that in higher forms merge into fetal stages but in lower forms terminate in commencement of larval life
embryologist	n.	a physician who specializes in embryology
embryology	n.	the branch of biology that studies the formation and early development of living organisms
embryonic	adj.	of an organism prior to birth or hatching
embryonic	adj.	in an early stage of development
emcee	n.	a person who acts as host at formal occasions (makes an introductory speech and introduces other speakers)
emcee	v.	act as a master of ceremonies
emceeing	v.	act as a master of ceremonies
emend	v.	make improvements or corrections to
emendation	n.	a correction by emending; a correction resulting from critical editing
emerald	n.	a green transparent form of beryl; highly valued as a gemstone
emerald	n.	a transparent piece of emerald that has been cut and polished and is valued as a precious gem
emerald	n.	the green color of an emerald
emerge	v.	come out into view, as from concealment
emerge	v.	come out of
emerge	v.	become known or apparent
emerge	v.	come up to the surface of or rise
emerge	v.	happen or occur as a result of something
emergence	n.	the gradual beginning or coming forth
emergence	n.	the becoming visible
emergence	n.	the act of emerging
emergence	n.	the act of coming (or going) out; becoming apparent
emergency	n.	a sudden unforeseen crisis (usually involving danger) that requires immediate action
emergency	n.	a state in which martial law applies
emergency	n.	a brake operated by hand; usually operates by mechanical linkage
emergent	adj.	occurring unexpectedly and requiring urgent action
emergent	adj.	coming into existence
emeritus	n.	a professor or minister who is retired from assigned duties
emeritus	adj.	honorably retired from assigned duties and retaining your title along with the additional title `emeritus' as in `professor emeritus'
emerson	n.	United States writer and leading exponent of transcendentalism (1803-1882)
emery	n.	a hard grey-black mineral consisting of corundum and either hematite or magnetite; used as an abrasive (especially as a coating on paper)
emetic	n.	a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting
emf	n.	the rate at which energy is drawn from a source that produces a flow of electricity in a circuit; expressed in volts
emigrant	n.	someone who leaves one country to settle in another
emigrate	v.	leave one's country of residence for a new one
emigration	n.	migration from a place (especially migration from your native country in order to settle in another)
emigre	n.	someone who leaves one country to settle in another
emile	n.	the boy whose upbringing was described by Jean-Jacques Rousseau
emilia	n.	tropical African herbs
eminence	n.	high status importance owing to marked superiority
eminence	n.	a protuberance on a bone especially for attachment of a muscle or ligament
eminent	adj.	standing above others in quality or position
eminent	adj.	of imposing height; especially standing out above others
emir	n.	an independent ruler or chieftain (especially in Africa or Arabia)
emirate	n.	the domain controlled by an emir
emirate	n.	the office of an emir
emissary	n.	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else
emission	n.	the act of emitting; causing to flow forth
emission	n.	a substance that is emitted or released
emission	n.	the release of electrons from parent atoms
emission	n.	any of several bodily processes by which substances go out of the body
emission	n.	the occurrence of a flow of water (as from a pipe)
emit	v.	expel (gases or odors)
emit	v.	give off, send forth, or discharge; as of light, heat, or radiation, vapor, etc.
emit	v.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words)
emitted	v.	expel (gases or odors)
emitted	v.	give off, send forth, or discharge; as of light, heat, or radiation, vapor, etc.
emitted	v.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words)
emitter	n.	the electrode in a transistor where electrons originate
emitting	v.	expel (gases or odors)
emitting	v.	give off, send forth, or discharge; as of light, heat, or radiation, vapor, etc.
emitting	v.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words)
emmy	n.	an annual award by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for outstanding achievements in television
emollient	n.	toiletry consisting of any of various substances in the form of a thick liquid that have a soothing and moisturizing effect when applied to the skin
emollient	adj.	having a softening or soothing effect especially to the skin
emolument	n.	compensation received by virtue of holding an office or having employment (usually in the form of wages or fees)
emote	v.	give expression or emotion to, in a stage or movie role
emoticon	n.	a representation of a facial expression (as a smile or frown) created by typing a sequence of characters in sending email
emotion	n.	any strong feeling
emotional	adj.	determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason
emotional	adj.	of more than usual emotion
emotional	adj.	of or pertaining to emotion
emotional	adj.	(of persons) excessively affected by emotion
emotionalism	n.	emotional nature or quality
emotionless	adj.	unmoved by feeling; ; -Margaret Deland
emotive	adj.	characterized by emotion
empathetic	adj.	showing empathy or ready comprehension of others' states
empathize	v.	be understanding of
empathy	n.	understanding and entering into another's feelings
emperor	n.	the male ruler of an empire
emperor	n.	red table grape of California
emperor	n.	large moth of temperate forests of Eurasia having heavily scaled transparent wings
emperor	n.	large richly colored butterfly
emphases	n.	special importance or significance
emphases	n.	intensity or forcefulness of expression
emphases	n.	special and significant stress by means of position or repetition e.g.
emphases	n.	the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)
emphasis	n.	special importance or significance
emphasis	n.	intensity or forcefulness of expression
emphasis	n.	special and significant stress by means of position or repetition e.g.
emphasis	n.	the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)
emphasize	v.	to stress, single out as important
emphasize	v.	give extra weight to (a communication)
emphatic	adj.	spoken with emphasis
emphatic	adj.	sudden and strong
emphatic	adj.	forceful and definite in expression or action
emphatically	adv.	without question and beyond doubt
emphysema	n.	an abnormal condition of the lungs marked by decreased respiratory function; associated with smoking or chronic bronchitis or old age
empire	n.	the domain ruled by an emperor or empress; the region over which imperial dominion is exercised
empire	n.	a group of countries under a single authority
empire	n.	a monarchy with an emperor as head of state
empire	n.	a group of diverse companies under common ownership and run as a single organization
empire	n.	an eating apple that somewhat resembles a McIntosh; used as both an eating and a cooking apple
empiric	adj.	relying on medical quackery
empiric	adj.	derived from experiment and observation rather than theory
empirical	adj.	derived from experiment and observation rather than theory
empirical	adj.	relying on medical quackery
empiricism	n.	(philosophy) the doctrine that knowledge derives from experience
empiricism	n.	the application of empirical methods in any art or science
empiricism	n.	medical practice and advice based on observation and experience in ignorance of scientific findings
empiricist	n.	a philosopher who subscribes to empiricism
emplacement	n.	military installation consisting of a prepared position for siting a weapon
emplacement	n.	the act of putting something in a certain place
employ	n.	the state of being employed or having a job
employ	v.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
employ	v.	engage or hire for work
employable	n.	a person who is qualified and ready to work
employable	adj.	physically and mentally capable of working at a regular job and available
employee	n.	a worker who is hired to perform a job
employer	n.	a person or firm that employs workers
employment	n.	the state of being employed or having a job
employment	n.	the occupation for which you are paid
employment	n.	the act of giving someone a job
employment	n.	the act of using
employments	n.	the state of being employed or having a job
employments	n.	the occupation for which you are paid
employments	n.	the act of giving someone a job
employments	n.	the act of using
emporium	n.	a large retail store organized into departments offering a variety of merchandise; commonly part of a retail chain
empower	v.	give or delegate power or authority to
empower	v.	give qualities or abilities to
empowerment	n.	the act of conferring legality or sanction or formal warrant
empress	n.	a woman emperor or the wife of an emperor
emptiness	n.	the state of containing nothing
emptiness	n.	having an empty stomach
emptiness	n.	an empty area or space
emptiness	n.	the quality of being valueless or futile
empty	n.	a container that has been emptied
empty	v.	make void or empty of contents
empty	v.	become empty or void of its content
empty	v.	leave behind empty; move out of
empty	v.	remove
empty	v.	excrete or discharge from the body
empty	adj.	holding or containing nothing
empty	adj.	devoid of significance or point
empty	adj.	needing nourishment
empty	adj.	emptied of emotion
empyrean	n.	the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
empyrean	adj.	of or relating to the sky or heavens
empyrean	adj.	inspiring awe; - M.S.Dworkin; - Hamilton Basso
emu	n.	any of various systems of units for measuring electricity and magnetism
emu	n.	large Australian flightless bird similar to the ostrich but smaller
emulate	v.	strive to equal or match, especially by imitating
emulate	v.	imitate the function of (another system), as by modifying the hardware or the software
emulate	v.	compete with successfully; approach or reach equality with
emulation	n.	ambition to equal or excel
emulation	n.	(computer science) technique of one machine obtaining the same results as another
emulation	n.	effort to equal or surpass another
emulator	n.	someone who copies the words or behavior of another
emulsifier	n.	a surface-active agent that promotes the formation of an emulsion
emulsify	v.	cause to become an emulsion; make into an emulsion
emulsify	v.	form into or become an emulsion
emulsion	n.	(chemistry) a colloid in which both phases are liquids
emulsion	n.	a light-sensitive coating on paper or film; consists of fine grains of silver bromide suspended in a gelatin
en	n.	half the width of an em
enable	v.	render capable or able for some task
enact	v.	order by virtue of superior authority; decree
enact	v.	act out; represent or perform as if in a play
enactment	n.	the passing of a law by a legislative body
enactment	n.	a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body
enactment	n.	acting the part of a character on stage; dramatically representing the character by speech and action and gesture
enamel	n.	hard white substance covering the crown of a tooth
enamel	n.	a colored glassy compound (opaque or partially opaque) that is fused to the surface of metal or glass or pottery for decoration or protection
enamel	n.	a paint that dries to a hard glossy finish
enamel	n.	any smooth glossy coating that resembles ceramic glaze
enamel	v.	coat, inlay, or surface with enamel
enamelware	n.	cooking utensil of enameled iron
enamor	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
encamp	v.	live in or as if in a tent
encampment	n.	a site where people on holiday can pitch a tent
encampment	n.	temporary living quarters specially built by the army for soldiers
encampment	n.	the act of encamping and living in tents in a camp
encapsulate	v.	enclose in a capsule or other small container
encapsulate	v.	put in a short or concise form; reduce in volume
encapsulation	n.	the condition of being enclosed (as in a capsule)
encapsulation	n.	the process of enclosing (as in a capsule)
encase	v.	enclose in, or as if in, a case
encasement	n.	the act of enclosing something in a case
encephalitis	n.	inflammation of the brain usually caused by a virus; symptoms include headache and neck pain and drowsiness and nausea and fever (`phrenitis' is no longer in scientific use)
enchain	v.	restrain or bind with chains
enchant	v.	hold spellbound
enchant	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
enchant	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
enchanter	n.	a sorcerer or magician
enchanting	v.	hold spellbound
enchanting	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
enchanting	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
enchanting	adj.	capturing interest as if by a spell
enchantment	n.	a feeling of great liking for something wonderful and unusual
enchantment	n.	a psychological state induced by (or as if induced by) a magical incantation
enchantment	n.	a magical spell
enchantments	n.	a feeling of great liking for something wonderful and unusual
enchantments	n.	a psychological state induced by (or as if induced by) a magical incantation
enchantments	n.	a magical spell
enchantress	n.	a woman who is considered to be dangerously seductive
enchantress	n.	a female sorcerer or magician
enchilada	n.	tortilla with meat filling baked in tomato sauce seasoned with chili
encipher	v.	convert ordinary language into code
encircle	v.	form a circle around
encircle	v.	bind with something round or circular
encirclement	n.	a war measure that isolates some area of importance to the enemy
enclave	n.	an enclosed territory that is culturally distinct from the foreign territory that surrounds it
enclose	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
enclose	v.	close in; darkness enclosed him"
enclose	v.	surround completely
enclose	v.	introduce
enclosed	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
enclosed	v.	close in; darkness enclosed him"
enclosed	v.	surround completely
enclosed	v.	introduce
enclosed	adj.	closed in or surrounded or included within
enclosure	n.	a structure consisting of an area that has been enclosed for some purpose
enclosure	n.	the act of enclosing something inside something else
enclosure	n.	a naturally enclosed space
enclosure	n.	something (usually a supporting document) that is enclosed in an envelope with a covering letter
encode	v.	convert information into code
encomium	n.	a formal expression of praise
encompass	v.	include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory
encore	n.	an extra or repeated performance; usually given in response to audience demand
encore	v.	request an encore, from a performer
encounter	n.	a minor short-term fight
encounter	n.	a casual or unexpected convergence
encounter	n.	a casual meeting with a person or thing
encounter	n.	a hostile disagreement face-to-face
encounter	v.	come together
encounter	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
encounter	v.	be beset by
encounter	v.	experience as a reaction
encounter	v.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle
encourage	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
encourage	v.	inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to
encourage	v.	spur on
encouragement	n.	the expression of approval and support
encouragement	n.	the act of giving hope or support to someone
encouragement	n.	the feeling of being encouraged
encouraging	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
encouraging	v.	inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to
encouraging	v.	spur on
encouraging	adj.	giving courage or confidence or hope
encouraging	adj.	furnishing support and encouragement
encroach	v.	advance beyond the usual limit
encroach	v.	impinge or infringe upon
encroachment	n.	any entry into an area not previously occupied
encroachment	n.	entry to another's property without right or permission
encroachment	n.	influencing strongly
encrust	v.	cover or coat with a crust
encrust	v.	decorate or cover lavishly (as with gems)
encrust	v.	form a crust or a hard layer
encrustation	n.	the formation of a crust
encrustation	n.	a hard outer layer that covers something
encrustation	n.	a decorative coating of contrasting material that is applied to a surface as an inlay or overlay
encrypt	v.	convert ordinary language into code
encryption	n.	the activity of converting data or information into code
encumber	v.	hold back
encumbered	v.	hold back
encumbered	adj.	loaded to excess or impeded by a heavy load; - A.J.Liebling
encumbrance	n.	an onerous or difficult concern
encumbrance	n.	a charge against property (as a lien or mortgage)
encumbrance	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
encyclical	n.	a letter from the pope sent to all Roman Catholic bishops throughout the world
encyclical	adj.	intended for wide distribution
encyclopedia	n.	a reference work (often in several volumes) containing articles on various topics (often arranged in alphabetical order) dealing with the entire range of human knowledge or with some particular specialty
encyclopedic	adj.	broad in scope or content
end	n.	either extremity of something that has length
end	n.	the point in time at which something ends
end	n.	the concluding parts of an event or occurrence
end	n.	the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it
end	n.	a final part or section
end	n.	a final state
end	n.	the surface at either extremity of a three-dimensional object
end	n.	(football) the person who plays at one end of the line of scrimmage
end	n.	a boundary marking the extremities of something
end	n.	one of two places from which people are communicating to each other
end	n.	the part you are expected to play
end	n.	the last section of a communication
end	n.	a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold
end	n.	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage
end	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
end	v.	bring to an end or halt
end	v.	be the end of; be the last or concluding part of
end	v.	put an end to
endanger	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
endanger	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
endangerment	n.	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
endear	v.	make attractive or lovable
endearing	v.	make attractive or lovable
endearing	adj.	lovable especially in a childlike or naive way
endearment	n.	the act of showing affection
endeavor	n.	a purposeful or industrious undertaking (especially one that requires effort or boldness)
endeavor	n.	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something
endeavor	v.	attempt by employing effort
endemic	n.	a disease that is constantly present to a greater or lesser degree in people of a certain class or in people living in a particular location
endemic	n.	a plant that is native to a certain limited area
endemic	adj.	of or relating to a disease (or anything resembling a disease) constantly present to greater or lesser extent in a particular locality
endemic	adj.	native to or confined to a certain region
endemic	adj.	originating where it is found
endgame	n.	the final stages of an extended process of negotiation
endgame	n.	the final stages of a chess game after most of the pieces have been removed from the board
ending	n.	the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme)
ending	n.	the act of ending something
ending	n.	the point in time at which something ends
ending	n.	event whose occurrence ends something
ending	n.	the last section of a communication
ending	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
ending	v.	bring to an end or halt
ending	v.	be the end of; be the last or concluding part of
ending	v.	put an end to
endive	n.	widely cultivated herb with leaves valued as salad green; either curly serrated leaves or broad flat ones that are usually blanched
endive	n.	variety of endive having leaves with irregular frilled edges
endless	adj.	tiresomely long; seemingly without end
endless	adj.	infinitely great in number
endless	adj.	having no known beginning and presumably no end
endless	adj.	having the ends united so as to form a continuous whole
endlessness	n.	the property of being (or seeming to be) without end
endocarditis	n.	inflammation of the endocardium and heart valves
endocrine	n.	the secretion of an endocrine gland that is transmitted by the blood to the tissue on which it has a specific effect
endocrine	n.	any of the glands of the endocrine system that secrete hormones directly into the bloodstream
endocrine	adj.	of or belonging to endocrine glands or their secretions
endocrinologist	n.	physician who specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of conditions affecting the endocrine system
endocrinology	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the endocrine glands and their secretions
endogenous	adj.	of or resembling an endogen
endogenous	adj.	derived or originating internally
endometrial	adj.	of or relating to the endometrium
endometriosis	n.	the presence of endometrium elsewhere than in the lining of the uterus; causes premenstrual pain and dysmenorrhea
endometrium	n.	(pregnancy) the mucous membrane that lines the uterus; thickens under hormonal control and (if pregnancy does not occur) is shed in menstruation; if pregnancy occurs it is shed along with the placenta at parturition
endorphin	n.	a neurochemical occurring naturally in the brain and having analgesic properties
endorse	v.	be behind; approve of
endorse	v.	give support or one's approval to
endorse	v.	guarantee as meeting a certain standard
endorse	v.	sign as evidence of legal transfer
endorsement	n.	a promotional statement (as found on the dust jackets of books)
endorsement	n.	a speech seconding a motion
endorsement	n.	formal and explicit approval
endorsement	n.	a signature that validates something
endorsement	n.	the act of endorsing
endorser	n.	someone who expresses strong approval
endorser	n.	a person who transfers his ownership interest in something by signing a check or negotiable security
endoscope	n.	a long slender medical instrument for examining the interior of a bodily organ or performing minor surgery
endoscopic	adj.	of or relating to endoscopy
endoscopy	n.	visual examination of the interior of a hollow body organ by use of an endoscope
endothelial	adj.	of or relating to or located in the endothelium
endothermic	adj.	(of a chemical reaction or compound) occurring or formed with absorption of heat
endow	v.	give qualities or abilities to
endow	v.	furnish with an endowment
endowment	n.	natural abilities or qualities
endowment	n.	the capital that provides income for an institution
endowment	n.	the act of endowing with a permanent source of income
endpoint	n.	a place where something ends or is complete
endue	v.	give qualities or abilities to
endurable	adj.	capable of being borne though unpleasant
endurance	n.	the power to withstand hardship or stress
endurance	n.	a state of surviving; remaining alive
endure	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
endure	v.	face and withstand with courage
endure	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
endure	v.	undergo or be subjected to
endure	v.	last and be usable
endure	v.	persist for a specified period of time
endure	v.	continue to exist
endways	adv.	on end or upright
endways	adv.	in or toward the direction of the ends; lengthwise
endways	adv.	with the end forward or toward the observer
ene	n.	the compass point midway between northeast and east
enema	n.	an injection of a liquid through the anus to stimulate evacuation; sometimes used for diagnostic purposes
enemy	n.	an opposing military force
enemy	n.	an armed adversary (especially a member of an opposing military force)
enemy	n.	any hostile group of people
enemy	n.	a personal enemy
energetic	adj.	possessing or exerting or displaying energy
energetic	adj.	working hard to promote an enterprise
energetically	adv.	in an energetic manner
energize	v.	cause to be alert and energetic
energize	v.	raise to a higher energy level
energizer	n.	someone who imparts energy and vitality and spirit to other people
energizer	n.	a device that supplies electrical energy
energy	n.	(physics) a thermodynamic quantity equivalent to the capacity of a physical system to do work; the units of energy are joules or ergs
energy	n.	forceful exertion
energy	n.	enterprising or ambitious drive
energy	n.	an imaginative lively style (especially style of writing)
energy	n.	a healthy capacity for vigorous activity
energy	n.	any source of usable power
energy	n.	the federal department responsible for maintaining a national energy policy of the United States; created in 1977
enervate	v.	weaken mentally or morally
enervate	v.	disturb the composure of
enervation	n.	lack of vitality
enervation	n.	serious weakening and loss of energy
enervation	n.	surgical removal of a nerve
enfeeble	v.	make weak
enfeeblement	n.	serious weakening and loss of energy
enfilade	n.	gunfire directed along the length rather than the breadth of a formation
enfilade	v.	rake or be in a position to rake with gunfire in a lengthwise direction
enfold	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
enforce	v.	ensure observance of laws and rules
enforce	v.	compel to behave in a certain way
enforceable	adj.	capable of being enforced
enforced	v.	ensure observance of laws and rules
enforced	v.	compel to behave in a certain way
enforced	adj.	forced or compelled or put in force
enforcement	n.	the act of enforcing; ensuring observance of or obedience to
enforcer	n.	one whose job it is to execute unpleasant tasks for a superior
enfranchise	v.	grant freedom to; as from slavery or servitude
enfranchise	v.	grant voting rights
enfranchisement	n.	freedom from political subjugation or servitude
enfranchisement	n.	a statutory right or privilege granted to a person or group by a government (especially the rights of citizenship and the right to vote)
enfranchisement	n.	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on
engage	v.	carry out or participate in an activity; be involved in
engage	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
engage	v.	engage or hire for work
engage	v.	ask to represent; of legal counsel
engage	v.	give to in marriage
engage	v.	get caught
engage	v.	carry on (wars, battles, or campaigns)
engage	v.	hire for work or assistance
engage	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
engage	v.	keep engaged
engagement	n.	a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war
engagement	n.	a meeting arranged in advance
engagement	n.	a mutual promise to marry
engagement	n.	the act of giving someone a job
engagement	n.	employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited period of time
engagement	n.	contact by fitting together
engagement	n.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group
engagingly	adv.	in an engaging manner
engels	n.	socialist who wrote the Communist Manifesto with Karl Marx in 1848 (1820-1895)
engender	v.	call forth
engender	v.	make children
engine	n.	motor that converts thermal energy to mechanical work
engine	n.	something used to achieve a purpose
engine	n.	a wheeled vehicle consisting of a self-propelled engine that is used to draw trains along railway tracks
engine	n.	an instrument or machine that is used in warfare, such as a battering ram, catapult, artillery piece, etc.
engineer	n.	a person who uses scientific knowledge to solve practical problems
engineer	n.	the operator of a railway locomotive
engineer	v.	design as an engineer
engineer	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
engineering	n.	the practical application of science to commerce or industry
engineering	n.	the discipline dealing with the art or science of applying scientific knowledge to practical problems
engineering	n.	a room (as on a ship) in which the engine is located
engineering	v.	design as an engineer
engineering	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
england	n.	a division of the United Kingdom
english	n.	an Indo-European language belonging to the West Germanic branch; the official language of Britain and the United States and most of the commonwealth countries
english	n.	the people of England
english	n.	the discipline that studies the English language and literature
english	n.	(sports) the spin given to a ball by striking it on one side or releasing it with a sharp twist
english	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture or people
english	adj.	of or relating to the English language
englishman	n.	a man who is a native or inhabitant of England
englishmen	n.	a man who is a native or inhabitant of England
englishwoman	n.	a woman who is a native or inhabitant of England
englishwomen	n.	a woman who is a native or inhabitant of England
engorge	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
engorgement	n.	congestion with blood
engorgement	n.	eating ravenously or voraciously to satiation
engram	n.	a postulated biochemical change (presumably in neural tissue) that represents a memory
engrave	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
engrave	v.	impress or affect deeply
engrave	v.	carve or cut into a block used for printing or print from such a block
engrave	v.	carve or cut a design or letters into
engraver	n.	a skilled worker who can inscribe designs or writing onto a surface by carving or etching
engraver	n.	a printmaker who prints from an engraved printing plate
engraving	n.	a print made from an engraving
engraving	n.	a block or plate or other hard surface that has been engraved
engraving	n.	making engraved or etched plates and printing designs from them
engraving	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
engraving	v.	impress or affect deeply
engraving	v.	carve or cut into a block used for printing or print from such a block
engraving	v.	carve or cut a design or letters into
engross	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
engross	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
engrossment	n.	complete attention; intense mental effort
engrossment	n.	the mental state of being preoccupied by something
engrossment	n.	the quality of being intent and concentrated
engulf	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
engulf	v.	flow over or cover completely
enhance	v.	increase
enhance	v.	make better or more attractive
enhancement	n.	an improvement that makes something more agreeable
enid	n.	a town in north central Oklahoma
enigma	n.	something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained
enigma	n.	a difficult problem
enigmatic	adj.	not clear to the understanding
enigmatic	adj.	resembling an oracle in obscurity of thought
enigmatically	adv.	in a cryptic manner;  he said cryptically
eniwetok	n.	an atoll in the Marshall Islands; site of an amphibious assault in World War II; later used temporarily by the United States to test atomic bombs
eniwetok	n.	World War II (February 1944); American infantry landed and captured a Japanese stronghold
enjambment	n.	the continuation of a syntactic unit from one line of verse into the next line without a pause
enjoin	v.	issue an injunction
enjoin	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
enjoy	v.	derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in
enjoy	v.	have benefit from
enjoy	v.	get pleasure from
enjoy	v.	have for one's benefit
enjoy	v.	take delight in
enjoyably	adv.	in an enjoyable manner
enjoyment	n.	the pleasure felt when having a good time
enjoyment	n.	act of receiving pleasure from something
enjoyment	n.	(law) the exercise of the legal right to enjoy the benefits of owning property
enkidu	n.	legendary friend of Gilgamish
enlarge	v.	make larger
enlarge	v.	make large
enlarge	v.	become larger or bigger
enlarge	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
enlargement	n.	the act of increasing (something) in size or volume or quantity or scope
enlargement	n.	the state of being enlarged
enlargement	n.	a discussion that provides additional information
enlargement	n.	a photographic print that has been enlarged
enlarger	n.	photographic equipment consisting of an optical projector used to enlarge a photograph
enlighten	v.	make understand
enlighten	v.	give spiritual insight to; in religion
enlighten	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
enlightened	n.	people who have been introduced to the mysteries of some field or activity
enlightened	v.	make understand
enlightened	v.	give spiritual insight to; in religion
enlightened	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
enlightened	adj.	having knowledge and spiritual insight
enlightened	adj.	characterized by full comprehension of the problem involved
enlightenment	n.	education that results in understanding and the spread of knowledge
enlightenment	n.	(Hinduism and Buddhism) the beatitude that transcends the cycle of reincarnation; characterized by the extinction of desire and suffering and individual consciousness
enlightenment	n.	a movement in Europe from about 1650 until 1800 that advocated the use of reason and individualism instead of tradition and established doctrine
enlist	v.	join the military
enlist	v.	hire for work or assistance
enlist	v.	engage somebody to enter the army
enlistee	n.	any new member or supporter (as in the armed forces)
enlistment	n.	a period of time spent in military service
enlistment	n.	the act of enlisting (as in a military service)
enlistments	n.	a period of time spent in military service
enlistments	n.	the act of enlisting (as in a military service)
enliven	v.	heighten or intensify
enliven	v.	make lively
enmesh	v.	entangle or catch in (or as if in) a mesh
enmity	n.	a state of deep-seated ill-will
enmity	n.	the feeling of a hostile person
ennoble	v.	confer dignity or honor upon
ennoble	v.	give a title to someone; make someone a member of the nobility
ennoblement	n.	the state of being noble
ennoblement	n.	the act of raising someone to the nobility
ennui	n.	the feeling of being bored by something tedious
enormity	n.	the quality of being outrageous
enormity	n.	vastness of size or extent
enormity	n.	the quality of extreme wickedness
enormity	n.	an act of extreme wickedness
enormous	adj.	extraordinarily large in size or extent or amount or power or degree; ; ; ; - Walter Lippman
enormousness	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
enough	n.	an adequate quantity; a quantity that is large enough to achieve a purpose
enough	adj.	sufficient for the purpose
enough	adv.	as much as necessary; ; (`plenty' is nonstandard)
enplane	v.	board a plane
enquirer	n.	someone who asks a question
enquiringly	adv.	in an inquiring manner
enrage	v.	put into a rage; make violently angry
enrapture	v.	hold spellbound
enrich	v.	make better or improve in quality
enrich	v.	make wealthy or richer
enrichment	n.	act of making fuller or more meaningful or rewarding
enrichment	n.	a gift that significantly increases the recipient's wealth
enroll	v.	register formally as a participant or member
enrollment	n.	the act of enrolling
enrollment	n.	the body of people (such as students) who register or enroll at the same time
ensconce	v.	fix firmly
ensemble	n.	a group of musicians playing or singing together
ensemble	n.	a cast other than the principals
ensemble	n.	the chorus of a ballet company
ensemble	n.	an assemblage of parts or details (as in a work of art) considered as forming a whole
ensemble	n.	a coordinated outfit (set of clothing)
enshrine	v.	enclose in a shrine
enshrine	v.	hold sacred
enshroud	v.	cover as if with a shroud
ensign	n.	a person who holds a commissioned rank in the United States Navy or the United States Coast Guard; below lieutenant junior grade
ensign	n.	an emblem flown as a symbol of nationality
ensign	n.	colors flown by a ship to show its nationality
ensilage	n.	fodder harvested while green and kept succulent by partial fermentation as in a silo
enslave	v.	make a slave of; bring into servitude
enslavement	n.	the state of being a slave; --Shakespeare
enslavement	n.	the act of making slaves of your captives
ensnare	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
ensnare	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
ensue	v.	issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end
ensure	v.	make certain of
ensure	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
entail	n.	land received by fee tail
entail	n.	the act of entailing property; the creation of a fee tail from a fee simple
entail	v.	have as a logical consequence
entail	v.	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result
entail	v.	limit the inheritance of property to a specific class of heirs
entailment	n.	something that is inferred (deduced or entailed or implied)
entangle	v.	entrap
entangle	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
entanglement	n.	an intricate trap that entangles or ensnares its victim
entanglements	n.	an intricate trap that entangles or ensnares its victim
entente	n.	an informal alliance between countries
entente	n.	a friendly understanding between political powers
enter	v.	to come or go into
enter	v.	become a participant; be involved in
enter	v.	register formally as a participant or member
enter	v.	be or play a part of or in
enter	v.	make a record of; set down in permanent form
enter	v.	come on stage
enter	v.	take on duties or office
enter	v.	put or introduce into something
enter	v.	set out on (an enterprise or subject of study)
enteral	adj.	of or relating to the enteron
enteral	adj.	of or relating to or inside the intestines
enteric	adj.	of or relating to the enteron
enteric	adj.	of or relating to or inside the intestines
enteritis	n.	inflammation of the intestine (especially the small intestine); usually characterized by diarrhea
enterprise	n.	a purposeful or industrious undertaking (especially one that requires effort or boldness)
enterprise	n.	an organization created for business ventures
enterprise	n.	readiness to embark on bold new ventures
enterprising	adj.	marked by imagination, initiative, and readiness to undertake new projects
entertain	v.	provide entertainment for
entertain	v.	take into consideration, have in view
entertain	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
entertainer	n.	a person who tries to please or amuse
entertaining	v.	provide entertainment for
entertaining	v.	take into consideration, have in view
entertaining	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
entertaining	adj.	agreeably diverting
entertainment	n.	an activity that is diverting and that holds the attention
enthrall	v.	hold spellbound
enthrallment	n.	a feeling of great liking for something wonderful and unusual
enthrone	v.	provide with power and authority
enthrone	v.	put a monarch on the throne
enthronement	n.	the ceremony of installing a new monarch
enthuse	v.	cause to feel enthusiasm
enthuse	v.	utter with enthusiasm
enthusiasm	n.	a feeling of excitement
enthusiasm	n.	overflowing with eager enjoyment or approval
enthusiasm	n.	a lively interest
enthusiast	n.	an ardent and enthusiastic supporter of some person or activity
enthusiast	n.	a person having a strong liking for something
enthusiastic	adj.	having or showing great excitement and interest
enthusiastically	adv.	with enthusiasm; in an enthusiastic manner
enthusiastically	adv.	in a lavish or enthusiastic manner
entice	v.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion
enticement	n.	something that seduces or has the quality to seduce
enticement	n.	qualities that attract by seeming to promise some kind of reward
enticement	n.	the act of influencing by exciting hope or desire
enticing	v.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion
enticing	adj.	highly attractive and able to arouse hope or desire
entire	n.	uncastrated adult male horse
entire	adj.	constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
entire	adj.	constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking nothing essential especially not damaged; - Bacon
entire	adj.	(of leaves or petals) having a smooth edge; not broken up into teeth or lobes
entire	adj.	(used of domestic animals) sexually competent
entirety	n.	the state of being total and complete
entitle	v.	give the right to
entitle	v.	give a title to
entitle	v.	give a title to someone; make someone a member of the nobility
entitlement	n.	right granted by law or contract (especially a right to benefits)
entity	n.	that which is perceived or known or inferred to have its own distinct existence (living or nonliving)
entomb	v.	place in a grave or tomb
entombment	n.	the ritual placing of a corpse in a grave
entomological	adj.	of or relating to the biological science of entomology
entomologist	n.	a zoologist who studies insects
entomology	n.	the branch of zoology that studies insects
entourage	n.	the group following and attending to some important person
entr'acte	n.	the interlude between two acts of a play
entr'acte	n.	a brief show (music or dance etc) inserted between the sections of a longer performance
entrails	n.	internal organs collectively (especially those in the abdominal cavity)
entrained	v.	board a train
entrance	n.	something that provides access (to get in or get out)
entrance	n.	a movement into or inward
entrance	n.	the act of entering
entrance	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
entrance	v.	put into a trance
entrancement	n.	a feeling of delight at being filled with wonder and enchantment
entrancing	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
entrancing	v.	put into a trance
entrancing	adj.	capturing interest as if by a spell
entrant	n.	a commodity that enters competition with established merchandise
entrant	n.	any new participant in some activity
entrant	n.	someone who enters
entrant	n.	one who enters a competition
entrap	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
entrap	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
entrapment	n.	a defense that claims the defendant would not have broken the law if not tricked into doing it by law enforcement officials
entrapped	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
entrapped	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
entrapping	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
entrapping	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
entreat	v.	ask for or request earnestly
entreating	v.	ask for or request earnestly
entreaty	n.	earnest or urgent request
entree	n.	the principal dish of a meal
entree	n.	the right to enter
entree	n.	something that provides access (to get in or get out)
entree	n.	the act of entering
entrench	v.	fix firmly or securely
entrench	v.	impinge or infringe upon
entrench	v.	occupy a trench or secured area
entrenchment	n.	an entrenched fortification; a position protected by trenches
entrepreneur	n.	someone who organizes a business venture and assumes the risk for it
entrepreneurial	adj.	of or relating to an entrepreneur
entrepreneurial	adj.	willing to take risks in order to make a profit
entropy	n.	(communication theory) a numerical measure of the uncertainty of an outcome
entropy	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity representing the amount of energy in a system that is no longer available for doing mechanical work
entrust	v.	confer a trust upon
entrust	v.	put into the care or protection of someone
entry	n.	an item inserted in a written record
entry	n.	the act of beginning something new
entry	n.	a written record of a commercial transaction
entry	n.	something (manuscripts or architectural plans and models or estimates or works of art of all genres etc.) submitted for the judgment of others (as in a competition)
entry	n.	something that provides access (to get in or get out)
entry	n.	the act of entering
entryway	n.	something that provides access (to get in or get out)
entwine	v.	tie or link together
entwine	v.	spin,wind, or twist together
enumerable	adj.	that can be counted
enumerate	v.	specify individually
enumerate	v.	determine the number or amount of
enumeration	n.	a numbered list
enumeration	n.	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order
enumerator	n.	someone who collects census data by visiting individual homes
enunciate	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
enunciate	v.	express or state clearly
enunciation	n.	the articulation of speech regarded from the point of view of its intelligibility to the audience
enuresis	n.	inability to control the flow of urine and involuntary urination
envelop	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
envelope	n.	a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc.
envelope	n.	any wrapper or covering
envelope	n.	a curve that is tangent to each of a family of curves
envelope	n.	a natural covering (as by a fluid)
envelope	n.	the maximum operating capability of a system (especially an aircraft)
envelope	n.	the bag containing the gas in a balloon
envelopment	n.	the act of enclosing something inside something else
envenom	v.	cause to be bitter or resentful
envenom	v.	add poison to
enviable	adj.	causing envy
enviably	adv.	in an enviable manner
envious	adj.	showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of another's advantages
enviousness	n.	a feeling of grudging admiration and desire to have something that is possessed by another
environment	n.	the totality of surrounding conditions
environment	n.	the area in which something exists or lives
environmental	adj.	of or relating to the external conditions or surroundings
environmental	adj.	concerned with the ecological effects of altering the environment
environmentalism	n.	the philosophical doctrine that environment is more important than heredity in determining intellectual growth
environmentalism	n.	the activity of protecting the environment from pollution or destruction
environmentalist	n.	someone who works to protect the environment from destruction or pollution
environs	n.	the area in which something exists or lives
environs	n.	an outer adjacent area of any place
environs	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
envisage	v.	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case
envision	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
envision	v.	picture to oneself; imagine possible
envoy	n.	a diplomat having less authority than an ambassador
envoy	n.	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else
envoy	n.	a brief stanza concluding certain forms of poetry
envy	n.	a feeling of grudging admiration and desire to have something that is possessed by another
envy	n.	spite and resentment at seeing the success of another (personified as one of the deadly sins)
envy	v.	feel envious towards; admire enviously
envy	v.	be envious of; set one's heart on
envying	v.	feel envious towards; admire enviously
envying	v.	be envious of; set one's heart on
enzymatic	adj.	of or relating to or produced by an enzyme
enzyme	n.	any of several complex proteins that are produced by cells and act as catalysts in specific biochemical reactions
eocene	n.	from 58 million to 40 million years ago; presence of modern mammals
eolian	n.	a member of one of four linguistic divisions of the prehistoric Greeks
eon	n.	the longest division of geological time
eon	n.	an immeasurably long period of time
eon	n.	(Gnosticism) a divine power or nature emanating from the Supreme Being and playing various roles in the operation of the universe
eosinophil	n.	a leukocyte readily stained with eosin
eosinophilic	adj.	of or relating to eosinophil
epa	n.	an independent federal agency established to coordinate programs aimed at reducing pollution and protecting the environment
epaulet	n.	adornment consisting of an ornamental cloth pad worn on the shoulder
epee	n.	a fencing sword similar to a foil but with a heavier blade
ephedrine	n.	white odorless powdered or crystalline alkaloid from plants of the genus Ephedra (especially Ephedra sinica) or made synthetically; used as a bronchodilator to treat bronchitis and asthma
ephemera	n.	something transitory; lasting a day
ephemera	n.	anything short-lived, as an insect that lives only for a day in its winged form
ephemeral	n.	anything short-lived, as an insect that lives only for a day in its winged form
ephemeral	adj.	lasting a very short time
ephesian	n.	a resident of the ancient Greek city of Ephesus
ephesian	adj.	of or relating to ancient Ephesus or its people or language or culture
ephesus	n.	an ancient Greek city on the western shore of Asia Minor in what is now Turkey; site of the Temple of Artemis; was a major trading center and played an important role in early Christianity
ephesus	n.	the third ecumenical council in 431 which declared Mary as mother of God and condemned Pelagius
epic	n.	a long narrative poem telling of a hero's deeds
epic	adj.	very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or scale)
epic	adj.	constituting or having to do with or suggestive of a literary epic
epicenter	n.	the point on the Earth's surface directly above the focus of an earthquake
epictetus	n.	Greek philosopher who was a Stoic (circa 50-130)
epicure	n.	a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
epicurean	n.	a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
epicurean	adj.	of Epicurus or epicureanism
epicurean	adj.	devoted to pleasure
epicurean	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
epicurus	n.	Greek philosopher who believed that the world is a random combination of atoms and that pleasure is the highest good (341-270 BC)
epidemic	n.	a widespread outbreak of an infectious disease; many people are infected at the same time
epidemic	adj.	(especially of medicine) of disease or anything resembling a disease; attacking or affecting many individuals in a community or a population simultaneously
epidemiological	adj.	of or relating to epidemiology
epidemiologist	n.	a medical scientist who studies the transmission and control of epidemic diseases
epidemiology	n.	the branch of medical science dealing with the transmission and control of disease
epidermal	adj.	of or relating to a cuticle or cuticula
epidermic	adj.	of or relating to a cuticle or cuticula
epidermis	n.	the outer layer of the skin covering the exterior body surface of vertebrates
epidural	n.	regional anesthesia resulting from injection of an anesthetic into the epidural space of the spinal cord; sensation is lost in the abdominal and genital and pelvic areas; used in childbirth and gynecological surgery
epidural	adj.	on or outside the dura mater
epiglottis	n.	a flap of cartilage that covers the windpipe while swallowing
epigram	n.	a witty saying
epigrammatic	adj.	terse and witty and like a maxim
epigraph	n.	a quotation at the beginning of some piece of writing
epigraph	n.	an engraved inscription
epigraphs	n.	a quotation at the beginning of some piece of writing
epigraphs	n.	an engraved inscription
epigraphy	n.	the study of ancient inscriptions
epilepsy	n.	a disorder of the central nervous system characterized by loss of consciousness and convulsions
epileptic	n.	a person who has epilepsy
epileptic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of epilepsy
epilogue	n.	a short speech (often in verse) addressed directly to the audience by an actor at the end of a play
epilogue	n.	a short passage added at the end of a literary work
epinephrine	n.	a catecholamine secreted by the adrenal medulla in response to stress (trade name Adrenalin); stimulates autonomic nerve action
epiphany	n.	a divine manifestation
epiphany	n.	twelve days after Christmas; celebrates the visit of the three wise men to the infant Jesus
episcopacy	n.	the collective body of bishops
episcopal	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Episcopal church
episcopal	adj.	denoting or governed by or relating to a bishop or bishops
episcopalian	n.	a member of the Episcopal church
episcopalian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Episcopal church
episcopate	n.	the term of office of a bishop
episcopate	n.	the territorial jurisdiction of a bishop
episcopate	n.	the collective body of bishops
episcopate	n.	the office and dignity of a bishop
episode	n.	a happening that is distinctive in a series of related events
episode	n.	a brief section of a literary or dramatic work that forms part of a connected series
episode	n.	a part of a broadcast serial
episode	n.	film consisting of a succession of related shots that develop a given subject in a movie
episodic	adj.	of writing or narration; divided into or composed of episodes
episodic	adj.	occurring or appearing at usually irregular intervals
episodic	adj.	limited in duration to a single episode
episodically	adv.	in an episodic manner
epistemic	adj.	of or relating to epistemology
epistemological	adj.	of or relating to epistemology
epistemology	n.	the philosophical theory of knowledge
epistle	n.	a specially long, formal letter
epistle	n.	a book of the New Testament written in the form of a letter from an Apostle
epistolary	adj.	written in the form of or carried on by letters or correspondence
epitaph	n.	an inscription on a tombstone or monument in memory of the person buried there
epitaph	n.	a summary statement of commemoration for a dead person
epitaphs	n.	an inscription on a tombstone or monument in memory of the person buried there
epitaphs	n.	a summary statement of commemoration for a dead person
epithelial	adj.	of or belonging to the epithelium
epithelium	n.	membranous tissue covering internal organs and other internal surfaces of the body
epithet	n.	a defamatory or abusive word or phrase
epithet	n.	descriptive word or phrase
epitome	n.	a standard or typical example
epitome	n.	a brief abstract (as of an article or book)
epitomize	v.	embody the essential characteristics of or be a typical example of
epoch	n.	a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event
epoch	n.	(astronomy) an arbitrarily fixed date that is the point in time relative to which information (as coordinates of a celestial body) is recorded
epoch	n.	a unit of geological time that is a subdivision of a period and is itself divided into ages
epochal	adj.	highly significant or important especially bringing about or marking the beginning of a new development or era
epochs	n.	a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event
epochs	n.	(astronomy) an arbitrarily fixed date that is the point in time relative to which information (as coordinates of a celestial body) is recorded
epochs	n.	a unit of geological time that is a subdivision of a period and is itself divided into ages
eponymous	adj.	being or relating to or bearing the name of an eponym
epoxy	n.	a thermosetting resin; used chiefly in strong adhesives and coatings and laminates
epoxy	v.	glue with epoxy
epsilon	n.	the 5th letter of the Greek alphabet
epstein	n.	British sculptor (born in the United States) noted for busts and large controversial works (1880-1959)
equable	adj.	not varying
equable	adj.	not easily irritated
equably	adv.	in an equable manner
equal	n.	a person who is of equal standing with another in a group
equal	v.	be identical or equivalent to
equal	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
equal	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
equal	adj.	having the same quantity, value, or measure as another
equal	adj.	having the requisite qualities or resources to meet a task
equality	n.	the quality of being the same in quantity or measure or value or status
equality	n.	a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
equalization	n.	the act of making equal or uniform
equalize	v.	compensate; make the score equal
equalize	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
equalizer	n.	electronic equipment that reduces frequency distortion
equalizer	n.	a weight that balances another weight
equalizer	n.	a score that makes the match even
equanimity	n.	steadiness of mind under stress
equate	v.	consider or describe as similar, equal, or analogous
equate	v.	be equivalent or parallel, in mathematics
equate	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
equation	n.	a mathematical statement that two expressions are equal
equation	n.	a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
equation	n.	the act of regarding as equal
equator	n.	an imaginary line around the Earth forming the great circle that is equidistant from the north and south poles
equator	n.	a circle dividing a sphere or other surface into two usually equal and symmetrical parts
equatorial	n.	a telescope whose mounting has only two axes of motion, one parallel to the Earth's axis and the other one at right angles to it
equatorial	adj.	of or relating to or at an equator
equatorial	adj.	of or relating to conditions at the geographical equator
equatorial	adj.	of or existing at or near the geographic equator
equerry	n.	an official charged with the care of the horses of princes or nobles
equerry	n.	a personal attendant of the British royal family
equestrian	n.	a man skilled in equitation
equestrian	adj.	of or relating to or composed of knights
equestrian	adj.	of or relating to or featuring horseback riding
equidistant	adj.	the same distance apart at every point
equilateral	n.	a figure whose sides are all equal
equilateral	adj.	having all sides or faces equal
equilibrium	n.	a stable situation in which forces cancel one another
equilibrium	n.	a chemical reaction and its reverse proceed at equal rates
equilibrium	n.	equality of distribution
equilibrium	n.	a sensory system located in structures of the inner ear that registers the orientation of the head
equine	n.	hoofed mammals having slender legs and a flat coat with a narrow mane along the back of the neck
equine	adj.	resembling a horse
equine	adj.	of or belonging to the family Equidae
equinoctial	n.	the great circle on the celestial sphere midway between the celestial poles
equinoctial	adj.	relating to the vicinity of the equator
equinoctial	adj.	relating to an equinox (when the lengths of night and day are equal)
equinox	n.	either of two times of the year when the sun crosses the plane of the earth's equator and day and night are of equal length
equinox	n.	(astronomy) either of the two celestial points at which the celestial equator intersects the ecliptic
equip	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
equip	v.	provide with abilities or understanding
equipage	n.	equipment and supplies of a military force
equipage	n.	a vehicle with wheels drawn by one or more horses
equipment	n.	an instrumentality needed for an undertaking or to perform a service
equipoise	n.	equality of distribution
equipped	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
equipped	v.	provide with abilities or understanding
equipped	adj.	provided or fitted out with what is necessary or useful or appropriate
equipped	adj.	provided with whatever is necessary for a purpose (as furniture or equipment or authority)
equipped	adj.	prepared with proper equipment
equipped	adj.	carrying weapons
equipping	n.	the act of equiping with weapons in preparation for war
equipping	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
equipping	v.	provide with abilities or understanding
equitable	adj.	fair to all parties as dictated by reason and conscience
equitably	adv.	in an equitable manner
equitation	n.	the sport of siting on the back of a horse while controlling its movements
equity	n.	the difference between the market value of a property and the claims held against it
equity	n.	the ownership interest of shareholders in a corporation
equity	n.	conformity with rules or standards
equivalence	n.	a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
equivalence	n.	essential equality and interchangeability
equivalence	n.	qualities that are comparable
equivalent	n.	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc
equivalent	n.	the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen
equivalent	adj.	being essentially equal to something
equivocal	adj.	open to two or more interpretations; or of uncertain nature or significance; or (often) intended to mislead
equivocal	adj.	open to question; ; -Anna Jameson
equivocal	adj.	uncertain as a sign or indication
equivocalness	n.	unclearness by virtue of having more than one meaning
equivocate	v.	be deliberately ambiguous or unclear in order to mislead or withhold information
equivocation	n.	a statement that is not literally false but that cleverly avoids an unpleasant truth
equivocation	n.	intentionally vague or ambiguous
equivocation	n.	falsification by means of vague or ambiguous language
equivocator	n.	a respondent who avoids giving a clear direct answer
er	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs with yttrium
er	n.	a room in a hospital or clinic staffed and equipped to provide emergency care to persons requiring immediate medical treatment
era	n.	a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or event
era	n.	a major division of geological time; an era is usually divided into two or more periods
era	n.	(baseball) a measure of a pitcher's effectiveness; calculated as the average number of earned runs allowed by the pitcher for every nine innings pitched
eradicable	adj.	able to be eradicated or rooted out
eradicate	v.	kill in large numbers
eradicate	v.	destroy completely, as if down to the roots
eradication	n.	the complete destruction of every trace of something
eradicator	n.	someone who exterminates (especially someone whose occupation is the extermination of troublesome rodents and insects)
erase	v.	remove from memory or existence
erase	v.	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing
erase	v.	wipe out digitally or magnetically recorded information
eraser	n.	an implement used to erase something
erasmus	n.	Dutch humanist and theologian who was the leading Renaissance scholar of northern Europe; although his criticisms of the Roman Catholic Church led to the Reformation, he opposed violence and condemned Martin Luther (1466-1536)
erasure	n.	a correction made by erasing
erasure	n.	a surface area where something has been erased
erasure	n.	deletion by an act of expunging or erasing
erato	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of lyric and love poetry
eratosthenes	n.	Greek mathematician and astronomer who estimated the circumference of the earth and the distances to the Moon and sun (276-194 BC)
erbium	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs with yttrium
erebus	n.	(Greek mythology) Greek god of darkness who dwelt in the underworld; son of Chaos; brother of Nox; father of Aether and Day
erect	v.	construct, build, or erect
erect	v.	cause to rise up
erect	adj.	upright in position or posture
erect	adj.	of sexual organs; stiff and rigid
erectile	adj.	capable of being raised to an upright position
erectile	adj.	filled with vascular sinuses and capable of becoming distended and rigid as the result of being filled with blood
erection	n.	an erect penis
erection	n.	a structure that has been erected
erection	n.	the act of building or putting up
erectness	n.	the property of being upright in posture
erectness	n.	position at right angles to the horizon
eremite	n.	a Christian recluse
erewhon	n.	a satirical novel written by Samuel Butler (1872) describing a fictitious land
erg	n.	a cgs unit of work or energy; the work done by a force of one dyne acting over a distance of one centimeter
ergo	adv.	(used as a sentence connector) therefore or consequently
ergonomic	adj.	of or relating to ergonomics
ergonomics	n.	the branch of engineering science in which biological science is used to study the relation between workers and their environments
ergosterol	n.	a plant sterol that is converted into vitamin D by ultraviolet radiation
ergot	n.	a plant disease caused by the ergot fungus
ergot	n.	a fungus that infects various cereal plants forming compact black masses of branching filaments that replace many grains of the plant; source of medicinally important alkaloids and of lysergic acid
erica	n.	any plant of the genus Erica
eridanus	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Fornax and Cetus
erie	n.	a member of an Iroquoian people formerly living on the south shore of Lake Erie in northern Ohio and northwest Pennsylvania and western New York
erie	n.	the 4th largest of the Great Lakes; it is linked to the Hudson River by the New York State Barge Canal
erie	n.	a port city on Lake Erie in northwestern Pennsylvania
erin	n.	an early name of Ireland that is now used in poetry
eris	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of discord; sister of Ares
eritrea	n.	an African country to the north of Ethiopia on the Red Sea; achieved independence from Ethiopia in 1993
eritrean	n.	a native or inhabitant of Eritrea
eritrean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Eritrea or its people
erlang	n.	a unit of traffic intensity in a telephone system
erlenmeyer	n.	German chemist (1825-1909)
ermine	n.	the expensive white fur of the ermine
ermine	n.	mustelid of northern hemisphere in its white winter coat
ernst	n.	painter (born in Germany, resident of France and the United States) who was a cofounder of dadaism; developed the technique of collage (1891-1976)
erode	v.	become ground down or deteriorate
erode	v.	remove soil or rock
erogenous	adj.	sensitive to sexual stimulation
eros	n.	(Greek mythology) god of love; son of Aphrodite; identified with Roman Cupid
eros	n.	a desire for sexual intimacy
erosion	n.	(geology) the mechanical process of wearing or grinding something down (as by particles washing over it)
erosion	n.	condition in which the earth's surface is worn away by the action of water and wind
erosion	n.	a gradual decline of something
erosion	n.	erosion by chemical action
erosive	adj.	wearing away by friction
erosive	adj.	of a substance, especially a strong acid; capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action
erotic	n.	an erotic person
erotic	adj.	giving sexual pleasure; sexually arousing
erotica	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
erotically	adv.	in an erotic manner
eroticism	n.	a state of anticipation of sexuality
eroticism	n.	the arousal of feelings of sexual desire
err	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
err	v.	wander from a direct course or at random
errand	n.	a short trip that is taken in the performance of a necessary task or mission
errant	adj.	straying from the right course or from accepted standards
errant	adj.	uncontrolled motion that is irregular or unpredictable
errata	n.	a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind
erratic	adj.	liable to sudden unpredictable change
erratic	adj.	having no fixed course
erratic	adj.	likely to perform unpredictably; ; ; - Osbert Lancaster
erratically	adv.	in an erratic unpredictable manner
erratum	n.	a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind
erroneous	adj.	containing or characterized by error
error	n.	a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention
error	n.	inadvertent incorrectness
error	n.	a misconception resulting from incorrect information
error	n.	(baseball) a failure of a defensive player to make an out when normal play would have sufficed
error	n.	departure from what is ethically acceptable
error	n.	(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer
error	n.	part of a statement that is not correct
ersatz	n.	an artificial or inferior substitute or imitation
ersatz	adj.	artificial and inferior
erse	n.	any of several related languages of the Celts in Ireland and Scotland
erst	adv.	at a previous time
erstwhile	adj.	belonging to some prior time
erstwhile	adv.	at a previous time
eruct	v.	eject or send out in large quantities, also metaphorical
eruct	v.	expel gas from the stomach
eructation	n.	(of volcanos) pouring out fumes or lava (or a deposit so formed)
eructation	n.	a reflex that expels gas noisily from the stomach through the mouth
erudite	adj.	having or showing profound knowledge
erudition	n.	profound scholarly knowledge
erupt	v.	start abruptly
erupt	v.	erupt or intensify suddenly
erupt	v.	start to burn or burst into flames
erupt	v.	break out
erupt	v.	become active and spew forth lava and rocks
erupt	v.	force out or release suddenly and often violently something pent up
erupt	v.	appear on the skin
erupt	v.	become raw or open
eruption	n.	the sudden occurrence of a violent discharge of steam and volcanic material
eruption	n.	symptom consisting of a breaking out and becoming visible
eruption	n.	(of volcanos) pouring out fumes or lava (or a deposit so formed)
eruption	n.	a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually of some undesirable condition)
eruption	n.	a sudden very loud noise
eruption	n.	the emergence of a tooth as it breaks through the gum
erysipelas	n.	an acute streptococcal infection characterized by deep-red inflammation of the skin and mucous membranes
erythrocyte	n.	a mature blood cell that contains hemoglobin to carry oxygen to the bodily tissues; a biconcave disc that has no nucleus
erythromycin	n.	an antibiotic (trade name Erythrocin or E-Mycin or Ethril or Ilosone or Pediamycin) obtained from the actinomycete Streptomyces erythreus; effective against many Gram-positive bacteria and some Gram-negative
esau	n.	(Old Testament) the eldest son of Isaac who would have inherited the covenant that God made with Abraham and that Abraham passed on to Isaac; he traded his birthright to his twin brother Jacob for a mess of pottage
escalate	v.	increase in extent or intensity
escalation	n.	an increase to counteract a perceived discrepancy
escalations	n.	an increase to counteract a perceived discrepancy
escalator	n.	a clause in a contract that provides for an increase or a decrease in wages or prices or benefits etc. depending on certain conditions (as a change in the cost of living index)
escalator	n.	a stairway whose steps move continuously on a circulating belt
escallop	n.	edible muscle of mollusks having fan-shaped shells; served broiled or poached or in salads or cream sauces
escallop	n.	thin slice of meat (especially veal) usually fried or broiled
escallop	n.	edible marine bivalve having a fluted fan-shaped shell that swim by expelling water from the shell in a series of snapping motions
escallop	v.	bake in a sauce, milk, etc., often with breadcrumbs on top
escapade	n.	a wild and exciting undertaking (not necessarily lawful)
escapade	n.	any carefree episode
escape	n.	the act of escaping physically
escape	n.	an inclination to retreat from unpleasant realities through diversion or fantasy
escape	n.	nonperformance of something distasteful (as by deceit or trickery) that you are supposed to do
escape	n.	an avoidance of danger or difficulty
escape	n.	a means or way of escaping
escape	n.	a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild
escape	n.	the discharge of a fluid from some container
escape	n.	a valve in a container in which pressure can build up (as a steam boiler); it opens automatically when the pressure reaches a dangerous level
escape	v.	run away from confinement
escape	v.	fail to experience
escape	v.	escape potentially unpleasant consequences; get away with a forbidden action
escape	v.	be incomprehensible to; escape understanding by
escape	v.	remove oneself from a familiar environment, usually for pleasure or diversion
escape	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
escape	v.	issue or leak, as from a small opening
escapee	n.	someone who escapes
escapement	n.	mechanical device that regulates movement
escapism	n.	an inclination to retreat from unpleasant realities through diversion or fantasy
escapist	n.	a person who escapes into a world of fantasy
escapologist	n.	an entertainer who is expert in the art of escaping
escapology	n.	the study of methods of escaping (especially as a form of entertainment)
escargot	n.	edible terrestrial snail usually served in the shell with a sauce of melted butter and garlic
escarole	n.	variety of endive having leaves with irregular frilled edges
escarpment	n.	a long steep slope or cliff at the edge of a plateau or ridge; usually formed by erosion
escarpment	n.	a steep artificial slope in front of a fortification
eschatological	adj.	of or relating to or dealing with or regarding the ultimate destiny of mankind and the world
eschatology	n.	the branch of theology that is concerned with such final things as death and Last Judgment; Heaven and Hell; the ultimate destiny of humankind
escherichia	n.	a genus of enteric bacteria
eschew	v.	avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of
escort	n.	someone who escorts and protects a prominent person
escort	n.	the act of accompanying someone or something in order to protect them
escort	n.	an attendant who is employed to accompany someone
escort	n.	a participant in a date
escort	v.	accompany as an escort
escort	v.	accompany or escort
escritoire	n.	a desk used for writing
escrow	n.	a written agreement (or property or money) delivered to a third party or put in trust by one party to a contract to be returned after fulfillment of some condition
escudo	n.	formerly the basic monetary unit of Portugal; equal to 100 centavo
escudo	n.	the basic unit of money on Cape Verde; equal to 100 centavos
escutcheon	n.	a flat protective covering (on a door or wall etc) to prevent soiling by dirty fingers
escutcheon	n.	(nautical) a plate on a ship's stern on which the name is inscribed
escutcheon	n.	a shield; especially one displaying a coat of arms
ese	n.	the compass point midway between east and southeast
eskimo	n.	a member of a people inhabiting the Arctic (northern Canada or Greenland or Alaska or eastern Siberia); the Algonquians called them Eskimo (`eaters of raw flesh') but they call themselves the Inuit (`the people')
eskimo	n.	the language spoken by the Eskimo
esophageal	adj.	relating to the esophagus
esophagi	n.	the passage between the pharynx and the stomach
esophagus	n.	the passage between the pharynx and the stomach
esoteric	adj.	confined to and understandable by only an enlightened inner circle
esp	n.	apparent power to perceive things that are not present to the senses
espadrille	n.	a sandal with a sole made of rope or rubber and a cloth upper part
espalier	n.	a trellis on which ornamental shrub or fruit tree is trained to grow flat
especial	adj.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected
esperanto	n.	an artificial language based as far as possible on words common to all the European languages
espionage	n.	the systematic use of spies to get military or political secrets
esplanade	n.	a long stretch of open level ground (paved or grassy) for walking beside the seashore
espousal	n.	archaic terms for a wedding or wedding feast
espousal	n.	the act of becoming betrothed or engaged
espousal	n.	the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception
espouse	v.	choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans
espouse	v.	take in marriage
espouse	v.	take up the cause, ideology, practice, method, of someone and use it as one's own
espresso	n.	strong black coffee brewed by forcing hot water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans
esprit	n.	liveliness of mind or spirit
espy	v.	catch sight of
esq	n.	a title of respect for a member of the English gentry ranking just below a knight; placed after the name
esquire	n.	(Middle Ages) an attendant and shield bearer to a knight; a candidate for knighthood
esquire	n.	a title of respect for a member of the English gentry ranking just below a knight; placed after the name
esr	n.	the rate at which red blood cells settle out in a tube of blood under standardized conditions; a high rate usually indicates the presence of inflammation
esr	n.	microwave spectroscopy in which there is resonant absorption of radiation by a paramagnet
essay	n.	an analytic or interpretive literary composition
essay	n.	a tentative attempt
essay	v.	make an effort or attempt
essay	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
essayer	n.	one who tries
essayist	n.	a writer of literary works
essen	n.	a city in western Germany; industrial center of the Ruhr
essence	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
essence	n.	any substance possessing to a high degree the predominant properties of a plant or drug or other natural product from which it is extracted
essence	n.	the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work
essence	n.	a toiletry that emits and diffuses a fragrant odor
essene	n.	a member of an ascetic Jewish sect around the time of Jesus
essene	adj.	said of or relating to the Essenes
essential	n.	anything indispensable
essential	adj.	absolutely necessary; vitally necessary
essential	adj.	basic and fundamental
essential	adj.	of the greatest importance
essential	adj.	being or relating to or containing the essence of a plant etc
essential	adj.	defining rights and duties as opposed to giving the rules by which rights and duties are established
essentially	adv.	in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature
essex	n.	a county in southeastern England on the North Sea and the Thames estuary
est	n.	standard time in the 5th time zone west of Greenwich, reckoned at the 75th meridian; used in the eastern United States
establish	v.	set up or found
establish	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
establish	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
establish	v.	institute, enact, or establish
establish	v.	bring about
establish	v.	place
establish	v.	build or establish something abstract
establish	v.	use as a basis for; found on
establishment	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
establishment	n.	an organization founded and united for a specific purpose
establishment	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
establishment	n.	a public or private structure (business or governmental or educational) including buildings and equipment for business or residence
establishment	n.	any large organization
establishment	n.	(ecology) the process by which a plant or animal becomes established in a new habitat
establishment	n.	the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof
establishments	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
establishments	n.	an organization founded and united for a specific purpose
establishments	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
establishments	n.	a public or private structure (business or governmental or educational) including buildings and equipment for business or residence
establishments	n.	any large organization
establishments	n.	(ecology) the process by which a plant or animal becomes established in a new habitat
establishments	n.	the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof
estate	n.	everything you own; all of your assets (whether real property or personal property) and liabilities
estate	n.	extensive landed property (especially in the country) retained by the owner for his own use
estate	n.	a major social class or order of persons regarded collectively as part of the body politic of the country (especially in the United Kingdom) and formerly possessing distinct political rights
esteem	n.	the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded)
esteem	n.	a feeling of delighted approval and liking
esteem	n.	an attitude of admiration or esteem
esteem	v.	regard highly; think much of
esteem	v.	look on as or consider
ester	n.	formed by reaction between an acid and an alcohol with elimination of water
esther	n.	(Old Testament) a beautiful Jewess chosen by the king of Persia to be his queen; she stopped a plot to massacre all the Jews in Persia (an event celebrated by Jews as the feast of Purim)
esther	n.	an Old Testament book telling of a beautiful Jewess who became queen of Persia and saved her people from massacre
estimable	adj.	deserving of respect or high regard
estimable	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
estimable	adj.	may be computed or estimated
estimate	n.	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
estimate	n.	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody
estimate	n.	a document appraising the value of something (as for insurance or taxation)
estimate	n.	a statement indicating the likely cost of some job
estimate	n.	the respect with which a person is held
estimate	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
estimate	v.	judge to be probable
estimation	n.	a document appraising the value of something (as for insurance or taxation)
estimation	n.	the respect with which a person is held
estimation	n.	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
estimation	n.	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody
estimator	n.	an expert at calculation (or at operating calculating machines)
estonia	n.	a republic in northeastern Europe on the Baltic Sea
estonian	n.	the official language of Estonia; belongs to the Baltic-Finnic family of languages
estonian	adj.	of or pertaining to Estonia or the people or culture of Estonia
estoppel	n.	a rule of evidence whereby a person is barred from denying the truth of a fact that has already been settled
estradiol	n.	the most powerful female hormone that occurs naturally; synthesized and used to treat estrogen deficiency and breast cancer
estrange	v.	remove from customary environment or associations
estrange	v.	arouse hostility or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness
estrangement	n.	separation resulting from hostility
estrangement	n.	the feeling of being alienated from other people
estrogen	n.	a general term for female steroid sex hormones that are secreted by the ovary and responsible for typical female sexual characteristics
estrous	adj.	(of lower mammals) showing or in a state of estrus; in heat
estrus	n.	applies to nonhuman mammals: a state or period of heightened sexual arousal and activity
estuary	n.	the wide part of a river where it nears the sea; fresh and salt water mix
eta	n.	a terrorist organization organized in 1959 by student activists who were dissatisfied with the moderate nationalism of the traditional Basque party; want to create an independent homeland in Spain's western Pyrenees
eta	n.	the 7th letter of the Greek alphabet
etch	v.	make an etching of
etch	v.	cause to stand out or be clearly defined or visible
etch	v.	carve or cut into a block used for printing or print from such a block
etch	v.	carve or cut a design or letters into
etch	v.	selectively dissolve the surface of (a semiconductor or printed circuit) with a solvent, laser, or stream of electrons
etcher	n.	someone who etches
etching	n.	an impression made from an etched plate
etching	n.	an etched plate made with the use of acid
etching	n.	making engraved or etched plates and printing designs from them
etching	v.	make an etching of
etching	v.	cause to stand out or be clearly defined or visible
etching	v.	carve or cut into a block used for printing or print from such a block
etching	v.	carve or cut a design or letters into
etching	v.	selectively dissolve the surface of (a semiconductor or printed circuit) with a solvent, laser, or stream of electrons
etd	n.	a system for screening luggage in airports; an agent passes a swab around or inside luggage and then runs the swab through a machine that can detect trace amounts of explosives
eternal	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
eternal	adj.	tiresomely long; seemingly without end
eternity	n.	time without end
eternity	n.	a state of eternal existence believed in some religions to characterize the afterlife
eternity	n.	a seemingly endless time interval (waiting)
ethane	n.	a colorless odorless alkane gas used as fuel
ethanol	n.	the intoxicating agent in fermented and distilled liquors; used pure or denatured as a solvent or in medicines and colognes and cleaning solutions and rocket fuel; proposed as a renewable clean-burning additive to gasoline
ethelred	n.	king of the English who succeeded to the throne after his half-brother Edward the Martyr was murdered; he struggled unsuccessfully against the invading Danes (969-1016)
ethelred	n.	king of Wessex and Kent and elder brother of Alfred; Alfred joined Ethelred's battle against the invading Danes and succeeded him on his death (died in 871)
ether	n.	the fifth and highest element after air and earth and fire and water; was believed to be the substance composing all heavenly bodies
ether	n.	any of a class of organic compounds that have two hydrocarbon groups linked by an oxygen atom
ether	n.	a medium that was once supposed to fill all space and to support the propagation of electromagnetic waves
ether	n.	a colorless volatile highly inflammable liquid formerly used as an inhalation anesthetic
ethereal	adj.	characterized by lightness and insubstantiality; as impalpable or intangible as air; - Thomas Carlyle
ethereal	adj.	of or containing or dissolved in ether
ethereal	adj.	of heaven or the spirit
ethereal	adj.	characterized by unusual lightness and delicacy
ethernet	n.	a type of network technology for local area networks; coaxial cable carries radio frequency signals between computers at a rate of 10 megabits per second
ethic	n.	the principles of right and wrong that are accepted by an individual or a social group
ethic	n.	a system of principles governing morality and acceptable conduct
ethical	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical study of ethics
ethical	adj.	conforming to accepted standards of social or professional behavior; ; ; ; ; - Omar N. Bradley
ethical	adj.	adhering to ethical and moral principles
ethics	n.	motivation based on ideas of right and wrong
ethics	n.	the philosophical study of moral values and rules
ethics	n.	the principles of right and wrong that are accepted by an individual or a social group
ethics	n.	a system of principles governing morality and acceptable conduct
ethiopia	n.	Ethiopia is a republic in northeastern Africa on the Red Sea; formerly called Abyssinia
ethiopian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Ethiopia
ethiopian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Ethiopia or its people or languages
ethmoid	n.	one of the eight bones of the cranium; a small bone filled with air spaces that forms part of the eye sockets and the nasal cavity
ethnic	n.	a person who is a member of an ethnic group
ethnic	adj.	denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people; - J.F.Kennedy
ethnic	adj.	not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam
ethnically	adv.	with respect to ethnicity
ethnicity	n.	an ethnic quality or affiliation resulting from racial or cultural ties
ethnocentric	adj.	centered on a specific ethnic group, usually one's own
ethnocentrism	n.	belief in the superiority of one's own ethnic group
ethnographer	n.	an anthropologist who does ethnography
ethnographic	adj.	of or relating to ethnography
ethnography	n.	the branch of anthropology that provides scientific description of individual human societies
ethnological	adj.	of or relating to ethnology
ethnologist	n.	an anthropologist who studies ethnology
ethnology	n.	the branch of anthropology that deals with the division of humankind into races and with their origins and distribution and distinctive characteristics
ethologist	n.	a zoologist who studies the behavior of animals in their natural habitats
ethology	n.	the branch of zoology that studies the behavior of animals in their natural habitats
ethos	n.	(anthropology) the distinctive spirit of a culture or an era
ethyl	n.	the univalent hydrocarbon radical C2H5 derived from ethane by the removal of one hydrogen atom
ethylene	n.	a flammable colorless gaseous alkene; obtained from petroleum and natural gas and used in manufacturing many other chemicals; sometimes used as an anesthetic
etiolated	v.	make weak by stunting the growth or development of
etiolated	v.	bleach and alter the natural development of (a green plant) by excluding sunlight
etiolated	v.	make pale or sickly
etiolated	adj.	(especially of plants) developed without chlorophyll by being deprived of light
etiologic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical study of causation
etiologic	adj.	relating to the etiology of a disease
etiological	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical study of causation
etiological	adj.	relating to the etiology of a disease
etiology	n.	the cause of a disease
etiology	n.	the philosophical study of causation
etiquette	n.	rules governing socially acceptable behavior
etna	n.	an inactive volcano in Sicily; last erupted in 1961; the highest volcano in Europe (10,500 feet)
etna	n.	a gas burner used in laboratories; has an air valve to regulate the mixture of gas and air
etruria	n.	an ancient country in central Italy; assimilated by the Romans by about 200 BC
etruscan	n.	a native or inhabitant of ancient Etruria; the Etruscans influenced the Romans (who had suppressed them by about 200 BC)
etude	n.	a short composition for a solo instrument; intended as an exercise or to demonstrate technical virtuosity
etymological	adj.	based on or belonging to etymology
etymologist	n.	a lexicographer who specializes in etymology
etymology	n.	a history of a word
etymology	n.	the study of the sources and development of words
eu	n.	a bivalent and trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group
eu	n.	an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade barriers and increase cooperation among its members
eucalypti	n.	wood of any of various eucalyptus trees valued as timber
eucalypti	n.	a tree of the genus Eucalyptus
eucalyptus	n.	wood of any of various eucalyptus trees valued as timber
eucalyptus	n.	a tree of the genus Eucalyptus
eucharist	n.	a Christian sacrament commemorating the Last Supper by consecrating bread and wine
eucharistic	adj.	of or relating to the sacrament of the Eucharist
euchre	n.	a card game similar to ecarte; each player is dealt 5 cards and the player making trump must take 3 tricks to win a hand
euclid	n.	Greek geometer (3rd century BC)
euclidean	adj.	relating to geometry as developed by Euclid
eugene	n.	Austrian general in the service of the Holy Roman Empire during the War of the Spanish Succession (1663-1736)
eugene	n.	a city in western Oregon on the Willamette River; site of a university
eugenia	n.	tropical trees and shrubs with aromatic leaves and often valuable hard wood
eugenic	adj.	pertaining to or causing improvement in the offspring produced
eugenics	n.	the study of methods of improving genetic qualities by selective breeding (especially as applied to human mating)
eukaryote	n.	an organism with cells characteristic of all life forms except primitive microorganisms such as bacteria; i.e. an organism with `good' or membrane-bound nuclei in its cells
eukaryotic	adj.	having cells with `good' or membrane-bound nuclei
euler	n.	Swiss mathematician (1707-1783)
eulogist	n.	an orator who delivers eulogies or panegyrics
eulogistic	adj.	formally expressing praise
eulogize	v.	praise formally and eloquently
eulogy	n.	a formal expression of praise for someone who has died recently
eulogy	n.	a formal expression of praise
eumenides	n.	(classical mythology) the hideous snake-haired monsters (usually three in number) who pursued unpunished criminals
eunuch	n.	a man who has been castrated and is incapable of reproduction
eunuchs	n.	a man who has been castrated and is incapable of reproduction
euphemism	n.	an inoffensive or indirect expression that is substituted for one that is considered offensive or too harsh
euphemistic	adj.	substituting a mild term for a harsher or distasteful one
euphemistically	adv.	in a euphemistic manner
euphonious	adj.	having a pleasant sound
euphonious	adj.	(of speech or dialect) pleasing in sound; not harsh or strident
euphony	n.	any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds
euphoria	n.	a feeling of great (usually exaggerated) elation
euphoric	adj.	exaggerated feeling of well-being or elation
euphrates	n.	a river in southwestern Asia; flows into the Persian Gulf; was important in the development of several great civilizations in ancient Mesopotamia
eurasia	n.	the land mass formed by the continents of Europe and Asia
eurasian	n.	a person of mixed European and Asian descent
eurasian	adj.	relating to, or coming from, Europe and Asia
eureka	n.	an alloy of copper and nickel with high electrical resistance and a low temperature coefficient; used as resistance wire
eureka	n.	a town in northwest California on an arm of the Pacific Ocean
euripides	n.	one of the greatest tragic dramatists of ancient Greece (480-406 BC)
euro	n.	the basic monetary unit of most members of the European Union (introduced in 1999); in 2002 twelve European nations (Germany, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Austria, Finland) adopted the euro as their basic unit of money and abandoned their traditional currencies
eurodollar	n.	a United States dollar deposited in a European bank and used as an international currency to finance trade
europa	n.	the 4th largest of Jupiter's satellites; covered with a smooth shell of frozen water
europe	n.	the 2nd smallest continent (actually a vast peninsula of Eurasia); the British use `Europe' to refer to all of the continent except the British Isles
europe	n.	an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade barriers and increase cooperation among its members
europe	n.	the nations of the European continent collectively
european	n.	a native or inhabitant of Europe
european	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Europe or the people of Europe
europium	n.	a bivalent and trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group
eurydice	n.	(Greek mythology) the wife of Orpheus
eutectic	n.	a mixture of substances having a minimum melting point
euterpe	n.	a monocotyledonous genus of graceful palm trees in tropical America
euterpe	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of music (or the flute)
euthanasia	n.	the act of killing someone painlessly (especially someone suffering from an incurable illness)
euthenics	n.	the study of methods of improving human well-being and efficient functioning by improving environmental conditions
eutrophication	n.	excessive nutrients in a lake or other body of water, usually caused by runoff of nutrients (animal waste, fertilizers, sewage) from the land, which causes a dense growth of plant life; the decomposition of the plants depletes the supply of oxygen, leading to the death of animal life
evacuate	v.	move out of an unsafe location into safety
evacuate	v.	empty completely
evacuate	v.	move people from their homes or country
evacuate	v.	create a vacuum in (a bulb, flask, reaction vessel)
evacuate	v.	excrete or discharge from the body
evacuation	n.	the act of removing the contents of something
evacuation	n.	the act of evacuating; leaving a place in an orderly fashion; especially for protection
evacuation	n.	the bodily process of discharging waste matter
evacuee	n.	a person who has been evacuated from a dangerous place
evade	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
evade	v.	escape, either physically or mentally
evade	v.	practice evasion
evade	v.	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid
evaluate	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
evaluate	v.	form a critical opinion of
evaluation	n.	act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of
evaluation	n.	an appraisal of the value of something
evaluator	n.	an authority who is able to estimate worth or quality
evanescence	n.	the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight
evanescent	adj.	tending to vanish like vapor
evangelical	adj.	relating to or being a Christian church believing in personal conversion and the inerrancy of the Bible especially the 4 Gospels
evangelical	adj.	of or pertaining to or in keeping with the Christian gospel especially as in the first 4 books of the New Testament
evangelical	adj.	marked by ardent or zealous enthusiasm for a cause
evangelicalism	n.	stresses the importance of personal conversion and faith as the means of salvation
evangelism	n.	zealous preaching and advocacy of the gospel
evangelist	n.	a preacher of the Christian gospel
evangelist	n.	(when capitalized) any of the spiritual leaders who are assumed to be authors of the Gospels in the New Testament: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John
evangelistic	adj.	relating to or promoting the preaching and dissemination of the Christian gospel
evangelistic	adj.	marked by ardent or zealous enthusiasm for a cause
evangelize	v.	preach the gospel (to)
evangelize	v.	convert to Christianity
evans	n.	United States anatomist who identified four pituitary hormones and discovered vitamin E (1882-1971)
evans	n.	British archaeologist who excavated the palace of Knossos in Crete to find what he called Minoan civilization (1851-1941)
evansville	n.	a city in southwestern Indiana on the Ohio River
evaporate	v.	lose or cause to lose liquid by vaporization leaving a more concentrated residue
evaporate	v.	cause to change into a vapor
evaporate	v.	change into a vapor
evaporate	v.	become less intense and fade away gradually
evaporation	n.	the process of becoming a vapor
evaporation	n.	the process of extracting moisture
evasion	n.	a statement that is not literally false but that cleverly avoids an unpleasant truth
evasion	n.	the deliberate act of failing to pay money
evasion	n.	nonperformance of something distasteful (as by deceit or trickery) that you are supposed to do
evasion	n.	the act of physically escaping from something (an opponent or a pursuer or an unpleasant situation) by some adroit maneuver
evasive	adj.	deliberately vague or ambiguous
evasive	adj.	avoiding or escaping from difficulty or danger especially enemy fire
evasiveness	n.	intentionally vague or ambiguous
eve	n.	(Old Testament) Adam's wife in Judeo-Christian mythology: the first woman and mother of the human race; God created Eve from Adam's rib and placed Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden
eve	n.	the day before
eve	n.	the period immediately before something
eve	n.	the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall)
even	n.	the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall)
even	v.	make level or straight
even	v.	become even or more even
even	v.	make even or more even
even	adj.	divisible by two
even	adj.	equal in degree or extent or amount; or equally matched or balanced
even	adj.	being level or straight or regular and without variation as e.g. in shape or texture; or being in the same plane or at the same height as something else (i.e. even with)
even	adj.	symmetrically arranged
even	adj.	occurring at fixed intervals
even	adj.	of the score in a contest
even	adv.	used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected
even	adv.	in spite of; notwithstanding
even	adv.	to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons
even	adv.	to the full extent
evenhanded	adj.	without partiality
evening	n.	the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall)
evening	n.	a later concluding time period
evening	n.	the early part of night (from dinner until bedtime) spent in a special way
evening	v.	make level or straight
evening	v.	become even or more even
evening	v.	make even or more even
evenki	n.	a member of the people inhabiting an area of northern Mongolia and eastern Siberia
evenki	n.	the Tungusic language of the Evenki in eastern Siberia
evenness	n.	the parity of even numbers (divisible by two)
evenness	n.	a quality of uniformity and lack of variation
evenness	n.	the quality of being balanced
evensong	n.	the sixth of the seven canonical hours of the divine office; early evening; now often made a public service on Sundays
evensong	n.	(Anglican Church) a daily evening service with prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer
event	n.	something that happens at a given place and time
event	n.	a special set of circumstances
event	n.	a phenomenon located at a single point in space-time; the fundamental observational entity in relativity theory
event	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
eventful	adj.	full of events or incidents
eventful	adj.	having important issues or results
eventide	n.	the latter part of the day (the period of decreasing daylight from late afternoon until nightfall)
eventual	adj.	expected to follow in the indefinite future from causes already operating
eventuality	n.	a possible event or occurrence or result
eventuate	v.	come out in the end
ever	adv.	at any time
ever	adv.	at all times; all the time and on every occasion
ever	adv.	(intensifier for adjectives) very
everest	n.	a mountain in the central Himalayas on the border of Tibet and Nepal; the highest mountain peak in the world (29,028 feet high)
everglades	n.	a large subtropical swamp in southern Florida that is noted for its wildlife
evergreen	n.	a plant having foliage that persists and remains green throughout the year
evergreen	adj.	(of plants and shrubs) bearing foliage throughout the year
everlasting	n.	any of various plants of various genera of the family Compositae having flowers that can be dried without loss of form or color
everlasting	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
everlasting	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
evermore	adv.	at any future time; in the future
evermore	adv.	for a limitless time; ; - P.P.Bliss
evert	n.	United States tennis player who won women's singles titles in the United States and at Wimbledon (born in 1954)
evert	v.	turn inside out; turn the inner surface of outward
every	adj.	(used of count nouns) each and all of the members of a group considered singly and without exception
every	adj.	each and all of a series of entities or intervals as specified
everyday	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
everyday	adj.	appropriate for ordinary or routine occasions
everyday	adj.	commonplace and ordinary
everyplace	adv.	to or in any or all places; ; ; ; ; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere')
everywhere	adv.	to or in any or all places; ; ; ; ; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere')
evict	v.	expel or eject without recourse to legal process
evict	v.	expel from one's property or force to move out by a legal process
eviction	n.	action by a landlord that compels a tenant to leave the premises (as by rendering the premises unfit for occupancy); no physical expulsion or legal process is involved
eviction	n.	the expulsion of someone (such as a tenant) from the possession of land by process of law
evidence	n.	your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief
evidence	n.	an indication that makes something evident
evidence	n.	(law) all the means by which any alleged matter of fact whose truth is investigated at judicial trial is established or disproved
evidence	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
evidence	v.	provide evidence for
evidence	v.	give evidence
evident	adj.	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
evident	adj.	capable of being seen or noticed
evil	n.	morally objectionable behavior
evil	n.	that which causes harm or destruction or misfortune; - Shakespeare
evil	n.	the quality of being morally wrong in principle or practice
evil	adj.	morally bad or wrong
evil	adj.	having the nature of vice
evil	adj.	having or exerting a malignant influence
evildoer	n.	a person who sins (without repenting)
evildoing	n.	the act of transgressing; the violation of a law or a duty or moral principle
evilness	n.	the quality of being morally wrong in principle or practice
evince	v.	give expression to
eviscerate	v.	surgically remove a part of a structure or an organ
eviscerate	v.	remove the contents of
eviscerate	v.	remove the entrails of
eviscerate	v.	take away a vital or essential part of
eviscerate	adj.	having been disembowelled
evisceration	n.	surgical removal of an organ (or the contents of an organ) from a patient
evisceration	n.	the act of removing the bowels or viscera; the act of cutting so as to cause the viscera to protrude
evisceration	n.	altering something (as a legislative act or a statement) in such a manner as to reduce its value
evocation	n.	imaginative re-creation
evocation	n.	calling up supposed supernatural forces by spells and incantations
evocation	n.	stimulation that calls up (draws forth) a particular class of behaviors
evocative	adj.	serving to bring to mind; - Wilder Hobson
evoke	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
evoke	v.	evoke or provoke to appear or occur
evoke	v.	deduce (a principle) or construe (a meaning)
evoke	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
evoke	v.	call to mind
evolution	n.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage)
evolution	n.	(biology) the sequence of events involved in the evolutionary development of a species or taxonomic group of organisms
evolutionary	adj.	of or relating to or produced by evolution
evolutionist	n.	a person who believes in organic evolution
evolve	v.	work out
evolve	v.	undergo development or evolution
evolve	v.	gain through experience
ewe	n.	a member of a people living in southern Benin and Togo and southeastern Ghana
ewe	n.	a Kwa language spoken by the Ewe in Ghana and Togo and Benin
ewe	n.	female sheep
ewer	n.	an open vessel with a handle and a spout for pouring
ex	n.	a man who was formerly a certain woman's husband
ex	n.	a woman who was formerly a particular man's wife
ex	n.	the 24th letter of the Roman alphabet
ex	adj.	out of fashion
exabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 petabytes or 10^18 bytes
exabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 pebibytes or 2^60 bytes
exacerbate	v.	make worse
exacerbate	v.	exasperate or irritate
exacerbation	n.	action that makes a problem or a disease (or its symptoms) worse
exacerbation	n.	violent and bitter exasperation
exact	v.	claim as due or just
exact	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
exact	adj.	marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact
exact	adj.	(of ideas, images, representations, expressions) characterized by perfect conformity to fact or truth ; strictly correct
exacting	v.	claim as due or just
exacting	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
exacting	adj.	having complicated nutritional requirements; especially growing only in special artificial cultures
exacting	adj.	severe and unremitting in making demands
exacting	adj.	requiring precise accuracy
exaction	n.	act of demanding or levying by force or authority
exactitude	n.	the quality of being exact
exactness	n.	the quality of being exact
exaggerate	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
exaggerate	v.	do something to an excessive degree
exaggerated	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
exaggerated	v.	do something to an excessive degree
exaggerated	adj.	represented as greater than is true or reasonable
exaggerated	adj.	enlarged to an abnormal degree
exaggeration	n.	extravagant exaggeration
exaggeration	n.	the act of making something more noticeable than usual
exaggeration	n.	making to seem more important than it really is
exalt	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
exalt	v.	fill with sublime emotion
exalt	v.	heighten or intensify
exalt	v.	raise in rank, character, or status
exaltation	n.	a state of being carried away by overwhelming emotion; - Charles Dickens
exaltation	n.	the location of a planet in the zodiac at which it is believed to exert its maximum influence
exaltation	n.	a flock of larks (especially a flock of larks in flight overhead)
exaltation	n.	the elevation of a person (as to the status of a god)
exam	n.	a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
examination	n.	the act of examining something closely (as for mistakes)
examination	n.	a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
examination	n.	formal systematic questioning
examination	n.	a detailed inspection of your conscience (as done daily by Jesuits)
examination	n.	the act of giving students or candidates a test (as by questions) to determine what they know or have learned
examine	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
examine	v.	observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect
examine	v.	question or examine thoroughly and closely
examine	v.	question closely
examine	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
examiner	n.	someone who administers a test to determine your qualifications
examiner	n.	an investigator who observes carefully
example	n.	an item of information that is typical of a class or group
example	n.	a representative form or pattern
example	n.	something to be imitated
example	n.	punishment intended as a warning to others
example	n.	an occurrence of something
example	n.	a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding
exasperate	v.	exasperate or irritate
exasperate	v.	make furious
exasperate	v.	make worse
exasperated	v.	exasperate or irritate
exasperated	v.	make furious
exasperated	v.	make worse
exasperated	adj.	greatly annoyed; out of patience
exasperating	v.	exasperate or irritate
exasperating	v.	make furious
exasperating	v.	make worse
exasperating	adj.	extremely annoying or displeasing
exasperating	adj.	making worse
exasperation	n.	an exasperated feeling of annoyance
exasperation	n.	actions that cause great irritation (or even anger)
excalibur	n.	the legendary sword of King Arthur
excavate	v.	recover through digging
excavate	v.	find by digging in the ground
excavate	v.	form by hollowing
excavate	v.	remove the inner part or the core of
excavation	n.	the act of digging
excavation	n.	the site of an archeological exploration
excavation	n.	a hole in the ground made by excavating
excavation	n.	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth
excavator	n.	a workman who excavates for foundations of buildings or for quarrying
excavator	n.	a machine for excavating
exceed	v.	be greater in scope or size than some standard
exceed	v.	be superior or better than some standard
exceed	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
exceeding	v.	be greater in scope or size than some standard
exceeding	v.	be superior or better than some standard
exceeding	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
exceeding	adj.	far beyond what is usual in magnitude or degree
excel	v.	distinguish oneself
excelled	v.	distinguish oneself
excellence	n.	the quality of excelling; possessing good qualities in high degree
excellence	n.	an outstanding feature; something in which something or someone excels
excellency	n.	a title used to address dignitaries (such as ambassadors or governors); usually preceded by `Your' or `His' or `Her'
excellency	n.	an outstanding feature; something in which something or someone excels
excellent	adj.	very good;of the highest quality
excelling	v.	distinguish oneself
excelsior	n.	thin curly wood shavings used for packing or stuffing
except	v.	take exception to
except	v.	prevent from being included or considered or accepted
exception	n.	a deliberate act of omission
exception	n.	an instance that does not conform to a rule or generalization
exception	n.	grounds for adverse criticism
exceptionable	adj.	liable to objection or debate; used of something one might take exception to
exceptional	adj.	far beyond what is usual in magnitude or degree
exceptional	adj.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected
exceptional	adj.	deviating widely from a norm of physical or mental ability; used especially of children below normal in intelligence
excerpt	n.	a passage selected from a larger work
excerpt	v.	take out of a literary work in order to cite or copy
excess	n.	a quantity much larger than is needed
excess	n.	immoderation as a consequence of going beyond sufficient or permitted limits
excess	n.	the state of being more than full
excess	n.	excessive indulgence
excess	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
excessive	adj.	beyond normal limits
excessive	adj.	unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings
exchange	n.	chemical process in which one atom or ion or group changes places with another
exchange	n.	a mutual expression of views (especially an unpleasant one)
exchange	n.	the act of changing one thing for another thing
exchange	n.	the act of giving something in return for something received
exchange	n.	a workplace that serves as a telecommunications facility where lines from telephones can be connected together to permit communication
exchange	n.	a workplace for buying and selling; open only to members
exchange	n.	(sports) an unbroken sequence of several successive strokes
exchange	n.	reciprocal transfer of equivalent sums of money (especially the currencies of different countries)
exchange	n.	the act of putting one thing or person in the place of another:
exchange	n.	(chess) gaining (or losing) a rook in return for a knight or bishop
exchange	n.	(chess) the capture by both players (usually on consecutive moves) of pieces of equal value
exchange	v.	give to, and receive from, one another
exchange	v.	exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category
exchange	v.	change over, change around, as to a new order or sequence
exchange	v.	hand over one and receive another, approximately equivalent
exchange	v.	put in the place of another; switch seemingly equivalent items
exchange	v.	exchange a penalty for a less severe one
exchangeable	adj.	suitable to be exchanged
exchangeable	adj.	capable of being exchanged for or replaced by something of equal value
exchangeable	adj.	capable of replacing or changing places with something else; permitting mutual substitution without loss of function or suitability
exchequer	n.	the funds of a government or institution or individual
excise	n.	a tax that is measured by the amount of business done (not on property or income from real estate)
excise	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
excise	v.	levy an excise tax on
excise	v.	remove by cutting
excision	n.	the omission that is made when an editorial change shortens a written passage
excision	n.	surgical removal of a body part or tissue
excision	n.	the act of banishing a member of a church from the communion of believers and the privileges of the church; cutting a person off from a religious society
excision	n.	the act of pulling up or out; uprooting; cutting off from existence
excitability	n.	excessive sensitivity of an organ or body part
excitability	n.	being easily excited
excitation	n.	the state of being emotionally aroused and worked up
excitation	n.	the neural or electrical arousal of an organ or muscle or gland
excitation	n.	something that agitates and arouses
excite	v.	arouse or elicit a feeling
excite	v.	act as a stimulant
excite	v.	stir feelings in
excite	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
excite	v.	stimulate sexually
excite	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
excite	v.	raise to a higher energy level
excite	v.	produce a magnetic field in
excited	v.	arouse or elicit a feeling
excited	v.	act as a stimulant
excited	v.	stir feelings in
excited	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
excited	v.	stimulate sexually
excited	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
excited	v.	raise to a higher energy level
excited	v.	produce a magnetic field in
excited	adj.	(of persons) excessively affected by emotion
excited	adj.	in an aroused state
excited	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
excited	adj.	(of e.g. a molecule) made reactive or more reactive
excitement	n.	the feeling of lively and cheerful joy
excitement	n.	the state of being emotionally aroused and worked up
excitement	n.	something that agitates and arouses
excitement	n.	disturbance usually in protest
exciting	v.	arouse or elicit a feeling
exciting	v.	act as a stimulant
exciting	v.	stir feelings in
exciting	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
exciting	v.	stimulate sexually
exciting	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
exciting	v.	raise to a higher energy level
exciting	v.	produce a magnetic field in
exciting	adj.	creating or arousing excitement
exciting	adj.	stimulating interest and discussion
exclaim	v.	utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy
exclaim	v.	state or announce
exclamation	n.	an abrupt excited utterance
exclamation	n.	a loud complaint or protest or reproach
exclamation	n.	an exclamatory rhetorical device
exclamatory	adj.	sudden and strong
exclude	v.	prevent from being included or considered or accepted
exclude	v.	prevent from entering; shut out
exclude	v.	lack or fail to include
exclude	v.	prevent from entering; keep out
exclude	v.	put out or expel from a place
exclusion	n.	the state of being excluded
exclusion	n.	the state of being excommunicated
exclusion	n.	a deliberate act of omission
exclusion	n.	the act of forcing out someone or something
exclusive	n.	a news report that is reported first by one news organization
exclusive	adj.	not divided or shared with others
exclusive	adj.	excluding much or all; especially all but a particular group or minority
exclusive	adj.	not divided among or brought to bear on more than one object or objective
exclusiveness	n.	tendency to associate with only a select group
excommunicate	v.	exclude from a church or a religious community
excommunicate	v.	oust or exclude from a group or membership by decree
excommunication	n.	the state of being excommunicated
excommunication	n.	the act of banishing a member of a church from the communion of believers and the privileges of the church; cutting a person off from a religious society
excoriate	v.	express strong disapproval of
excoriate	v.	tear or wear off the skin or make sore by abrading
excoriation	n.	an abraded area where the skin is torn or worn off
excoriation	n.	severe censure
excrement	n.	waste matter (as urine or sweat but especially feces) discharged from the body
excrescence	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
excrescence	n.	(pathology) an abnormal outgrowth or enlargement of some part of the body
excrescent	adj.	forming an outgrowth (usually an excessive outgrowth)
excreta	n.	waste matter (as urine or sweat but especially feces) discharged from the body
excrete	v.	eliminate from the body
excretion	n.	the bodily process of discharging waste matter
excretion	n.	waste matter (as urine or sweat but especially feces) discharged from the body
excretory	adj.	of or relating to the process of excretion
excruciating	v.	torment emotionally or mentally
excruciating	v.	subject to torture
excruciating	adj.	extremely painful
exculpate	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
exculpation	n.	a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc.
exculpation	n.	the act of freeing from guilt or blame
exculpatory	adj.	clearing of guilt or blame
excursion	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
excursion	n.	wandering from the main path of a journey
excursionist	n.	a tourist who is visiting sights of interest
excursive	adj.	(of e.g. speech and writing) tending to depart from the main point or cover a wide range of subjects
excusable	adj.	capable of being overlooked
excusable	adj.	easily excused or forgiven
excusably	adv.	in an excusable manner or to an excusable degree
excuse	n.	a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc.
excuse	n.	a note explaining an absence
excuse	n.	a poor example
excuse	v.	accept an excuse for
excuse	v.	grant exemption or release to
excuse	v.	serve as a reason or cause or justification of
excuse	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
excuse	v.	ask for permission to be released from an engagement
excuse	v.	excuse, overlook, or make allowances for; be lenient with
excused	v.	accept an excuse for
excused	v.	grant exemption or release to
excused	v.	serve as a reason or cause or justification of
excused	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
excused	v.	ask for permission to be released from an engagement
excused	v.	excuse, overlook, or make allowances for; be lenient with
excused	adj.	granted exemption
exec	n.	the chief executive department of the United States government
execrable	adj.	of very poor quality or condition
execrable	adj.	unequivocally detestable; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke
execrable	adj.	deserving a curse
execrate	v.	find repugnant
execrate	v.	curse or declare to be evil or anathema or threaten with divine punishment
execration	n.	hate coupled with disgust
execration	n.	an appeal to some supernatural power to inflict evil on someone or some group
execration	n.	the object of cursing or detestation; that which is execrated
execute	v.	kill as a means of socially sanctioned punishment
execute	v.	murder in a planned fashion
execute	v.	put in effect
execute	v.	carry out the legalities of
execute	v.	carry out a process or program, as on a computer or a machine
execute	v.	carry out or perform an action
execute	v.	sign in the presence of witnesses
execution	n.	putting a condemned person to death
execution	n.	the act of performing; of doing something successfully; using knowledge as distinguished from merely possessing it
execution	n.	(computer science) the process of carrying out an instruction by a computer
execution	n.	(law) the completion of a legal instrument (such as a contract or deed) by signing it (and perhaps sealing and delivering it) so that it becomes legally binding and enforceable
execution	n.	a routine court order that attempts to enforce the judgment that has been granted to a plaintiff by authorizing a sheriff to carry it out
execution	n.	the act of accomplishing some aim or executing some order
execution	n.	unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being
executioner	n.	an official who inflicts capital punishment in pursuit of a warrant
executive	n.	a person responsible for the administration of a business
executive	n.	persons who administer the law
executive	n.	someone who manages a government agency or department
executive	adj.	having the function of carrying out plans or orders etc.
executor	n.	a person appointed by a testator to carry out the terms of the will
executrices	n.	a woman executor
executrix	n.	a woman executor
exegeses	n.	an explanation or critical interpretation (especially of the Bible)
exegesis	n.	an explanation or critical interpretation (especially of the Bible)
exegetic	adj.	relating to exegesis
exegetical	adj.	relating to exegesis
exemplar	n.	something to be imitated
exemplary	adj.	worthy of imitation
exemplary	adj.	being or serving as an illustration of a type
exemplary	adj.	serving to warn
exemplification	n.	showing by example
exemplification	n.	a representational or typifying form or model
exemplify	v.	be characteristic of
exemplify	v.	clarify by giving an example of
exempt	v.	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to
exempt	v.	grant exemption or release to
exempt	adj.	(of persons) freed from or not subject to an obligation or liability (as e.g. taxes) to which others or other things are subject
exempt	adj.	(of goods or funds) not subject to taxation
exemption	n.	immunity from an obligation or duty
exemption	n.	a deduction allowed to a taxpayer because of his status (having certain dependents or being blind or being over 65 etc.)
exemption	n.	an act exempting someone
exercise	n.	the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit
exercise	n.	the act of using
exercise	n.	systematic training by multiple repetitions
exercise	n.	a task performed or problem solved in order to develop skill or understanding
exercise	n.	(usually plural) a ceremony that involves processions and speeches
exercise	v.	put to use
exercise	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
exercise	v.	give a workout to
exercise	v.	do physical exercise
exercise	v.	learn by repetition
exerciser	n.	sports equipment used in gymnastic exercises
exercycle	n.	an exercise device resembling a stationary bike
exert	v.	put to use
exert	v.	have and exercise
exert	v.	make a great effort at a mental or physical task
exertion	n.	use of physical or mental energy; hard work
exfoliate	v.	spread by opening the leaves of
exfoliate	v.	cast off in scales, laminae, or splinters
exfoliate	v.	remove the surface, in scales or laminae
exfoliate	v.	come off in a very thin piece
exfoliate	v.	grow by producing or unfolding leaves
exhalation	n.	exhaled breath
exhalation	n.	the act of expelling air from the lungs
exhale	v.	expel air
exhale	v.	give out (breath or an odor)
exhaust	n.	gases ejected from an engine as waste products
exhaust	n.	system consisting of the parts of an engine through which burned gases or steam are discharged
exhaust	v.	wear out completely
exhaust	v.	use up (resources or materials)
exhaust	v.	deplete
exhaust	v.	use up the whole supply of
exhaust	v.	eliminate (a substance)
exhaustible	adj.	capable of being used up
exhaustible	adj.	capable of being used up; capable of being exhausted
exhaustion	n.	extreme fatigue
exhaustion	n.	serious weakening and loss of energy
exhaustion	n.	the act of exhausting something entirely
exhaustive	adj.	performed comprehensively and completely
exhibit	n.	an object or statement produced before a court of law and referred to while giving evidence
exhibit	n.	something shown to the public
exhibit	v.	show an attribute, property, knowledge, or skill
exhibit	v.	to show, make visible or apparent
exhibit	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
exhibit	v.	walk ostentatiously
exhibition	n.	the act of exhibiting
exhibition	n.	a collection of things (goods or works of art etc.) for public display
exhibitionism	n.	extravagant and conspicuous behavior intended to attract attention to yourself
exhibitionism	n.	the perverse act of exposing and attracting attention to your own genitals
exhibitionist	n.	someone with a compulsive desire to expose the genitals
exhibitionist	n.	someone who deliberately behaves in such a way as to attract attention
exhibitor	n.	someone who organizes an exhibit for others to see
exhilarate	v.	fill with sublime emotion
exhilaration	n.	the feeling of lively and cheerful joy
exhort	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
exhort	v.	force or impel in an indicated direction
exhortation	n.	a communication intended to urge or persuade the recipients to take some action
exhortation	n.	the act of exhorting; an earnest attempt at persuasion
exhumation	n.	the act of digging something out of the ground (especially a corpse) where it has been buried
exhume	v.	dig up for reburial or for medical investigation; of dead bodies
exigency	n.	a pressing or urgent situation
exigency	n.	a sudden unforeseen crisis (usually involving danger) that requires immediate action
exigent	adj.	demanding attention; ; ; - H.L.Mencken
exigent	adj.	requiring precise accuracy
exiguity	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
exiguous	adj.	extremely scanty
exile	n.	a person who is voluntarily absent from home or country
exile	n.	a person who is expelled from home or country by authority
exile	n.	the act of expelling a person from their native land
exile	v.	expel from a country
exilic	adj.	of or relating to a period of exile (especially the exile of the Jews known as the Babylonian Captivity)
exist	v.	have an existence, be extant
exist	v.	support oneself
existence	n.	the state or fact of existing
existence	n.	everything that exists anywhere
existent	adj.	having existence or being or actuality
existent	adj.	being or occurring in fact or actuality; having verified existence; not illusory; ; ; ; ; ; - Longfellow
existent	adj.	presently existing in fact and not merely potential or possible
existential	adj.	derived from experience or the experience of existence; - Benjamin Farrington; - John Dewey
existential	adj.	of or as conceived by existentialism
existential	adj.	relating to or dealing with existence (especially with human existence)
existentialism	n.	(philosophy) a 20th-century philosophical movement chiefly in Europe; assumes that people are entirely free and thus responsible for what they make of themselves
existentialist	n.	a philosopher who emphasizes freedom of choice and personal responsibility but who regards human existence in a hostile universe as unexplainable
existentialist	adj.	relating to or involving existentialism
exit	n.	an opening that permits escape or release
exit	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
exit	n.	the act of going out
exit	v.	move out of or depart from
exit	v.	lose the lead
exit	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
exobiology	n.	the branch of biology concerned with the effects of outer space on living organisms and the search for extraterrestrial life
exocet	n.	a guided missile developed by the French government for use against ships
exodus	n.	a journey by a large group to escape from a hostile environment
exodus	n.	the second book of the Old Testament: tells of the departure of the Israelites out of slavery in Egypt led by Moses; God gave them the Ten Commandments and the rest of Mosaic law on Mount Sinai during the Exodus
exogenous	adj.	derived or originating externally
exon	n.	sequence of a gene's DNA that transcribes into protein structures
exonerate	v.	pronounce not guilty of criminal charges
exoneration	n.	the condition of being relieved from blame or obligation
exoneration	n.	the act of vindicating or defending against criticism or censure etc.
exorbitance	n.	excessive excess
exorbitant	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
exorcise	v.	expel through adjuration or prayers
exorcism	n.	freeing from evil spirits
exorcist	n.	one of the minor orders in the unreformed Western Church but now suppressed in the Roman Catholic Church
exorcist	n.	someone who practices exorcism
exoskeleton	n.	the exterior protective or supporting structure or shell of many animals (especially invertebrates) including bony or horny parts such as nails or scales or hoofs
exosphere	n.	the outermost atmospheric layer
exothermic	adj.	(of a chemical reaction or compound) occurring or formed with the liberation of heat
exotic	adj.	being or from or characteristic of another place or part of the world
exotic	adj.	strikingly strange or unusual
exoticism	n.	the quality of being exotic
expand	v.	extend in one or more directions
expand	v.	become larger in size or volume or quantity
expand	v.	make bigger or wider in size, volume, or quantity
expand	v.	grow vigorously
expand	v.	exaggerate or make bigger
expand	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
expand	v.	expand the influence of
expanse	n.	a wide scope
expanse	n.	the extent of a 2-dimensional surface enclosed within a boundary
expanse	n.	a wide and open space or area as of surface or land or sky
expansible	adj.	able to expand or be expanded
expansible	adj.	(of gases) capable of expansion
expansion	n.	the act of increasing (something) in size or volume or quantity or scope
expansion	n.	a function expressed as a sum or product of terms
expansion	n.	a discussion that provides additional information
expansion	n.	adding information or detail
expansionism	n.	the doctrine of expanding the territory or the economic influence of a country
expansionist	adj.	of or involving or guided by expansionism
expansive	adj.	able or tending to expand or characterized by expansion
expansive	adj.	of behavior that is impressive and ambitious in scale or scope
expansive	adj.	marked by exaggerated feelings of euphoria and delusions of grandeur
expansive	adj.	friendly and open and willing to talk
expansiveness	n.	a quality characterized by magnificence of scale or the tendency to expand
expansiveness	n.	a friendly open trait of a talkative person
expat	n.	a person who is voluntarily absent from home or country
expatiate	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
expatiation	n.	a discussion (spoken or written) that enlarges on a topic or theme at length or in detail
expatriate	n.	a person who is voluntarily absent from home or country
expatriate	v.	expel from a country
expatriate	v.	move away from one's native country and adopt a new residence abroad
expatriation	n.	the act of expelling a person from their native land
expatriation	n.	migration from a place (especially migration from your native country in order to settle in another)
expect	v.	regard something as probable or likely
expect	v.	consider obligatory; request and expect
expect	v.	look forward to the probable occurrence of
expect	v.	consider reasonable or due
expect	v.	look forward to the birth of a child
expect	v.	be pregnant with
expectancy	n.	an expectation
expectancy	n.	something expected (as on the basis of a norm)
expectant	adj.	marked by eager anticipation
expectant	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
expectation	n.	belief about (or mental picture of) the future
expectation	n.	anticipating with confidence of fulfillment
expectation	n.	the feeling that something is about to happen
expectation	n.	the sum of the values of a random variable divided by the number of values
expectorant	n.	a medicine promoting expectoration
expectorate	v.	clear out the chest and lungs
expectorate	v.	discharge (phlegm or sputum) from the lungs and out of the mouth
expectoration	n.	the process of coughing up and spitting out
expectoration	n.	the act of spitting (forcefully expelling saliva)
expedience	n.	the quality of being suited to the end in view
expedience	n.	taking advantage of opportunities without regard for the consequences for others
expediences	n.	the quality of being suited to the end in view
expediences	n.	taking advantage of opportunities without regard for the consequences for others
expediencies	n.	the quality of being suited to the end in view
expediency	n.	the quality of being suited to the end in view
expedient	n.	a means to an end; not necessarily a principled or ethical one
expedient	adj.	serving to promote your interest
expedient	adj.	appropriate to a purpose; practical
expedite	v.	speed up the progress of; facilitate
expedite	v.	process fast and efficiently
expedition	n.	a military campaign designed to achieve a specific objective in a foreign country
expedition	n.	an organized group of people undertaking a journey for a particular purpose
expedition	n.	a journey organized for a particular purpose
expedition	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
expedition	n.	the property of being prompt and efficient
expeditionary	adj.	(used of military forces) designed for military operations abroad
expeditious	adj.	marked by speed and efficiency
expeditiousness	n.	the property of being prompt and efficient
expel	v.	force to leave or move out
expel	v.	remove from a position or office
expel	v.	cause to flee
expel	v.	eliminate (a substance)
expelled	v.	force to leave or move out
expelled	v.	remove from a position or office
expelled	v.	cause to flee
expelled	v.	eliminate (a substance)
expelling	n.	any of several bodily processes by which substances go out of the body
expelling	v.	force to leave or move out
expelling	v.	remove from a position or office
expelling	v.	cause to flee
expelling	v.	eliminate (a substance)
expend	v.	use up, consume fully
expend	v.	pay out
expendable	adj.	suitable to be expended
expendable	adj.	(used of funds) remaining after taxes
expenditure	n.	money paid out; an amount spent
expenditure	n.	the act of spending money for goods or services
expenditure	n.	the act of consuming something
expense	n.	amounts paid for goods and services that may be currently tax deductible (as opposed to capital expenditures)
expense	n.	a detriment or sacrifice
expense	n.	money spent to perform work and usually reimbursed by an employer
expense	v.	reduce the estimated value of something
expensive	adj.	high in price or charging high prices
expensiveness	n.	the quality of being high-priced
experience	n.	the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities
experience	n.	the content of direct observation or participation in an event
experience	n.	an event as apprehended
experience	v.	go or live through
experience	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
experience	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
experience	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
experience	v.	undergo
experiences	n.	the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities
experiences	n.	the content of direct observation or participation in an event
experiences	n.	an event as apprehended
experiences	v.	go or live through
experiences	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
experiences	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
experiences	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
experiences	v.	undergo
experiencing	v.	go or live through
experiencing	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
experiencing	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
experiencing	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
experiencing	v.	undergo
experiential	adj.	relating to or resulting from experience
experiential	adj.	derived from experience or the experience of existence; - Benjamin Farrington; - John Dewey
experiment	n.	the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation
experiment	n.	the testing of an idea
experiment	n.	a venture at something new or different
experiment	v.	to conduct a test or investigation
experiment	v.	try something new, as in order to gain experience
experimental	adj.	relating to or based on experiment
experimental	adj.	relying on observation or experiment
experimental	adj.	of the nature of or undergoing an experiment
experimentation	n.	the testing of an idea
experimentation	n.	the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation
experimenter	n.	a research worker who conducts experiments
experimenter	n.	a person who enjoys testing innovative ideas
expert	n.	a person with special knowledge or ability who performs skillfully
expert	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
expert	adj.	of or relating to or requiring special knowledge to be understood
expertise	n.	skillfulness by virtue of possessing special knowledge
expertness	n.	skillfulness by virtue of possessing special knowledge
expiate	v.	make amends for
expiation	n.	compensation for a wrong
expiation	n.	the act of atoning for sin or wrongdoing (especially appeasing a deity)
expiatory	adj.	having power to atone for or offered by way of expiation or propitiation
expiration	n.	a coming to an end of a contract period
expiration	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
expiration	n.	the act of expelling air from the lungs
expire	v.	lose validity
expire	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
expire	v.	expel air
expired	v.	lose validity
expired	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
expired	v.	expel air
expired	adj.	having come to an end or become void after passage of a period of time
expiry	n.	a coming to an end of a contract period
expiry	n.	the event of dying or departure from life
explain	v.	make plain and comprehensible
explain	v.	define
explain	v.	serve as a reason or cause or justification of
explainable	adj.	capable of being understood
explained	v.	make plain and comprehensible
explained	v.	define
explained	v.	serve as a reason or cause or justification of
explanation	n.	a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant structure or operation or circumstances etc.
explanation	n.	thought that makes something comprehensible
explanation	n.	the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible
explanatory	adj.	serving or intended to explain or make clear
expletive	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
expletive	n.	a word or phrase conveying no independent meaning but added to fill out a sentence or metrical line
explicable	adj.	capable of being explicated or accounted for
explicate	v.	make plain and comprehensible
explicate	v.	elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses
explication	n.	the act of making clear or removing obscurity from the meaning of a word or symbol or expression etc.
explication	n.	a detailed explanation of the meaning of something
explicit	adj.	precisely and clearly expressed or readily observable; leaving nothing to implication
explicit	adj.	in accordance with fact or the primary meaning of a term
explicitness	n.	clarity as a consequence of being explicit
explode	v.	cause to burst with a violent release of energy
explode	v.	burst outward, usually with noise
explode	v.	show a violent emotional reaction
explode	v.	be unleashed; emerge with violence or noise
explode	v.	destroy by exploding
explode	v.	cause to burst as a result of air pressure; of stop consonants like /p/, /t/, and /k/
explode	v.	drive from the stage by noisy disapproval
explode	v.	show (a theory or claim) to be baseless, or refute and make obsolete
explode	v.	burst and release energy as through a violent chemical or physical reaction
explode	v.	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner
exploit	n.	a notable achievement
exploit	v.	use or manipulate to one's advantage
exploit	v.	draw from; make good use of
exploit	v.	work excessively hard
exploitation	n.	the act of making some area of land or water more profitable or productive or useful
exploitation	n.	an act that exploits or victimizes someone (treats them unfairly)
exploitative	adj.	tending to exploit or make use of
exploited	v.	use or manipulate to one's advantage
exploited	v.	draw from; make good use of
exploited	v.	work excessively hard
exploited	adj.	developed or used to greatest advantage
exploited	adj.	of persons; taken advantage of
exploiter	n.	a person who uses something or someone selfishly or unethically
exploration	n.	to travel for the purpose of discovery
exploration	n.	a careful systematic search
exploration	n.	a systematic consideration
exploratory	adj.	serving in or intended for exploration or discovery
explore	v.	inquire into
explore	v.	travel to or penetrate into
explore	v.	examine minutely
explore	v.	examine (organs) for diagnostic purposes
explored	v.	inquire into
explored	v.	travel to or penetrate into
explored	v.	examine minutely
explored	v.	examine (organs) for diagnostic purposes
explorer	n.	someone who travels into little known regions (especially for some scientific purpose)
explorer	n.	a commercial browser
explosion	n.	a violent release of energy caused by a chemical or nuclear reaction
explosion	n.	the act of exploding or bursting
explosion	n.	a sudden great increase
explosion	n.	the noise caused by an explosion
explosion	n.	the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant
explosion	n.	a sudden outburst
explosion	n.	a golf shot from a bunker that typically moves sand as well as the golf ball
explosive	n.	a chemical substance that undergoes a rapid chemical change (with the production of gas) on being heated or struck
explosive	adj.	serving to explode or characterized by explosion or sudden outburst
explosive	adj.	liable to lead to sudden change or violence
explosive	adj.	sudden and loud
expo	n.	a collection of things (goods or works of art etc.) for public display
exponent	n.	a person who pleads for a cause or propounds an idea
exponent	n.	someone who expounds and interprets or explains
exponent	n.	a mathematical notation indicating the number of times a quantity is multiplied by itself
exponential	n.	a function in which an independent variable appears as an exponent
exponential	adj.	of or involving exponents
exponentiation	n.	the process of raising a quantity to some assigned power
export	n.	commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country
export	v.	sell or transfer abroad
export	v.	transfer (electronic data) out of a database or document in a format that can be used by other programs
export	v.	cause to spread in another part of the world
exportation	n.	commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country
exportation	n.	the commercial activity of selling and shipping goods to a foreign country
exporter	n.	a businessperson who transports goods abroad (for sale)
expose	n.	the exposure of an impostor or a fraud
expose	v.	expose or make accessible to some action or influence
expose	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
expose	v.	to show, make visible or apparent
expose	v.	remove all or part of one's clothes to show one's body
expose	v.	disclose to view as by removing a cover
expose	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
expose	v.	expose to light, of photographic film
expose	v.	expose while ridiculing; especially of pretentious or false claims and ideas
expose	v.	abandon by leaving out in the open air
exposed	v.	expose or make accessible to some action or influence
exposed	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
exposed	v.	to show, make visible or apparent
exposed	v.	remove all or part of one's clothes to show one's body
exposed	v.	disclose to view as by removing a cover
exposed	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
exposed	v.	expose to light, of photographic film
exposed	v.	expose while ridiculing; especially of pretentious or false claims and ideas
exposed	v.	abandon by leaving out in the open air
exposed	adj.	with no protection or shield
exposed	adj.	not covered with clothing
exposition	n.	a systematic interpretation or explanation (usually written) of a specific topic
exposition	n.	a collection of things (goods or works of art etc.) for public display
exposition	n.	an account that sets forth the meaning or intent of a writing or discourse
exposition	n.	(music) the section of a movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes first occur
expositor	n.	a person who explains
expository	adj.	serving to expound or set forth
expostulate	v.	reason with (somebody) for the purpose of dissuasion
expostulation	n.	the act of expressing earnest opposition or protest
expostulation	n.	an exclamation of protest or remonstrance or reproof
exposure	n.	vulnerability to the elements; to the action of heat or cold or wind or rain;  or
exposure	n.	the act of subjecting someone to an influencing experience
exposure	n.	the disclosure of something secret
exposure	n.	aspect resulting from the direction a building or window faces
exposure	n.	the state of being vulnerable or exposed
exposure	n.	the intensity of light falling on a photographic film or plate
exposure	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
exposure	n.	the act of exposing film to light
exposure	n.	presentation to view in an open or public manner
exposure	n.	abandoning without shelter or protection (as by leaving as infant out in the open)
expound	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
expound	v.	state
expounder	n.	a person who explains
express	n.	mail that is distributed by a rapid and efficient system
express	n.	public transport consisting of a fast train or bus that makes only a few scheduled stops
express	n.	rapid transport of goods
express	v.	give expression to
express	v.	articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise
express	v.	serve as a means for expressing something
express	v.	indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.
express	v.	manifest the effects of (a gene or genetic trait)
express	v.	obtain from a substance, as by mechanical action
express	v.	send by rapid transport or special messenger service
express	adj.	not tacit or implied
express	adj.	without unnecessary stops
express	adv.	by express
expressed	v.	give expression to
expressed	v.	articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise
expressed	v.	serve as a means for expressing something
expressed	v.	indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.
expressed	v.	manifest the effects of (a gene or genetic trait)
expressed	v.	obtain from a substance, as by mechanical action
expressed	v.	send by rapid transport or special messenger service
expressed	adj.	communicated in words
expressed	adj.	precisely and clearly expressed or readily observable; leaving nothing to implication
expressible	adj.	capable of being expressed
expression	n.	the feelings expressed on a person's face
expression	n.	expression without words
expression	n.	the communication (in speech or writing) of your beliefs or opinions
expression	n.	a word or phrase that particular people use in particular situations
expression	n.	the style of expressing yourself
expression	n.	a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement
expression	n.	(genetics) the process of expressing a gene
expression	n.	a group of words that form a constituent of a sentence and are considered as a single unit
expression	n.	the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing
expressionism	n.	an art movement early in the 20th century; the artist's subjective expression of inner experiences was emphasized; an inner feeling was expressed through a distorted rendition of reality
expressionist	n.	an artist who is an adherent of expressionism
expressionist	adj.	of or relating to expressionism
expressionistic	adj.	of or relating to expressionism
expressionless	adj.	deliberately impassive in manner
expressive	adj.	characterized by expression
expressiveness	n.	the quality of being expressive
expressway	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
expropriate	v.	deprive of possessions
expropriation	n.	taking out of an owner's hands (especially taking property by public authority)
expulsion	n.	the act of forcing out someone or something
expulsion	n.	squeezing out by applying pressure
expulsion	n.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting
expunge	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
expurgate	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
expurgated	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
expurgated	adj.	having material deleted
expurgation	n.	the deletion of objectionable parts from a literary work
exquisite	adj.	intense or sharp
exquisite	adj.	lavishly elegant and refined
exquisite	adj.	delicately beautiful
exquisite	adj.	of extreme beauty
exquisiteness	n.	extreme beauty of a delicate sort
extant	adj.	still in existence; not extinct or destroyed or lost; ; - Edward Clodd
extemporaneous	adj.	with little or no preparation or forethought
extempore	adj.	with little or no preparation or forethought
extempore	adv.	without prior preparation
extemporization	n.	a performance given extempore without planning or preparation
extemporize	v.	manage in a makeshift way; do with whatever is at hand
extemporize	v.	perform without preparation
extend	v.	extend in scope or range or area
extend	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
extend	v.	span an interval of distance, space or time
extend	v.	make available; provide
extend	v.	thrust or extend out
extend	v.	reach outward in space
extend	v.	offer verbally
extend	v.	extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body
extend	v.	expand the influence of
extend	v.	lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer
extend	v.	extend or stretch out to a greater or the full length
extend	v.	cause to move at full gallop
extend	v.	open or straighten out; unbend
extend	v.	use to the utmost; exert vigorously or to full capacity
extend	v.	prolong the time allowed for payment of
extend	v.	continue or extend
extend	v.	increase in quantity or bulk by adding a cheaper substance
extensible	adj.	capable of being protruded or stretched or opened out
extension	n.	a mutually agreed delay in the date set for the completion of a job or payment of a debt
extension	n.	act of expanding in scope; making more widely available
extension	n.	the spreading of something (a belief or practice) into new regions
extension	n.	an educational opportunity provided by colleges and universities to people who are not enrolled as regular students
extension	n.	act of stretching or straightening out a flexed limb
extension	n.	a string of characters beginning with a period and followed by one or more letters; the optional second part of a PC computer filename
extension	n.	the most direct or specific meaning of a word or expression; the class of objects that an expression refers to
extension	n.	the ability to raise the working leg high in the air
extension	n.	amount or degree or range to which something extends
extension	n.	an additional telephone set that is connected to the same telephone line
extension	n.	an addition to the length of something
extension	n.	an addition that extends a main building
extensional	adj.	defining a word by listing the class of entities to which the word correctly applies
extensive	adj.	large in spatial extent or range or scope or quantity
extensive	adj.	broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner
extensive	adj.	of agriculture; increasing productivity by using large areas with minimal outlay and labor
extensiveness	n.	large or extensive in breadth or importance or comprehensiveness
extent	n.	the point or degree to which something extends
extent	n.	the distance or area or volume over which something extends
extenuate	v.	lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of
extenuation	n.	a partial excuse to mitigate censure; an attempt to represent an offense as less serious than it appears by showing mitigating circumstances
extenuation	n.	to act in such a way as to cause an offense to seem less serious
exterior	n.	the region that is outside of something
exterior	n.	the outer side or surface of something
exterior	adj.	situated in or suitable for the outdoors or outside of a building
exterminate	v.	kill en masse; kill on a large scale; kill many
exterminate	v.	destroy completely, as if down to the roots
extermination	n.	complete annihilation
extermination	n.	the act of exterminating
exterminator	n.	someone who exterminates (especially someone whose occupation is the extermination of troublesome rodents and insects)
external	n.	outward features
external	adj.	happening or arising or located outside or beyond some limits or especially surface
external	adj.	coming from the outside
external	adj.	from or between other countries
external	adj.	purely outward or superficial; ; - A.R.Gurney,Jr.
externalization	n.	attributing to outside causes
externalization	n.	embodying in an outward form
externalize	v.	regard as objective
externalize	v.	make external or objective, or give reality to
extinct	adj.	no longer in existence; lost or especially having died out leaving no living representatives
extinct	adj.	(of e.g. volcanos) permanently inactive
extinct	adj.	being out or having grown cold
extinction	n.	no longer active; extinguished
extinction	n.	no longer in existence
extinction	n.	the reduction of the intensity of radiation as a consequence of absorption and radiation
extinction	n.	complete annihilation
extinction	n.	a conditioning process in which the reinforcer is removed and a conditioned response becomes independent of the conditioned stimulus
extinction	n.	the act of extinguishing; causing to stop burning
extinguish	v.	put an end to; kill
extinguish	v.	put out, as of fires, flames, or lights
extinguish	v.	extinguish by crushing
extinguish	v.	terminate, end, or take out
extinguish	v.	kill in large numbers
extinguishable	adj.	capable of being extinguished or killed
extinguisher	n.	a manually operated device for extinguishing small fires
extirpate	v.	destroy completely, as if down to the roots
extirpate	v.	pull up by or as if by the roots
extirpate	v.	surgically remove (an organ)
extirpation	n.	surgical removal of a body part or tissue
extirpation	n.	the act of pulling up or out; uprooting; cutting off from existence
extol	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
extolled	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
extolling	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
extort	v.	obtain through intimidation
extort	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
extort	v.	get or cause to become in a difficult or laborious manner
extortion	n.	an exorbitant charge
extortion	n.	unjust exaction (as by the misuse of authority)
extortion	n.	the felonious act of extorting money (as by threats of violence)
extortionate	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
extortioner	n.	a criminal who extorts money from someone by threatening to expose embarrassing information about them
extortionist	n.	a criminal who extorts money from someone by threatening to expose embarrassing information about them
extra	n.	a minor actor in crowd scenes
extra	n.	an additional edition of a newspaper (usually to report a crisis)
extra	n.	something additional of the same kind
extra	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
extra	adj.	added to a regular schedule
extra	adj.	further or added
extra	adv.	unusually or exceptionally
extracellular	adj.	located or occurring outside a cell or cells
extract	n.	a solution obtained by steeping or soaking a substance (usually in water)
extract	n.	a passage selected from a larger work
extract	v.	remove, usually with some force or effort; also used in an abstract sense
extract	v.	get despite difficulties or obstacles
extract	v.	deduce (a principle) or construe (a meaning)
extract	v.	extract by the process of distillation
extract	v.	separate (a metal) from an ore
extract	v.	obtain from a substance, as by mechanical action
extract	v.	take out of a literary work in order to cite or copy
extract	v.	calculate the root of a number
extraction	n.	the process of obtaining something from a mixture or compound by chemical or physical or mechanical means
extraction	n.	properties attributable to your ancestry
extraction	n.	the action of taking out something (especially using effort or force)
extractor	n.	an instrument for extracting tight-fitting components
extractor	n.	an apparatus that uses centrifugal force to separate particles from a suspension
extractor	n.	a mechanism in a firearm that pulls an empty shell case out of the chamber and passes it to the ejector
extracurricular	adj.	outside the regular academic curriculum
extracurricular	adj.	outside the regular duties of your job or profession
extracurricular	adj.	characterized by adultery
extradite	v.	hand over to the authorities of another country
extradition	n.	the surrender of an accused or convicted person by one state or country to another (usually under the provisions of a statute or treaty)
extrajudicial	adj.	beyond the usual course of legal proceedings; legally unwarranted
extralegal	adj.	not regulated or sanctioned by law
extramarital	adj.	characterized by adultery
extramural	adj.	carried on outside the bounds of an institution or community
extraneous	adj.	not pertinent to the matter under consideration
extraneous	adj.	not essential
extraneous	adj.	not belonging to that in which it is contained; introduced from an outside source
extraneous	adj.	coming from the outside
extraordinaire	adj.	extraordinary in a particular capacity
extraordinarily	adv.	extremely
extraordinary	adj.	beyond what is ordinary or usual; highly unusual or exceptional or remarkable
extraordinary	adj.	far more than usual or expected
extraordinary	adj.	(of an official) serving an unusual or special function in addition to those of the regular officials
extrapolate	v.	draw from specific cases for more general cases
extrapolate	v.	estimate the value of
extrapolate	v.	gain knowledge of (an area not known or experienced) by extrapolating
extrapolation	n.	(mathematics) calculation of the value of a function outside the range of known values
extrapolation	n.	an inference about the future (or about some hypothetical situation) based on known facts and observations
extrasensory	adj.	seemingly outside normal sensory channels
extraterrestrial	n.	a form of life assumed to exist outside the Earth or its atmosphere
extraterrestrial	adj.	originating or located or occurring outside Earth or its atmosphere
extraterritorial	adj.	outside territorial limits or jurisdiction
extravagance	n.	the quality of exceeding the appropriate limits of decorum or probability or truth
extravagance	n.	the trait of spending extravagantly
extravagance	n.	excessive spending
extravagant	adj.	unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings
extravagant	adj.	recklessly wasteful
extravaganza	n.	any lavishly staged or spectacular entertainment
extreme	n.	the furthest or highest degree of something
extreme	n.	the point located farthest from the middle of something
extreme	adj.	of the greatest possible degree or extent or intensity
extreme	adj.	far beyond a norm in quantity or amount or degree; to an utmost degree
extreme	adj.	beyond a norm in views or actions
extreme	adj.	most distant in any direction
extremeness	n.	the quality of being extreme
extremism	n.	any political theory favoring immoderate uncompromising policies
extremist	n.	a person who holds extreme views
extremist	adj.	(used of opinions and actions) far beyond the norm
extremity	n.	an external body part that projects from the body
extremity	n.	an extreme condition or state (especially of adversity or disease)
extremity	n.	the greatest or utmost degree
extremity	n.	the outermost or farthest region or point
extremity	n.	that part of a limb that is farthest from the torso
extricable	adj.	capable of being extricated
extricate	v.	release from entanglement of difficulty
extrication	n.	the act of releasing from a snarled or tangled condition
extrinsic	adj.	not forming an essential part of a thing or arising or originating from the outside
extroversion	n.	(psychology) an extroverted disposition; concern with what is outside the self
extrovert	n.	(psychology) a person concerned more with practical realities than with inner thoughts and feelings
extrovert	adj.	being concerned with the social and physical environment
extrude	v.	form or shape by forcing through an opening
extrusion	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
extrusion	n.	squeezing out by applying pressure
extrusive	adj.	of rock material; forced out while molten through cracks in the earth's surface
exuberance	n.	joyful enthusiasm
exuberance	n.	overflowing with eager enjoyment or approval
exuberant	adj.	joyously unrestrained
exuberant	adj.	unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings
exuberant	adj.	produced or growing in extreme abundance
exudation	n.	a substance that oozes out from plant pores
exudation	n.	the process of exuding; the slow escape of liquids from blood vessels through pores or breaks in the cell membranes
exude	v.	release (a liquid) in drops or small quantities
exude	v.	make apparent by one's mood or behavior
exult	v.	feel extreme happiness or elation
exult	v.	to express great joy
exultant	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
exultation	n.	a feeling of extreme joy
exultation	n.	the utterance of sounds expressing great joy
exurbia	n.	a residential area outside of a city and beyond suburbia
eyck	n.	Flemish painter who was a founder of the Flemish school of painting and who pioneered modern techniques of oil painting (1390-1441)
eye	n.	the organ of sight
eye	n.	good discernment (either visually or as if visually)
eye	n.	attention to what is seen
eye	n.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region
eye	n.	a small hole or loop (as in a needle)
eye	v.	look at
eyeball	n.	the ball-shaped capsule containing the vertebrate eye
eyeball	v.	look at
eyebrow	n.	the arch of hair above each eye
eyeful	n.	a strikingly beautiful woman
eyeful	n.	a full view; a good look
eyeglass	n.	lens for correcting defective vision in one eye; held in place by facial muscles
eyeing	v.	look at
eyelash	n.	any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids
eyeless	adj.	lacking eyes or eyelike features
eyeless	adj.	lacking sight
eyelet	n.	a small hole (usually round and finished around the edges) in cloth or leather for the passage of a cord or hook or bar
eyelet	n.	fastener consisting of a metal ring for lining a small hole to permit the attachment of cords or lines
eyelid	n.	either of two folds of skin that can be moved to cover or open the eye
eyeliner	n.	makeup applied to emphasize the shape of the eyes
eyepiece	n.	combination of lenses at the viewing end of optical instruments
eyesight	n.	normal use of the faculty of vision
eyesore	n.	something very ugly and offensive
eyestrain	n.	a tiredness of the eyes caused by prolonged close work by a person with an uncorrected vision problem
eyeteeth	n.	one of the four pointed conical teeth (two in each jaw) located between the incisors and the premolars
eyetooth	n.	one of the four pointed conical teeth (two in each jaw) located between the incisors and the premolars
eyewash	n.	lotion consisting of a solution used as a cleanser for the eyes
eyewitness	n.	a spectator who can describe what happened
eyewitness	v.	be present at an event and see it with one's own eyes
eyre	n.	a shallow salt lake in south central Australia about 35 feet below sea level; the largest lake in the country and the lowest point on the continent
eysenck	n.	a British psychologist (born in Germany) noted for his theories of intelligence and personality and for his strong criticism of Freudian psychoanalysis
ezekiel	n.	a Hebrew prophet of the 6th century BC who was exiled to Babylon in 587 BC
ezekiel	n.	an Old Testament book containing Ezekiel's prophecies of the downfall of Jerusalem and Judah and their subsequent restoration
ezra	n.	a Jewish priest and scribe sent by the Persian king to restore Jewish law and worship in Jerusalem
ezra	n.	an Old Testament book telling of a rabbi's efforts in the 5th century BC to reconstitute Jewish law and worship in Jerusalem after the Babylonian Captivity
f	n.	a degree on the Fahrenheit scale of temperature
f	n.	a nonmetallic univalent element belonging to the halogens; usually a yellow irritating toxic flammable gas; a powerful oxidizing agent; recovered from fluorite or cryolite or fluorapatite
f	n.	the capacitance of a capacitor that has an equal and opposite charge of 1 coulomb on each plate and a voltage difference of 1 volt between the plates
f	n.	the 6th letter of the Roman alphabet
fa	n.	the syllable naming the fourth (subdominant) note of the diatonic scale in solmization
faa	n.	an agency in the Department of Transportation that is responsible for the safety of civilian aviation
fab	adj.	extremely pleasing
faberge	n.	Russian goldsmith noted for creating a series of jeweled and enameled Easter eggs for European royalty (1846-1920)
fabian	n.	a member of the Fabian Society in Britain
fabian	adj.	of or relating to Fabianism
fabian	adj.	using cautious slow strategy to wear down opposition; avoiding direct confrontation
fable	n.	a deliberately false or improbable account
fable	n.	a short moral story (often with animal characters)
fable	n.	a story about mythical or supernatural beings or events
fabric	n.	artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers
fabric	n.	the underlying structure
fabricate	v.	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts; ; ; He manufactured a popular cereal"
fabricate	v.	make up something artificial or untrue
fabrication	n.	a deliberately false or improbable account
fabrication	n.	writing in a fictional form
fabrication	n.	the act of making something (a product) from raw materials
fabrication	n.	the act of constructing something (as a piece of machinery)
fabrication	n.	the deliberate act of deviating from the truth
fabricator	n.	someone who tells lies
fabulous	adj.	extremely pleasing
fabulous	adj.	based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity
fabulous	adj.	barely credible
facade	n.	the face or front of a building
facade	n.	a showy misrepresentation intended to conceal something unpleasant
face	n.	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear
face	n.	the feelings expressed on a person's face
face	n.	the general outward appearance of something
face	n.	the striking or working surface of an implement
face	n.	a part of a person that is used to refer to a person
face	n.	a surface forming part of the outside of an object
face	n.	the part of an animal corresponding to the human face
face	n.	the side upon which the use of a thing depends (usually the most prominent surface of an object)
face	n.	a contorted facial expression
face	n.	a specific size and style of type within a type family
face	n.	status in the eyes of others
face	n.	impudent aggressiveness
face	n.	a vertical surface of a building or cliff
face	v.	deal with (something unpleasant) head on
face	v.	oppose, as in hostility or a competition
face	v.	be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to
face	v.	be opposite
face	v.	turn so as to face; turn the face in a certain direction
face	v.	present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize
face	v.	turn so as to expose the face
face	v.	line the edge (of a garment) with a different material
face	v.	cover the front or surface of
faceless	adj.	without a face or identity
facet	n.	a distinct feature or element in a problem
facet	n.	a smooth surface (as of a bone or cut gemstone)
facetious	adj.	cleverly amusing in tone
facetiousness	n.	playful humor
facial	n.	cranial nerve that supplies facial muscles
facial	n.	care for the face that usually involves cleansing and massage and the application of cosmetic creams
facial	adj.	of or concerning the face
facial	adj.	of or pertaining to the outside surface of an object
facile	adj.	arrived at without due care or effort; lacking depth
facile	adj.	performing adroitly and without effort
facile	adj.	expressing yourself readily, clearly, effectively
facilitate	v.	make easier
facilitate	v.	be of use
facilitate	v.	increase the likelihood of (a response)
facilitation	n.	the condition of being made easy (or easier)
facilitation	n.	(neurophysiology) phenomenon that occurs when two or more neural impulses that alone are not enough to trigger a response in a neuron combine to trigger an action potential
facilitation	n.	act of assisting or making easier the progress or improvement of something
facilitator	n.	someone who makes progress easier
facility	n.	a building or place that provides a particular service or is used for a particular industry
facility	n.	skillful performance or ability without difficulty
facility	n.	a natural effortlessness; ; --Jane Austen
facility	n.	something designed and created to serve a particular function and to afford a particular convenience or service
facility	n.	a service that an organization or a piece of equipment offers you
facing	n.	a lining applied to the edge of a garment for ornamentation or strengthening
facing	n.	an ornamental coating to a building
facing	n.	a protective covering that protects the outside of a building
facing	n.	providing something with a surface of a different material
facing	v.	deal with (something unpleasant) head on
facing	v.	oppose, as in hostility or a competition
facing	v.	be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to
facing	v.	be opposite
facing	v.	turn so as to face; turn the face in a certain direction
facing	v.	present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize
facing	v.	turn so as to expose the face
facing	v.	line the edge (of a garment) with a different material
facing	v.	cover the front or surface of
facsimile	n.	an exact copy or reproduction
facsimile	n.	duplicator that transmits the copy by wire or radio
facsimile	v.	send something via a facsimile machine
facsimileing	v.	send something via a facsimile machine
fact	n.	a piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that have occurred
fact	n.	a statement or assertion of verified information about something that is the case or has happened
fact	n.	an event known to have happened or something known to have existed
fact	n.	a concept whose truth can be proved
faction	n.	a clique (often secret) that seeks power usually through intrigue
faction	n.	a dissenting clique
factious	adj.	dissenting (especially dissenting with the majority opinion)
factitious	adj.	not produced by natural forces
factoid	n.	something resembling a fact; unverified (often invented) information that is given credibility because it appeared in print
factoid	n.	a brief (usually one sentence and usually trivial) news item
factor	n.	anything that contributes causally to a result
factor	n.	an abstract part of something
factor	n.	one of two or more integers that can be exactly divided into another integer
factor	n.	a businessman who buys or sells for another in exchange for a commission
factor	n.	any of the numbers (or symbols) that form a product when multiplied together
factor	n.	an independent variable in statistics
factor	n.	(genetics) a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a polypeptide chain; it can include regions preceding and following the coding DNA as well as introns between the exons; it is considered a unit of heredity
factor	v.	resolve into factors
factor	v.	be a contributing factor
factor	v.	consider as relevant when making a decision
factorial	n.	the product of all the integers up to and including a given integer
factorial	adj.	of or relating to factorials
factorization	n.	(mathematics) the resolution of an entity into factors such that when multiplied together they give the original entity
factorize	v.	resolve (a polynomial) into factors
factory	n.	a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing
factotum	n.	a servant employed to do a variety of jobs
factual	adj.	existing in act or fact
factual	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by facts
faculty	n.	one of the inherent cognitive or perceptual powers of the mind
faculty	n.	the body of teachers and administrators at a school
fad	n.	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
faddish	adj.	intensely fashionable for a short time
faddist	n.	a person who subscribes to a variety of fads
faddy	adj.	intensely fashionable for a short time
fade	n.	a golf shot that curves to the right for a right-handed golfer
fade	n.	gradually ceasing to be visible
fade	v.	become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly
fade	v.	lose freshness, vigor, or vitality
fade	v.	disappear gradually
fade	v.	become feeble
fading	n.	weakening in force or intensity
fading	v.	become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly
fading	v.	lose freshness, vigor, or vitality
fading	v.	disappear gradually
fading	v.	become feeble
faerie	n.	a small being, human in form, playful and having magical powers
faerie	n.	the enchanted realm of fairies
fafnir	n.	(Norse mythology) the Norse dragon that guarded a treasure and was slain by Sigurd
fag	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
fag	n.	finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking
fag	v.	act as a servant for older boys, in British public schools
fag	v.	work hard
fag	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
fagged	v.	act as a servant for older boys, in British public schools
fagged	v.	work hard
fagged	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
fagged	adj.	drained of energy or effectiveness; extremely tired; completely exhausted
fagging	v.	act as a servant for older boys, in British public schools
fagging	v.	work hard
fagging	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
faggot	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
faggot	n.	a bundle of sticks and branches bound together
faggot	v.	ornament or join (fabric) by faggot stitch
faggot	v.	fasten together rods of iron in order to heat or weld them
faggot	v.	bind or tie up in or as if in a faggot
fagin	n.	a villainous Jew in a novel by Charles Dickens
fagot	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
fagot	n.	a bundle of sticks and branches bound together
fagot	v.	ornament or join (fabric) by faggot stitch
fagot	v.	fasten together rods of iron in order to heat or weld them
fagot	v.	bind or tie up in or as if in a faggot
fahd	n.	king of Saudi Arabia from 1982 to 2005 (1923-2005)
fahrenheit	n.	German physicist who invented the mercury thermometer and developed the scale of temperature that bears his name (1686-1736)
fahrenheit	adj.	of or relating to a temperature scale proposed by the inventor of the mercury thermometer
faience	n.	glazed earthenware decorated with opaque colors
fail	v.	fail to do something; leave something undone
fail	v.	be unsuccessful
fail	v.	disappoint, prove undependable to; abandon, forsake
fail	v.	stop operating or functioning
fail	v.	be unable
fail	v.	judge unacceptable
fail	v.	fail to get a passing grade
fail	v.	fall short in what is expected
fail	v.	become bankrupt or insolvent; fail financially and close
fail	v.	prove insufficient
fail	v.	get worse
failing	n.	a flaw or weak point
failing	n.	failure to reach a minimum required performance
failing	v.	fail to do something; leave something undone
failing	v.	be unsuccessful
failing	v.	disappoint, prove undependable to; abandon, forsake
failing	v.	stop operating or functioning
failing	v.	be unable
failing	v.	judge unacceptable
failing	v.	fail to get a passing grade
failing	v.	fall short in what is expected
failing	v.	become bankrupt or insolvent; fail financially and close
failing	v.	prove insufficient
failing	v.	get worse
failing	adj.	below acceptable in performance
faille	n.	a ribbed woven fabric of silk or rayon or cotton
failure	n.	an act that fails
failure	n.	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose
failure	n.	lack of success
failure	n.	a person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently
failure	n.	an unexpected omission
failure	n.	inability to discharge all your debts as they come due
failure	n.	loss of ability to function normally
fain	adj.	having made preparations
fain	adv.	in a willing manner
faint	n.	a spontaneous loss of consciousness caused by insufficient blood to the brain
faint	v.	pass out from weakness, physical or emotional distress due to a loss of blood supply to the brain
faint	adj.	deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible; lacking clarity or brightness or loudness etc
faint	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
faint	adj.	lacking strength or vigor
faint	adj.	weak and likely to lose consciousness
faint	adj.	indistinctly understood or felt or perceived
faint	adj.	lacking conviction or boldness or courage
fainthearted	adj.	lacking conviction or boldness or courage
faintness	n.	a feeling of faintness and of being ready to swoon
faintness	n.	the property of being without strength
faintness	n.	barely audible
faintness	n.	the trait of lacking boldness and courage
faintness	n.	the quality of being dim or lacking contrast
fair	n.	a traveling show; having sideshows and rides and games of skill etc.
fair	n.	gathering of producers to promote business
fair	n.	a competitive exhibition of farm products
fair	n.	a sale of miscellany; often for charity
fair	v.	join so that the external surfaces blend smoothly
fair	adj.	free from favoritism or self-interest or bias or deception; conforming with established standards or rules
fair	adj.	not excessive or extreme
fair	adj.	very pleasing to the eye
fair	adj.	(of a baseball) hit between the foul lines
fair	adj.	lacking exceptional quality or ability
fair	adj.	attractively feminine
fair	adj.	(of a manuscript) having few alterations or corrections
fair	adj.	gained or earned without cheating or stealing
fair	adj.	free of clouds or rain
fair	adj.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored
fair	adv.	in conformity with the rules or laws and without fraud or cheating
fair	adv.	without favoring one party, in a fair evenhanded manner
fairbanks	n.	United States film actor; son of Douglas Elton Fairbanks, (1909-2000)
fairbanks	n.	United States film actor noted for his swashbuckling roles (1883-1939)
fairground	n.	an open area for holding fairs or exhibitions or circuses
fairing	v.	join so that the external surfaces blend smoothly
fairness	n.	conformity with rules or standards
fairness	n.	ability to make judgments free from discrimination or dishonesty
fairness	n.	the property of having a naturally light complexion
fairness	n.	the quality of being good looking and attractive
fairway	n.	the area between the tee and putting green where the grass is cut short
fairway	n.	the usual course taken by vessels through a harbor or coastal waters
fairway	n.	a tract of ground free of obstacles to movement
fairy	n.	a small being, human in form, playful and having magical powers
fairy	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
fairyland	n.	something existing solely in the imagination (but often mistaken for reality)
fairyland	n.	the enchanted realm of fairies
faisal	n.	king of Saudi Arabia from 1964 to 1975 (1906-1975)
faisalabad	n.	city in northeast Pakistan
faith	n.	a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny
faith	n.	complete confidence in a person or plan etc
faith	n.	an institution to express belief in a divine power
faith	n.	loyalty or allegiance to a cause or a person
faithful	n.	any loyal and steadfast following
faithful	n.	a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church
faithful	adj.	steadfast in affection or allegiance
faithful	adj.	marked by fidelity to an original
faithful	adj.	not having sexual relations with anyone except your husband or wife, or your boyfriend or girlfriend
faithfulness	n.	the quality of being faithful
faithfuls	n.	any loyal and steadfast following
faithfuls	n.	a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church
faithless	adj.	having the character of, or characteristic of, a traitor
faithlessness	n.	unfaithfulness by virtue of being unreliable or treacherous
faiths	n.	a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny
faiths	n.	complete confidence in a person or plan etc
faiths	n.	an institution to express belief in a divine power
faiths	n.	loyalty or allegiance to a cause or a person
fake	n.	something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be
fake	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
fake	n.	(football) a deceptive move made by a football player
fake	v.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive
fake	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
fake	v.	speak insincerely or without regard for facts or truths
fake	adj.	fraudulent; having a misleading appearance
fake	adj.	not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article
faker	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
fakir	n.	a Muslim or Hindu mendicant monk who is regarded as a holy man
falcon	n.	diurnal birds of prey having long pointed powerful wings adapted for swift flight
falcon	v.	hunt with falcons
falconer	n.	a person who breeds and trains hawks and who follows the sport of falconry
falconry	n.	the art of training falcons to hunt and return
fall	n.	the season when the leaves fall from the trees
fall	n.	a sudden drop from an upright position
fall	n.	the lapse of mankind into sinfulness because of the sin of Adam and Eve
fall	n.	a downward slope or bend
fall	n.	a lapse into sin; a loss of innocence or of chastity
fall	n.	a sudden decline in strength or number or importance
fall	n.	a movement downward
fall	n.	the act of surrendering (usually under agreed conditions)
fall	n.	the time of day immediately following sunset
fall	n.	when a wrestler's shoulders are forced to the mat
fall	n.	a free and rapid descent by the force of gravity
fall	n.	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
fall	v.	descend in free fall under the influence of gravity
fall	v.	move downward and lower, but not necessarily all the way
fall	v.	pass suddenly and passively into a state of body or mind
fall	v.	come under, be classified or included
fall	v.	fall from clouds
fall	v.	suffer defeat, failure, or ruin
fall	v.	die, as in battle or in a hunt
fall	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
fall	v.	be captured
fall	v.	occur at a specified time or place
fall	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
fall	v.	yield to temptation or sin
fall	v.	lose office or power
fall	v.	to be given by assignment or distribution
fall	v.	move in a specified direction
fall	v.	be due
fall	v.	lose one's chastity
fall	v.	to be given by right or inheritance
fall	v.	come into the possession of
fall	v.	fall to somebody by assignment or lot
fall	v.	be inherited by
fall	v.	slope downward
fall	v.	lose an upright position suddenly
fall	v.	drop oneself to a lower or less erect position
fall	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
fall	v.	assume a disappointed or sad expression
fall	v.	be cast down
fall	v.	come out; issue
fall	v.	be born, used chiefly of lambs
fall	v.	begin vigorously
fall	v.	go as if by falling
fall	v.	come as if by falling
fallacious	adj.	containing or based on a fallacy
fallacious	adj.	intended to deceive; ; ;  - S.T.Coleridge
fallacious	adj.	based on an incorrect or misleading notion or information
fallacy	n.	a misconception resulting from incorrect reasoning
fallback	n.	to break off a military action with an enemy
fallibility	n.	the likelihood of making errors
fallible	adj.	likely to fail or make errors
fallible	adj.	wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of man as opposed to e.g. divine beings
falloff	n.	a noticeable deterioration in performance or quality
fallout	n.	the radioactive particles that settle to the ground after a nuclear explosion
fallout	n.	any adverse and unwanted secondary effect
fallow	n.	cultivated land that is not seeded for one or more growing seasons
fallow	adj.	left unplowed and unseeded during a growing season
fallow	adj.	undeveloped but potentially useful
false	adj.	not in accordance with the fact or reality or actuality
false	adj.	arising from error
false	adj.	erroneous and usually accidental
false	adj.	deliberately deceptive
false	adj.	inappropriate to reality or facts
false	adj.	not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article
false	adj.	designed to deceive
false	adj.	inaccurate in pitch
false	adj.	adopted in order to deceive
false	adj.	(used especially of persons) not dependable in devotion or affection; unfaithful
false	adv.	in a disloyal and faithless manner
falsehood	n.	a false statement
falsehood	n.	the act of rendering something false as by fraudulent changes (of documents or measures etc.) or counterfeiting
falseness	n.	the state of being false or untrue
falseness	n.	unfaithfulness by virtue of being unreliable or treacherous
falseness	n.	the quality of not being open or truthful; deceitful or hypocritical
falsetto	n.	a male singing voice with artificially high tones in an upper register
falsetto	adj.	artificially high; above the normal voice range
falsie	n.	padding that is worn inside a brassiere
falsifiable	adj.	capable of being tested (verified or falsified) by experiment or observation
falsification	n.	any evidence that helps to establish the falsity of something
falsification	n.	a willful perversion of facts
falsification	n.	the act of rendering something false as by fraudulent changes (of documents or measures etc.) or counterfeiting
falsification	n.	the act of determining that something is false
falsifier	n.	someone who falsifies
falsify	v.	make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story
falsify	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
falsify	v.	prove false
falsify	v.	falsify knowingly
falsify	v.	insert words into texts, often falsifying it thereby
falsity	n.	the state of being false or untrue
falsity	n.	a false statement
falstaff	n.	a dissolute character in Shakespeare's plays
falter	n.	the act of pausing uncertainly
falter	v.	be unsure or weak
falter	v.	move hesitatingly, as if about to give way
falter	v.	walk unsteadily
falter	v.	speak haltingly
faltering	n.	the act of pausing uncertainly
faltering	v.	be unsure or weak
faltering	v.	move hesitatingly, as if about to give way
faltering	v.	walk unsteadily
faltering	v.	speak haltingly
faltering	adj.	unsteady in speech or action
fame	n.	the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed
fame	n.	favorable public reputation
familial	adj.	relating to or having the characteristics of a family
familial	adj.	occurring among members of a family usually by heredity
familiar	n.	a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) who renders service in return for support
familiar	n.	a friend who is frequently in the company of another
familiar	n.	a spirit (usually in animal form) that acts as an assistant to a witch or wizard
familiar	adj.	well known or easily recognized
familiar	adj.	within normal everyday experience; common and ordinary; not strange
familiar	adj.	(usually followed by `with') well informed about or knowing thoroughly
familiar	adj.	having mutual interests or affections; of established friendship
familiarity	n.	personal knowledge or information about someone or something
familiarity	n.	usualness by virtue of being familiar or well known
familiarity	n.	close or warm friendship
familiarity	n.	a casual manner
familiarity	n.	an act of undue intimacy
familiarization	n.	the experience of becoming familiar with something
familiarize	v.	make familiar or conversant with
family	n.	a social unit living together
family	n.	primary social group; parents and children
family	n.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute
family	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
family	n.	a person having kinship with another or others
family	n.	(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera
family	n.	a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge of organized criminal activities
family	n.	an association of people who share common beliefs or activities
famine	n.	an acute insufficiency
famine	n.	a severe shortage of food (as through crop failure) resulting in violent hunger and starvation and death
famish	v.	be hungry; go without food
famish	v.	deprive of food
famish	v.	die of food deprivation
famous	adj.	widely known and esteemed
fan	n.	a device for creating a current of air by movement of a surface or surfaces
fan	n.	an enthusiastic devotee of sports
fan	n.	an ardent follower and admirer
fan	v.	strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher)
fan	v.	make (an emotion) fiercer
fan	v.	agitate the air
fan	v.	separate the chaff from by using air currents
fanatic	n.	a person motivated by irrational enthusiasm (as for a cause); --Winston Churchill
fanatic	adj.	marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea
fanatical	adj.	marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea
fanaticism	n.	excessive intolerance of opposing views
fancier	n.	a person having a strong liking for something
fancier	adj.	not plain; decorative or ornamented
fanciful	adj.	indulging in or influenced by fancy
fanciful	adj.	not based on fact; unreal; - F.D.Roosevelt
fanciful	adj.	having a curiously intricate quality
fancy	n.	something many people believe that is false
fancy	n.	a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superficial than true imagination
fancy	n.	a predisposition to like something
fancy	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
fancy	v.	have a fancy or particular liking or desire for
fancy	adj.	not plain; decorative or ornamented
fancywork	n.	decorative needlework
fandango	n.	a provocative Spanish courtship dance in triple time; performed by a man and a woman playing castanets
fandom	n.	the fans of a sport or famous person
fanfare	n.	a gaudy outward display
fanfare	n.	(music) a short lively tune played on brass instruments
fang	n.	a Bantu language spoken in Cameroon
fang	n.	an appendage of insects that is capable of injecting venom; usually evolved from the legs
fang	n.	canine tooth of a carnivorous animal; used to seize and tear its prey
fang	n.	hollow or grooved tooth of a venomous snake; used to inject its poison
fanlight	n.	a window above a door that is usually hinged to a horizontal crosspiece over the door
fanlight	n.	a window in a roof to admit daylight
fanlight	n.	a semicircular window over a door or window; usually has sash bars like the ribs of a fan
fanned	v.	strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher)
fanned	v.	make (an emotion) fiercer
fanned	v.	agitate the air
fanned	v.	separate the chaff from by using air currents
fanned	adj.	especially spread in a fan shape
fanning	v.	strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher)
fanning	v.	make (an emotion) fiercer
fanning	v.	agitate the air
fanning	v.	separate the chaff from by using air currents
fanny	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
fanny	n.	external female sex organs
fantail	n.	an overhang consisting of the fan-shaped part of the deck extending aft of the sternpost of a ship
fantasia	n.	a musical composition of a free form usually incorporating several familiar themes
fantasist	n.	a creator of fantasies
fantasize	v.	indulge in fantasies
fantasize	v.	portray in the mind
fantastic	adj.	ludicrously odd
fantastic	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
fantastic	adj.	fanciful and unrealistic; foolish
fantastic	adj.	existing in fancy only; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
fantastic	adj.	extravagantly fanciful in design, construction, appearance
fantastical	adj.	existing in fancy only; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
fantastical	adj.	ludicrously odd
fantasy	n.	imagination unrestricted by reality
fantasy	n.	fiction with a large amount of imagination in it
fantasy	n.	something many people believe that is false
fantasy	v.	indulge in fantasies
faq	n.	a list of questions that are frequently asked (about a given topic) along with their answers
far	n.	a terrorist organization that seeks to overthrow the government dominated by Tutsi and to institute Hutu control again
far	adj.	located at a great distance in time or space or degree
far	adj.	being of a considerable distance or length
far	adj.	being the animal or vehicle on the right or being on the right side of an animal or vehicle
far	adj.	beyond a norm in opinion or actions
far	adv.	to a considerable degree; very much
far	adv.	at or to or from a great distance in space
far	adv.	at or to a certain point or degree
far	adv.	remote in time
far	adv.	to an advanced stage or point
farad	n.	the capacitance of a capacitor that has an equal and opposite charge of 1 coulomb on each plate and a voltage difference of 1 volt between the plates
faraday	n.	the English physicist and chemist who discovered electromagnetic induction (1791-1867)
faraway	adj.	very far away in space or time
faraway	adj.	far removed mentally
farce	n.	a comedy characterized by broad satire and improbable situations
farce	n.	mixture of ground raw chicken and mushrooms with pistachios and truffles and onions and parsley and lots of butter and bound with eggs
farce	v.	fill with a stuffing while cooking
farcical	adj.	broadly or extravagantly humorous; resembling farce
fare	n.	an agenda of things to do
fare	n.	the sum charged for riding in a public conveyance
fare	n.	a paying (taxi) passenger
fare	n.	the food and drink that are regularly served or consumed
fare	v.	proceed or get along
fare	v.	eat well
farewell	n.	an acknowledgment or expression of goodwill at parting
farewell	n.	the act of departing politely
fargo	n.	largest city in North Dakota; located in eastern North Dakota on the Red river
farina	n.	fine meal made from cereal grain especially wheat; often used as a cooked cereal or in puddings
farinaceous	adj.	resembling starch
farinaceous	adj.	composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency
farm	n.	workplace consisting of farm buildings and cultivated land as a unit
farm	v.	be a farmer; work as a farmer
farm	v.	collect fees or profits
farm	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
farmer	n.	a person who operates a farm
farmer	n.	United States civil rights leader who in 1942 founded the Congress of Racial Equality (born in 1920)
farmer	n.	an expert on cooking whose cookbook has undergone many editions (1857-1915)
farmhand	n.	a hired hand on a farm
farmhouse	n.	house for a farmer and family
farming	n.	the practice of cultivating the land or raising stock
farming	n.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life
farming	v.	be a farmer; work as a farmer
farming	v.	collect fees or profits
farming	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
farming	adj.	relating to rural matters
farmington	n.	a town in northwestern New Mexico
farmington	n.	a residential town in central Connecticut
farmland	n.	a rural area where farming is practiced
farmland	n.	arable land that is worked by plowing and sowing and raising crops
farmstead	n.	the buildings and adjacent grounds of a farm
farmstead	n.	a farm together with its buildings
farmyard	n.	an area adjacent to farm buildings
faro	n.	a card game in which players bet against the dealer on the cards he will draw from a dealing box
farrago	n.	a motley assortment of things
farragoes	n.	a motley assortment of things
farragut	n.	United States admiral who commanded Union ships during the American Civil War (1801-1870)
farrell	n.	United States writer remembered for his novels (1904-1979)
farrell	n.	United States operatic soprano noted for the clarity and power of her voice (1920-2002)
farrier	n.	a person who shoes horses
farrow	n.	the production of a litter of pigs
farrow	v.	give birth
farseeing	adj.	capable of seeing to a great distance
farseeing	adj.	planning prudently for the future
farsi	n.	a person of Iranian descent
farsi	n.	the language of Persia (Iran) in any of its ancient forms
farsighted	adj.	able to see distant objects clearly
farsighted	adj.	planning prudently for the future
farsightedness	n.	a reduced ability to focus on near objects caused by loss of elasticity of the crystalline lens after age 45
farsightedness	n.	abnormal condition in which vision for distant objects is better than for near objects
farsightedness	n.	seeing ahead; knowing in advance; foreseeing
fart	n.	a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus
fart	v.	expel intestinal gases through the anus
farther	adj.	more distant in especially space or time
farther	adj.	more distant in especially degree
farther	adv.	to or at a greater extent or degree or a more advanced stage (`further' is used more often than `farther' in this abstract sense)
farther	adv.	to or at a greater distance in time or space (`farther' is used more frequently than `further' in this physical sense)
farther	adv.	to a considerable degree; very much
farther	adv.	at or to or from a great distance in space
farther	adv.	at or to a certain point or degree
farther	adv.	remote in time
farther	adv.	to an advanced stage or point
farthermost	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
farthest	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
farthest	adv.	to the greatest distance in space or time (`farthest' is used more often than `furthest' in this physical sense)
farthest	adv.	to the greatest degree or extent or most advanced stage (`furthest' is used more often than `farthest' in this abstract sense)
farthing	n.	a former British bronze coin worth a quarter of a penny
fascia	n.	a sheet or band of fibrous connective tissue separating or binding together muscles and organs etc
fascia	n.	instrument panel on an automobile or airplane containing dials and controls
fascicle	n.	an installment of a printed work
fascicle	n.	a bundle of fibers (especially nerve fibers)
fascinate	v.	cause to be interested or curious
fascinate	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
fascinate	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
fascinating	v.	cause to be interested or curious
fascinating	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
fascinating	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
fascinating	adj.	capable of arousing and holding the attention
fascinating	adj.	capturing interest as if by a spell
fascination	n.	the state of being intensely interested (as by awe or terror)
fascination	n.	a feeling of great liking for something wonderful and unusual
fascination	n.	the capacity to attract intense interest
fascism	n.	a political theory advocating an authoritarian hierarchical government (as opposed to democracy or liberalism)
fascist	n.	an adherent of fascism or other right-wing authoritarian views
fascist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of fascism
fascistic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of fascism
fashion	n.	how something is done or how it happens
fashion	n.	characteristic or habitual practice
fashion	n.	the latest and most admired style in clothes and cosmetics and behavior
fashion	n.	consumer goods (especially clothing) in the current mode
fashion	v.	make out of components (often in an improvising manner)
fashionable	adj.	being or in accordance with current social fashions
fashionable	adj.	having elegance or taste or refinement in manners or dress
fashionable	adj.	patronized by
fashionably	adv.	in a fashionable manner
fast	n.	abstaining from food
fast	v.	abstain from certain foods, as for religious or medical reasons
fast	v.	abstain from eating
fast	adj.	acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly
fast	adj.	(used of timepieces) indicating a time ahead of or later than the correct time
fast	adj.	at a rapid tempo
fast	adj.	(of surfaces) conducive to rapid speeds
fast	adj.	resistant to destruction or fading
fast	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
fast	adj.	hurried and brief
fast	adj.	securely fixed in place
fast	adj.	unwavering in devotion to friend or vow or cause; ; ; - Campaign song for William Henry Harrison
fast	adj.	(of a photographic lens or emulsion) causing a shortening of exposure time
fast	adv.	quickly or rapidly (often used as a combining form)
fast	adv.	firmly or closely
fastball	n.	(baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity
fasten	v.	cause to be firmly attached
fasten	v.	become fixed or fastened
fasten	v.	attach to
fasten	v.	make tight or tighter
fastener	n.	a person who fastens or makes fast
fastener	n.	restraint that attaches to something or holds something in place
fastening	n.	restraint that attaches to something or holds something in place
fastening	n.	the act of fastening things together
fastening	v.	cause to be firmly attached
fastening	v.	become fixed or fastened
fastening	v.	attach to
fastening	v.	make tight or tighter
fastidious	adj.	giving careful attention to detail; hard to please; excessively concerned with cleanliness
fastidious	adj.	having complicated nutritional requirements; especially growing only in special artificial cultures
fastidiousness	n.	the trait of being meticulous about matters of taste or style
fastness	n.	a rate (usually rapid) at which something happens
fastness	n.	the quality of being fixed in place as by some firm attachment
fastness	n.	a strongly fortified defensive structure
fat	n.	a soft greasy substance occurring in organic tissue and consisting of a mixture of lipids (mostly triglycerides)
fat	n.	a kind of body tissue containing stored fat that serves as a source of energy; it also cushions and insulates vital organs
fat	n.	excess bodily weight
fat	v.	make fat or plump
fat	adj.	having an (over)abundance of flesh
fat	adj.	having a relatively large diameter
fat	adj.	containing or composed of fat
fat	adj.	lucrative
fat	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
fatah	n.	a Palestinian political and military organization founded by Yasser Arafat in 1958 to work toward the creation of a Palestinian state; during the 1960s and 1970s trained terrorist and insurgent groups
fatal	adj.	bringing death
fatal	adj.	having momentous consequences; of decisive importance; - Saturday Rev
fatal	adj.	(of events) having extremely unfortunate or dire consequences; bringing ruin; ; ; ; - Charles Darwin; - Douglas MacArthur
fatal	adj.	controlled or decreed by fate; predetermined
fatalism	n.	a submissive mental attitude resulting from acceptance of the doctrine that everything that happens is predetermined and inevitable
fatalism	n.	a philosophical doctrine holding that all events are predetermined in advance for all time and human beings are powerless to change them
fatalist	n.	anyone who submits to the belief that they are powerless to change their destiny
fatalist	adj.	of or relating to fatalism
fatalistic	adj.	of or relating to fatalism
fatality	n.	a death resulting from an accident or a disaster
fatality	n.	the quality of being able to cause death or fatal disasters
fatback	n.	salt pork from the back of a hog carcass
fate	n.	an event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future
fate	n.	the ultimate agency regarded as predetermining the course of events (often personified as a woman)
fate	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
fate	v.	decree or designate beforehand
fateful	adj.	having momentous consequences; of decisive importance; - Saturday Rev
fateful	adj.	ominously prophetic
fateful	adj.	(of events) having extremely unfortunate or dire consequences; bringing ruin; ; ; ; - Charles Darwin; - Douglas MacArthur
fateful	adj.	controlled or decreed by fate; predetermined
fates	n.	an event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future
fates	n.	the ultimate agency regarded as predetermining the course of events (often personified as a woman)
fates	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
fates	v.	decree or designate beforehand
fates	v.	make fat or plump
fathead	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
father	n.	a male parent (also used as a term of address to your father)
father	n.	the founder of a family
father	n.	`Father' is a term of address for priests in some churches (especially the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Catholic Church); `Padre' is frequently used in the military
father	n.	(Christianity) any of about 70 theologians in the period from the 2nd to the 7th century whose writing established and confirmed official church doctrine; in the Roman Catholic Church some were later declared saints and became Doctor of the Church; the best known Latin Church Fathers are Ambrose, Augustine, Gregory the Great, and Jerome; those who wrote in Greek include Athanasius, Basil, Gregory Nazianzen, and John Chrysostom
father	n.	a person who holds an important or distinguished position in some organization
father	n.	God when considered as the first person in the Trinity
father	n.	a person who founds or establishes some institution
father	n.	the head of an organized crime family
father	v.	make children
fatherhood	n.	the kinship relation between an offspring and the father
fatherhood	n.	God when considered as the first person in the Trinity
fatherhood	n.	the status of a religious leader
fatherhood	n.	the status of a father
fatherland	n.	the country where you were born
fatherless	adj.	having no living father
fatherless	adj.	not having a known or legally responsible father
fathom	n.	a linear unit of measurement (equal to 6 feet) for water depth
fathom	n.	(mining) a unit of volume (equal to 6 cubic feet) used in measuring bodies of ore
fathom	v.	come to understand
fathom	v.	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line
fathomable	adj.	(of depth) capable of being sounded or measured for depth
fathomable	adj.	(of meaning) capable of being penetrated or comprehended
fatigue	n.	temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental work
fatigue	n.	used of materials (especially metals) in a weakened state caused by long stress
fatigue	n.	(always used with a modifier) boredom resulting from overexposure to something
fatigue	n.	labor of a nonmilitary kind done by soldiers (cleaning or digging or draining or so on)
fatigue	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
fatigue	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
fatigues	n.	military uniform worn by military personnel when doing menial labor
fatigues	n.	temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental work
fatigues	n.	used of materials (especially metals) in a weakened state caused by long stress
fatigues	n.	(always used with a modifier) boredom resulting from overexposure to something
fatigues	n.	labor of a nonmilitary kind done by soldiers (cleaning or digging or draining or so on)
fatigues	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
fatigues	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
fatima	n.	youngest daughter of the prophet Mohammed and wife of the fourth calif Ali; revered especially by Shiite Muslims (606-632)
fatness	n.	excess bodily weight
fatso	n.	a rotund individual
fatten	v.	make fat or plump
fatter	adj.	having an (over)abundance of flesh
fatter	adj.	having a relatively large diameter
fatter	adj.	containing or composed of fat
fatter	adj.	lucrative
fatter	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
fattest	adj.	having an (over)abundance of flesh
fattest	adj.	having a relatively large diameter
fattest	adj.	containing or composed of fat
fattest	adj.	lucrative
fattest	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
fattiness	n.	having the property of containing fat
fatty	n.	a rotund individual
fatty	adj.	containing or composed of fat
fatuity	n.	a ludicrous folly
fatuous	adj.	devoid of intelligence
fatuousness	n.	a ludicrous folly
fatwa	n.	a ruling on a point of Islamic law that is given by a recognized authority
faucet	n.	a regulator for controlling the flow of a liquid from a reservoir
faulkner	n.	United States novelist (originally Falkner) who wrote about people in the southern United States (1897-1962)
fault	n.	a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention
fault	n.	an imperfection in an object or machine
fault	n.	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection
fault	n.	(geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one side with respect to the other
fault	n.	(electronics) equipment failure attributable to some defect in a circuit (loose connection or insulation failure or short circuit etc.)
fault	n.	responsibility for a bad situation or event
fault	n.	(sports) a serve that is illegal (e.g., that lands outside the prescribed area)
fault	v.	put or pin the blame on
faultfinder	n.	someone who is critical of the motives of others
faultfinding	n.	persistent petty and unjustified criticism
faultfinding	adj.	tending to make moral judgments or judgments based on personal opinions
faultfinding	adj.	tending to find and call attention to faults
faultily	adv.	in an inaccurate manner
faultiness	n.	the state of being defective
faultless	adj.	without fault or error
faultlessness	n.	the quality of being without an error or fault
faulty	adj.	having a defect
faulty	adj.	characterized by errors; not agreeing with a model or not following established rules; ; ; the wrong side of the road"
faun	n.	ancient Italian deity in human shape, with horns, pointed ears and a goat's tail; equivalent to Greek satyr
fauna	n.	all the animal life in a particular region or period
fauna	n.	a living organism characterized by voluntary movement
fauntleroy	n.	an excessively polite and well-dressed boy
faust	n.	an alchemist of German legend who sold his soul to Mephistopheles in exchange for knowledge
faustian	adj.	pertaining to or resembling or befitting Faust or Faustus especially in insatiably striving for worldly knowledge and power even at the price of spiritual values
faustus	n.	an alchemist of German legend who sold his soul to Mephistopheles in exchange for knowledge
fauvism	n.	an art movement launched in 1905 whose work was characterized by bright and nonnatural colors and simple forms; influenced the expressionists
fauvist	n.	a member of a group of French painters who followed fauvism
faux	adj.	not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article
favor	n.	an act of gracious kindness
favor	n.	an advantage to the benefit of someone or something
favor	n.	an inclination to approve
favor	n.	a feeling of favorable regard
favor	n.	souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party
favor	v.	promote over another
favor	v.	consider as the favorite
favor	v.	treat gently or carefully
favor	v.	bestow a privilege upon
favorable	adj.	encouraging or approving or pleasing
favorable	adj.	(of winds or weather) tending to promote or facilitate
favorable	adj.	presaging or likely to bring good luck
favorable	adj.	inclined to help or support; not antagonistic or hostile
favorable	adj.	occurring at a convenient or suitable time
favorably	adv.	showing approval
favorite	n.	something regarded with special favor or liking
favorite	n.	a special loved one
favorite	n.	a competitor thought likely to win
favorite	adj.	appealing to the general public
favorite	adj.	preferred above all others and treated with partiality
favoritism	n.	an inclination to favor some person or group
favoritism	n.	unfair treatment of a person or group on the basis of prejudice
fawkes	n.	English conspirator who was executed for his role in a plot to blow up James I and the Houses of Parliament (1570-1606)
fawn	n.	a color or pigment varying around a light grey-brown color
fawn	n.	a young deer
fawn	v.	show submission or fear
fawn	v.	try to gain favor by cringing or flattering
fawn	v.	have fawns
fawner	n.	someone who humbles himself as a sign of respect; who behaves as if he had no self-respect
fax	n.	duplicator that transmits the copy by wire or radio
fax	v.	send something via a facsimile machine
fay	n.	a small being, human in form, playful and having magical powers
fayetteville	n.	a town in central West Virginia on the New River
fayetteville	n.	a town in south central North Carolina
fayetteville	n.	a university town in northwestern Arkansas in the Ozarks
faze	v.	disturb the composure of
fazed	v.	disturb the composure of
fazed	adj.	caused to show discomposure
fbi	n.	a federal law enforcement agency that is the principal investigative arm of the Department of Justice
fcc	n.	an independent government agency that regulates interstate and international communications by radio and television and wire and cable and satellite
fda	n.	a federal agency in the Department of Health and Human Services established to regulate the release of new foods and health-related products
fdic	n.	a federally sponsored corporation that insures accounts in national banks and other qualified institutions
fdr	n.	32nd President of the United States; elected four times; instituted New Deal to counter the Great Depression and led country during World War II (1882-1945)
fe	n.	a heavy ductile magnetic metallic element; is silver-white in pure form but readily rusts; used in construction and tools and armament; plays a role in the transport of oxygen by the blood
fealty	n.	the loyalty that citizens owe to their country (or subjects to their sovereign)
fear	n.	an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight)
fear	n.	an anxious feeling
fear	n.	a feeling of profound respect for someone or something
fear	v.	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event
fear	v.	be afraid or scared of; be frightened of
fear	v.	be sorry; used to introduce an unpleasant statement
fear	v.	be uneasy or apprehensive about
fear	v.	regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of
fearful	adj.	experiencing or showing fear
fearful	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
fearful	adj.	lacking courage; ignobly timid and faint-hearted; - P.B.Shelley
fearful	adj.	extremely distressing
fearful	adj.	timid by nature or revealing timidity
fearfulness	n.	an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight)
fearfulness	n.	the trait of being afraid
fearless	adj.	oblivious of dangers or perils or calmly resolute in facing them
fearless	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
fearlessness	n.	feeling no fear
fearlessness	n.	the trait of feeling no fear
fearsome	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
feasibility	n.	the quality of being doable
feasible	adj.	capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are
feasibly	adv.	in a practicable manner; so as to be feasible
feast	n.	a ceremonial dinner party for many people
feast	n.	something experienced with great delight
feast	n.	a meal that is well prepared and greatly enjoyed
feast	n.	an elaborate party (often outdoors)
feast	v.	partake in a feast or banquet
feast	v.	provide a feast or banquet for
feast	v.	gratify
feat	n.	a notable achievement
feather	n.	the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds
feather	n.	turning an oar parallel to the water between pulls
feather	v.	join tongue and groove, in carpentry
feather	v.	cover or fit with feathers
feather	v.	turn the paddle; in canoeing
feather	v.	turn the oar, while rowing
feather	v.	grow feathers
featherbedding	n.	the practice (usually by a labor union) of requiring an employer to hire more workers than are required
featherbedding	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
featherbedding	v.	hire more workers than are necessary
featherbrained	adj.	lacking seriousness; given to frivolity
featherless	adj.	having no feathers
featherweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 126 pounds
featherweight	n.	weighs 126-139 pounds
featherweight	n.	a professional boxer who weighs between 123 and 126 pounds
feathery	adj.	resembling or suggesting a feather or feathers
feathery	adj.	characterized by a covering of feathers
feathery	adj.	adorned with feathers or plumes
feature	n.	a prominent attribute or aspect of something
feature	n.	the characteristic parts of a person's face: eyes and nose and mouth and chin
feature	n.	the principal (full-length) film in a program at a movie theater
feature	n.	a special or prominent article in a newspaper or magazine
feature	n.	(linguistics) a distinctive characteristic of a linguistic unit that serves to distinguish it from other units of the same kind
feature	n.	an article of merchandise that is displayed or advertised more than other articles
feature	v.	have as a feature
feature	v.	wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner
featureless	adj.	lacking distinguishing characteristics or features
feb	n.	the month following January and preceding March
febrile	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by fever
february	n.	the month following January and preceding March
fecal	adj.	of or relating to feces
feces	n.	solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels
feckless	adj.	not fit to assume responsibility
feckless	adj.	generally incompetent and ineffectual
fecund	adj.	capable of producing offspring or vegetation
fecund	adj.	intellectually productive
fecundate	v.	make fertile or productive
fecundate	v.	introduce semen into (a female)
fecundation	n.	creation by the physical union of male and female gametes; of sperm and ova in an animal or pollen and ovule in a plant
fecundation	n.	making fertile as by applying fertilizer or manure
fecundity	n.	the intellectual productivity of a creative imagination
fecundity	n.	the state of being fertile; capable of producing offspring
fecundity	n.	the quality of something that causes or assists healthy growth
fed	n.	any federal law-enforcement officer
fed	n.	the central bank of the United States; incorporates 12 Federal Reserve branch banks and all national banks and state-chartered commercial banks and some trust companies
fed	v.	provide as food
fed	v.	give food to
fed	v.	feed into; supply
fed	v.	introduce continuously
fed	v.	support or promote
fed	v.	take in food; used of animals only
fed	v.	serve as food for; be the food for
fed	v.	move along, of liquids
fed	v.	profit from in an exploitatory manner
fed	v.	gratify
fed	v.	provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to
federal	n.	a member of the Union Army during the American Civil War
federal	n.	any federal law-enforcement officer
federal	adj.	national; especially in reference to the government of the United States as distinct from that of its member units
federal	adj.	of or relating to the central government of a federation
federal	adj.	being of or having to do with the northern United States and those loyal to the Union during the American Civil War
federal	adj.	characterized by or constituting a form of government in which power is divided between one central and several regional authorities
federalism	n.	the idea of a federal organization of more or less self-governing units
federalist	n.	a member of a former political party in the United States that favored a strong centralized federal government
federalist	n.	an advocate of federalism
federalization	n.	the state of being under federal control
federalization	n.	the act of being put under federal control
federalize	v.	unite on a federal basis or band together as a league
federalize	v.	put under the control and authority of a federal government
federalize	v.	enter into a league for a common purpose
federate	v.	enter into a league for a common purpose
federate	v.	unite on a federal basis or band together as a league
federate	adj.	united under a central government
federation	n.	an organization formed by merging several groups or parties
federation	n.	a union of political organizations
federation	n.	the act of constituting a political unity out of a number of separate states or colonies or provinces so that each member retains the management of its internal affairs
fedora	n.	a hat made of felt with a creased crown
feds	n.	any federal law-enforcement officer
feds	n.	the central bank of the United States; incorporates 12 Federal Reserve branch banks and all national banks and state-chartered commercial banks and some trust companies
fee	n.	a fixed charge for a privilege or for professional services
fee	n.	an interest in land capable of being inherited
fee	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
feeble	adj.	pathetically lacking in force or effectiveness
feeble	adj.	lacking strength or vigor
feeble	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
feeble	adj.	lacking strength; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
feebleness	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
feebleness	n.	the quality of lacking intensity or substance; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
feebly	adv.	in a faint and feeble manner
feebly	adv.	in a halting and feeble manner
feed	n.	food for domestic livestock
feed	v.	provide as food
feed	v.	give food to
feed	v.	feed into; supply
feed	v.	introduce continuously
feed	v.	support or promote
feed	v.	take in food; used of animals only
feed	v.	serve as food for; be the food for
feed	v.	move along, of liquids
feed	v.	profit from in an exploitatory manner
feed	v.	gratify
feed	v.	provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to
feed	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
feedback	n.	the process in which part of the output of a system is returned to its input in order to regulate its further output
feedback	n.	response to an inquiry or experiment
feedbag	n.	a canvas bag that is used to feed an animal (such as a horse); covers the muzzle and fastens at the top of the head
feeder	n.	an animal being fattened or suitable for fattening
feeder	n.	someone who consumes food for nourishment
feeder	n.	a branch that flows into the main stream
feeder	n.	a machine that automatically provides a supply of some material
feeder	n.	an outdoor device that supplies food for wild birds
feeder	n.	an animal that feeds on a particular source of food
feeding	n.	the act of consuming food
feeding	n.	the act of supplying food and nourishment
feeding	v.	provide as food
feeding	v.	give food to
feeding	v.	feed into; supply
feeding	v.	introduce continuously
feeding	v.	support or promote
feeding	v.	take in food; used of animals only
feeding	v.	serve as food for; be the food for
feeding	v.	move along, of liquids
feeding	v.	profit from in an exploitatory manner
feeding	v.	gratify
feeding	v.	provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to
feedlot	n.	a building where livestock are fattened for market
feel	n.	an intuitive awareness;  or
feel	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
feel	n.	a property perceived by touch
feel	n.	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure
feel	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
feel	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
feel	v.	perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles
feel	v.	be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state
feel	v.	have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude
feel	v.	undergo passive experience of:
feel	v.	be felt or perceived in a certain way
feel	v.	grope or feel in search of something
feel	v.	examine by touch
feel	v.	examine (a body part) by palpation
feel	v.	find by testing or cautious exploration
feel	v.	produce a certain impression
feel	v.	pass one's hands over the sexual organs of
feeler	n.	one of a pair of mobile appendages on the head of e.g. insects and crustaceans; typically sensitive to touch and taste
feeler	n.	a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others
feeler	n.	sensitivity similar to that of a receptor organ
feeler	n.	slender tactile process on the jaws of a fish
feeling	n.	the experiencing of affective and emotional states
feeling	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
feeling	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
feeling	n.	a physical sensation that you experience
feeling	n.	the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin
feeling	n.	an intuitive understanding of something
feeling	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
feeling	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
feeling	v.	perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles
feeling	v.	be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state
feeling	v.	have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude
feeling	v.	undergo passive experience of:
feeling	v.	be felt or perceived in a certain way
feeling	v.	grope or feel in search of something
feeling	v.	examine by touch
feeling	v.	examine (a body part) by palpation
feeling	v.	find by testing or cautious exploration
feeling	v.	produce a certain impression
feeling	v.	pass one's hands over the sexual organs of
feet	n.	the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint
feet	n.	a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard
feet	n.	the lower part of anything
feet	n.	the pedal extremity of vertebrates other than human beings
feet	n.	lowest support of a structure
feet	n.	any of various organs of locomotion or attachment in invertebrates
feet	n.	travel by walking
feet	n.	a member of a surveillance team who works on foot or rides as a passenger
feet	n.	an army unit consisting of soldiers who fight on foot
feet	n.	(prosody) a group of 2 or 3 syllables forming the basic unit of poetic rhythm
feet	n.	a support resembling a pedal extremity
feign	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
feign	v.	make a pretence of
feigned	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
feigned	v.	make a pretence of
feigned	adj.	not genuine
feint	n.	any distracting or deceptive maneuver (as a mock attack)
feint	v.	deceive by a mock action
feisty	adj.	showing courage
feisty	adj.	quick to take offense
feldspar	n.	any of a group of hard crystalline minerals that consist of aluminum silicates of potassium or sodium or calcium or barium
felicia	n.	genus of tropical African herbs or subshrubs with usually blue flowers
felicitate	v.	express congratulations
felicitation	n.	(usually plural) an expression of pleasure at the success or good fortune of another
felicitation	n.	the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration
felicitous	adj.	exhibiting an agreeably appropriate manner or style
felicitous	adj.	marked by good fortune
felicity	n.	pleasing and appropriate manner or style (especially manner or style of expression)
felicity	n.	state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy
feline	n.	any of various lithe-bodied roundheaded fissiped mammals, many with retractile claws
feline	adj.	of or relating to cats
fell	n.	the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal)
fell	n.	seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed materials to avoid rough edges
fell	n.	the act of felling something (as a tree)
fell	v.	cause to fall by or as if by delivering a blow
fell	v.	pass away rapidly
fell	v.	sew a seam by folding the edges
fell	v.	descend in free fall under the influence of gravity
fell	v.	move downward and lower, but not necessarily all the way
fell	v.	pass suddenly and passively into a state of body or mind
fell	v.	come under, be classified or included
fell	v.	fall from clouds
fell	v.	suffer defeat, failure, or ruin
fell	v.	die, as in battle or in a hunt
fell	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
fell	v.	be captured
fell	v.	occur at a specified time or place
fell	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
fell	v.	yield to temptation or sin
fell	v.	lose office or power
fell	v.	to be given by assignment or distribution
fell	v.	move in a specified direction
fell	v.	be due
fell	v.	lose one's chastity
fell	v.	to be given by right or inheritance
fell	v.	come into the possession of
fell	v.	fall to somebody by assignment or lot
fell	v.	be inherited by
fell	v.	slope downward
fell	v.	lose an upright position suddenly
fell	v.	drop oneself to a lower or less erect position
fell	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
fell	v.	assume a disappointed or sad expression
fell	v.	be cast down
fell	v.	come out; issue
fell	v.	be born, used chiefly of lambs
fell	v.	begin vigorously
fell	v.	go as if by falling
fell	v.	come as if by falling
fell	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
fella	n.	a boy or man
fellatio	n.	oral stimulation of the penis
fellini	n.	Italian filmmaker (1920-1993)
fellow	n.	a boy or man
fellow	n.	a friend who is frequently in the company of another
fellow	n.	a person who is member of one's class or profession
fellow	n.	one of a pair
fellow	n.	a member of a learned society
fellow	n.	an informal form of address for a man
fellow	n.	a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman
fellowship	n.	an association of people who share common beliefs or activities
fellowship	n.	the state of being with someone
fellowship	n.	money granted (by a university or foundation or other agency) for advanced study or research
felon	n.	someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime
felon	n.	a purulent infection at the end of a finger or toe in the area surrounding the nail
felonious	adj.	involving or being or having the nature of a crime
felony	n.	a serious crime (such as murder or arson)
felt	n.	a fabric made of compressed matted animal fibers
felt	v.	mat together and make felt-like
felt	v.	cover with felt
felt	v.	change texture so as to become matted and felt-like
felt	v.	undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind
felt	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
felt	v.	perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles
felt	v.	be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state
felt	v.	have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude
felt	v.	undergo passive experience of:
felt	v.	be felt or perceived in a certain way
felt	v.	grope or feel in search of something
felt	v.	examine by touch
felt	v.	examine (a body part) by palpation
felt	v.	find by testing or cautious exploration
felt	v.	produce a certain impression
felt	v.	pass one's hands over the sexual organs of
female	n.	an animal that produces gametes (ova) that can be fertilized by male gametes (spermatozoa)
female	n.	a person who belongs to the sex that can have babies
female	adj.	being the sex (of plant or animal) that produces fertilizable gametes (ova) from which offspring develop
female	adj.	characteristic of or peculiar to a woman
female	adj.	for or pertaining to or composed of women or girls
femaleness	n.	the properties characteristic of the female sex
feminine	n.	a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to females or to objects classified as female
feminine	adj.	associated with women and not with men
feminine	adj.	of grammatical gender
feminine	adj.	befitting or characteristic of a woman especially a mature woman
feminine	adj.	(music or poetry) ending on an unaccented beat or syllable
femininity	n.	the trait of behaving in ways considered typical for women
feminism	n.	a doctrine that advocates equal rights for women
feminism	n.	the movement aimed at equal rights for women
feminist	n.	a supporter of feminism
feminist	adj.	of or relating to or advocating equal rights for women
feminize	v.	assume (more) feminine characteristics
feminize	v.	to give a (more) feminine, effeminate, or womanly quality or appearance to
femoral	adj.	of or relating to or near the femur or thigh
femur	n.	the longest and thickest bone of the human skeleton; extends from the pelvis to the knee
fen	n.	100 fen equal 1 yuan in China
fen	n.	low-lying wet land with grassy vegetation; usually is a transition zone between land and water
fence	n.	a barrier that serves to enclose an area
fence	n.	a dealer in stolen property
fence	v.	enclose with a fence
fence	v.	receive stolen goods
fence	v.	fight with fencing swords
fence	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
fence	v.	have an argument about something
fencer	n.	someone skilled at fencing
fencing	n.	a barrier that serves to enclose an area
fencing	n.	material for building fences
fencing	n.	the art or sport of fighting with swords (especially the use of foils or epees or sabres to score points under a set of rules)
fencing	v.	enclose with a fence
fencing	v.	receive stolen goods
fencing	v.	fight with fencing swords
fencing	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
fencing	v.	have an argument about something
fend	v.	try to manage without help
fend	v.	withstand the force of something
fender	n.	a barrier that surrounds the wheels of a vehicle to block splashing water or mud
fender	n.	an inclined metal frame at the front of a locomotive to clear the track
fender	n.	a low metal guard to confine falling coals to a hearth
fender	n.	a cushion-like device that reduces shock due to an impact
fenestration	n.	the arrangement of windows in a building
fenestration	n.	surgical procedure that creates a new fenestra to the cochlea in order to restore hearing lost because of osteosclerosis
fennel	n.	any of several aromatic herbs having edible seeds and leaves and stems
fennel	n.	aromatic bulbous stem base eaten cooked or raw in salads
fennel	n.	leaves used for seasoning
fennel	n.	fennel seeds are ground and used as a spice or as an ingredient of a spice mixture
fentanyl	n.	trade names of a narcotic analgesic that can be inhaled and that acts on the central nervous system and may become addictive; used as a veterinary anesthetic and with other drugs before, during, and after surgery; also used as a nonlethal gas to incapacitate people in hostage situations; also abused as a recreational drug
feral	adj.	wild and menacing
ferber	n.	United States novelist; author of several popular novels (1887-1968)
ferdinand	n.	the king of Castile and Aragon who ruled jointly with his wife Isabella; his marriage to Isabella I in 1469 marked the beginning of the modern state of Spain and their capture of Granada from the Moors in 1492 united Spain as one country; they instituted the Spanish Inquisition in 1478 and supported the expedition of Christopher Columbus in 1492 (1452-1516)
fermat	n.	French mathematician who founded number theory; contributed (with Pascal) to the theory of probability (1601-1665)
ferment	n.	a state of agitation or turbulent change or development
ferment	n.	a substance capable of bringing about fermentation
ferment	n.	a process in which an agent causes an organic substance to break down into simpler substances; especially, the anaerobic breakdown of sugar into alcohol
ferment	v.	be in an agitated or excited state
ferment	v.	work up into agitation or excitement
ferment	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
ferment	v.	go sour or spoil
fermentation	n.	a state of agitation or turbulent change or development
fermentation	n.	a process in which an agent causes an organic substance to break down into simpler substances; especially, the anaerobic breakdown of sugar into alcohol
fermented	v.	be in an agitated or excited state
fermented	v.	work up into agitation or excitement
fermented	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
fermented	v.	go sour or spoil
fermenting	n.	a process in which an agent causes an organic substance to break down into simpler substances; especially, the anaerobic breakdown of sugar into alcohol
fermenting	v.	be in an agitated or excited state
fermenting	v.	work up into agitation or excitement
fermenting	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
fermenting	v.	go sour or spoil
fermi	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one quadrillionth of a meter
fermi	n.	Italian nuclear physicist (in the United States after 1939) who worked on artificial radioactivity caused by neutron bombardment and who headed the group that in 1942 produced the first controlled nuclear reaction (1901-1954)
fermium	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element produced by bombarding plutonium with neutrons
fern	n.	any of numerous flowerless and seedless vascular plants having true roots from a rhizome and fronds that uncurl upward; reproduce by spores
ferny	adj.	abounding in or covered with ferns
ferny	adj.	resembling ferns especially in leaf shape
ferocious	adj.	marked by extreme and violent energy
ferociousness	n.	the trait of extreme cruelty
ferocity	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
ferret	n.	musteline mammal of prairie regions of United States; nearly extinct
ferret	n.	domesticated albino variety of the European polecat bred for hunting rats and rabbits
ferret	v.	hound or harry relentlessly
ferret	v.	hunt with ferrets
ferret	v.	search and discover through persistent investigation
ferric	adj.	of or relating to or containing iron
ferromagnetic	adj.	relating to or demonstrating ferromagnetism
ferromagnetism	n.	phenomenon exhibited by materials like iron (nickel or cobalt) that become magnetized in a magnetic field and retain their magnetism when the field is removed
ferrous	adj.	of or relating to or containing iron
ferrule	n.	a metal cap or band placed on a wooden pole to prevent splitting
ferry	n.	a boat that transports people or vehicles across a body of water and operates on a regular schedule
ferry	n.	transport by boat or aircraft
ferry	v.	transport from one place to another
ferry	v.	transport by ferry
ferry	v.	travel by ferry
ferryboat	n.	a boat that transports people or vehicles across a body of water and operates on a regular schedule
ferryman	n.	a man who operates a ferry
ferrymen	n.	a man who operates a ferry
fertile	adj.	capable of reproducing
fertile	adj.	intellectually productive
fertile	adj.	bearing in abundance especially offspring
fertile	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
fertility	n.	the ratio of live births in an area to the population of that area; expressed per 1000 population per year
fertility	n.	the state of being fertile; capable of producing offspring
fertility	n.	the property of producing abundantly and sustaining vigorous and luxuriant growth
fertilization	n.	creation by the physical union of male and female gametes; of sperm and ova in an animal or pollen and ovule in a plant
fertilization	n.	making fertile as by applying fertilizer or manure
fertilize	v.	provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to
fertilize	v.	make fertile or productive
fertilize	v.	introduce semen into (a female)
fertilized	v.	provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to
fertilized	v.	make fertile or productive
fertilized	v.	introduce semen into (a female)
fertilizer	n.	any substance such as manure or a mixture of nitrates used to make soil more fertile
ferule	n.	a switch (a stick or cane or flat paddle) used to punish children
fervency	n.	feelings of great warmth and intensity
fervent	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
fervent	adj.	extremely hot; - Nathaniel Hawthorne; - Frances Trollope
fervid	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
fervid	adj.	extremely hot; - Nathaniel Hawthorne; - Frances Trollope
fervor	n.	feelings of great warmth and intensity
fervor	n.	the state of being emotionally aroused and worked up
fess	n.	(heraldry) an ordinary consisting of a broad horizontal band across a shield
fess	n.	a city in north central Morocco; religious center
festal	adj.	offering fun and gaiety
fester	n.	a sore that has become inflamed and formed pus
fester	v.	ripen and generate pus
festival	n.	a day or period of time set aside for feasting and celebration
festival	n.	an organized series of acts and performances (usually in one place)
festive	adj.	offering fun and gaiety
festivity	n.	any joyous diversion
festoon	n.	a curtain of fabric draped and bound at intervals to form graceful curves
festoon	n.	an embellishment consisting of a decorative representation of a string of flowers suspended between two points; used on pottery or in architectural work
festoon	n.	flower chains suspended in curves between points as a decoration
festoon	v.	decorate with strings of flowers
fetal	adj.	of or relating to a fetus
fetch	n.	the action of fetching
fetch	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
fetch	v.	be sold for a certain price
fetch	v.	take away or remove
fetching	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
fetching	v.	be sold for a certain price
fetching	v.	take away or remove
fetching	adj.	very attractive; capturing interest
fete	n.	an elaborate party (often outdoors)
fete	n.	an organized series of acts and performances (usually in one place)
fete	v.	have a celebration
fetid	adj.	offensively malodorous
fetidness	n.	the attribute of having a strong offensive smell
fetish	n.	a form of sexual desire in which gratification depends to an abnormal degree on some object or item of clothing or part of the body
fetish	n.	a charm superstitiously believed to embody magical powers
fetish	n.	excessive or irrational devotion to some activity
fetishism	n.	a belief in the magical power of fetishes (or the worship of a fetish)
fetishism	n.	sexual arousal or gratification resulting from handling a fetish (or a specific part of the body other than the sexual organs)
fetishist	n.	one who engages in fetishism (especially of a sexual nature)
fetlock	n.	the joint between the cannon bone and the pastern
fetlock	n.	projection behind and above a horse's hoof
fetter	n.	a shackle for the ankles or feet
fetter	v.	restrain with fetters
fettle	n.	a state of fitness and good health
fettle	v.	remove mold marks or sand from (a casting)
fettuccine	n.	pasta in flat strips wider than linguine
fetus	n.	an unborn or unhatched vertebrate in the later stages of development showing the main recognizable features of the mature animal
feud	n.	a bitter quarrel between two parties
feud	v.	carry out a feud
feudal	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of feudalism
feudalism	n.	the social system that developed in Europe in the 8th century; vassals were protected by lords who they had to serve in war
feudalistic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of feudalism
fever	n.	a rise in the temperature of the body; frequently a symptom of infection
fever	n.	intense nervous anticipation
feverish	adj.	marked by intense agitation or emotion
feverish	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by fever
feverish	adj.	having or affected by a fever
feverishness	n.	a rise in the temperature of the body; frequently a symptom of infection
few	n.	a small elite group
few	adj.	a quantifier that can be used with count nouns and is often preceded by `a'; a small but indefinite number
fewness	n.	the quality of being small in number
fey	adj.	slightly insane
fey	adj.	suggestive of an elf in strangeness and otherworldliness; ; - John Mason Brown
feynman	n.	United States physicist who contributed to the theory of the interaction of photons and electrons (1918-1988)
fez	n.	a city in north central Morocco; religious center
fez	n.	a felt cap (usually red) for a man; shaped like a flat-topped cone with a tassel that hangs from the crown
fezzes	n.	a city in north central Morocco; religious center
fezzes	n.	a felt cap (usually red) for a man; shaped like a flat-topped cone with a tassel that hangs from the crown
fha	n.	the federal agency in the Department of Housing and Urban Development that insures residential mortgages
fiance	n.	a man who is engaged to be married
fiancee	n.	a woman who is engaged to be married
fiances	n.	a man who is engaged to be married
fiasco	n.	a sudden and violent collapse
fiascoes	n.	a sudden and violent collapse
fiat	n.	a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)
fib	n.	a trivial lie
fib	v.	tell a relatively insignificant lie
fibbed	v.	tell a relatively insignificant lie
fibber	n.	someone who tells lies
fibbing	n.	a trivial act of lying or being deliberately unclear
fibbing	v.	tell a relatively insignificant lie
fiber	n.	a slender and greatly elongated substance capable of being spun into yarn
fiber	n.	coarse, indigestible plant food low in nutrients; its bulk stimulates intestinal peristalsis
fiber	n.	any of several elongated, threadlike cells (especially a muscle fiber or a nerve fiber)
fiber	n.	the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions; - Herbert Spencer
fiber	n.	a leatherlike material made by compressing layers of paper or cloth
fiberboard	n.	wallboard composed of wood chips or shavings bonded together with resin and compressed into rigid sheets
fiberglass	n.	a covering material made of glass fibers in resins
fibril	n.	a very slender natural or synthetic fiber
fibrillate	v.	make fine, irregular, rapid twitching movements
fibrillation	n.	muscular twitching involving individual muscle fibers acting without coordination
fibrillation	n.	act or process of forming fibrils
fibrin	n.	a white insoluble fibrous protein formed by the action of thrombin on fibrinogen when blood clots; it forms a network that traps red cells and platelets
fibroid	n.	benign tumor containing fibrous tissue (especially in the uterus)
fibrosis	n.	development of excess fibrous connective tissue in an organ
fibrous	adj.	having or resembling fibers especially fibers used in making cordage such as those of jute
fibrous	adj.	(of meat) full of sinews; especially impossible to chew
fibula	n.	the outer and thinner of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
fibulae	n.	the outer and thinner of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
fica	n.	a tax on employees and employers that is used to fund the Social Security system
fichu	n.	a lightweight triangular scarf worn by a woman
fickle	adj.	marked by erratic changeableness in affections or attachments
fickle	adj.	liable to sudden unpredictable change
fickleness	n.	unfaithfulness by virtue of being unreliable or treacherous
fiction	n.	a literary work based on the imagination and not necessarily on fact
fiction	n.	a deliberately false or improbable account
fictional	adj.	related to or involving literary fiction
fictional	adj.	formed or conceived by the imagination
fictionalization	n.	a literary work based partly or wholly on fact but written as if it were fiction
fictionalization	n.	writing in a fictional form
fictionalize	v.	make into fiction
fictionalize	v.	convert into the form or the style of a novel
fictitious	adj.	formed or conceived by the imagination
fictitious	adj.	adopted in order to deceive
fictive	adj.	adopted in order to deceive
fictive	adj.	capable of imaginative creation
ficus	n.	large genus of tropical trees or shrubs or climbers including fig trees
fiddle	n.	bowed stringed instrument that is the highest member of the violin family; this instrument has four strings and a hollow body and an unfretted fingerboard and is played with a bow
fiddle	v.	avoid (one's assigned duties)
fiddle	v.	commit fraud and steal from one's employer
fiddle	v.	play the violin or fiddle
fiddle	v.	play on a violin
fiddle	v.	manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination
fiddle	v.	play around with or alter or falsify, usually secretively or dishonestly
fiddle	v.	try to fix or mend
fiddler	n.	a musician who plays the violin
fiddler	n.	someone who manipulates in a nervous or unconscious manner
fiddler	n.	an unskilled person who tries to fix or mend
fiddlesticks	n.	a bow used in playing the violin
fidelity	n.	accuracy with which an electronic system reproduces the sound or image of its input signal
fidelity	n.	the quality of being faithful
fidget	n.	a feeling of agitation expressed in continual motion
fidget	v.	move restlessly
fidgety	adj.	nervous and unable to relax
fiduciary	n.	a person who holds assets in trust for a beneficiary
fiduciary	adj.	relating to or of the nature of a legal trust (i.e. the holding of something in trust for another)
fief	n.	a piece of land held under the feudal system
fiefdom	n.	the domain controlled by a feudal lord
fiefdom	n.	an organization that is controlled by a dominant person or group
field	n.	a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
field	n.	a region where a battle is being (or has been) fought
field	n.	somewhere (away from a studio or office or library or laboratory) where practical work is done or data is collected
field	n.	a branch of knowledge
field	n.	the space around a radiating body within which its electromagnetic oscillations can exert force on another similar body not in contact with it
field	n.	a particular kind of commercial enterprise
field	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
field	n.	a piece of land prepared for playing a game
field	n.	extensive tract of level open land
field	n.	(mathematics) a set of elements such that addition and multiplication are commutative and associative and multiplication is distributive over addition and there are two elements 0 and 1
field	n.	a region in which active military operations are in progress
field	n.	all of the horses in a particular horse race
field	n.	all the competitors in a particular contest or sporting event
field	n.	a geographic region (land or sea) under which something valuable is found
field	n.	(computer science) a set of one or more adjacent characters comprising a unit of information
field	n.	the area that is visible (as through an optical instrument)
field	n.	a place where planes take off and land
field	v.	catch or pick up (balls) in baseball or cricket
field	v.	play as a fielder
field	v.	answer adequately or successfully
field	v.	select (a team or individual player) for a game
fielded	v.	catch or pick up (balls) in baseball or cricket
fielded	v.	play as a fielder
fielded	v.	answer adequately or successfully
fielded	v.	select (a team or individual player) for a game
fielder	n.	a member of the baseball team that is in the field instead of at bat
fielder	n.	a member of the cricket team that is fielding rather than batting
fielding	n.	(baseball) handling the ball while playing in the field
fielding	n.	English novelist and dramatist (1707-1754)
fielding	v.	catch or pick up (balls) in baseball or cricket
fielding	v.	play as a fielder
fielding	v.	answer adequately or successfully
fielding	v.	select (a team or individual player) for a game
fields	n.	United States comedian and film actor (1880-1946)
fields	n.	a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
fields	n.	a region where a battle is being (or has been) fought
fields	n.	somewhere (away from a studio or office or library or laboratory) where practical work is done or data is collected
fields	n.	a branch of knowledge
fields	n.	the space around a radiating body within which its electromagnetic oscillations can exert force on another similar body not in contact with it
fields	n.	a particular kind of commercial enterprise
fields	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
fields	n.	a piece of land prepared for playing a game
fields	n.	extensive tract of level open land
fields	n.	(mathematics) a set of elements such that addition and multiplication are commutative and associative and multiplication is distributive over addition and there are two elements 0 and 1
fields	n.	a region in which active military operations are in progress
fields	n.	all of the horses in a particular horse race
fields	n.	all the competitors in a particular contest or sporting event
fields	n.	a geographic region (land or sea) under which something valuable is found
fields	n.	(computer science) a set of one or more adjacent characters comprising a unit of information
fields	n.	the area that is visible (as through an optical instrument)
fields	n.	a place where planes take off and land
fields	v.	catch or pick up (balls) in baseball or cricket
fields	v.	play as a fielder
fields	v.	answer adequately or successfully
fields	v.	select (a team or individual player) for a game
fieldsman	n.	a member of the cricket team that is fielding rather than batting
fieldsmen	n.	a member of the cricket team that is fielding rather than batting
fieldwork	n.	a temporary fortification built by troops in the field
fieldworker	n.	a researcher who works in the field
fiend	n.	a cruel wicked and inhuman person
fiend	n.	an evil supernatural being
fiend	n.	a person motivated by irrational enthusiasm (as for a cause); --Winston Churchill
fiendish	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
fierce	adj.	marked by extreme and violent energy
fierce	adj.	marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid
fierce	adj.	ruthless in competition
fierce	adj.	violently agitated and turbulent; ; - Ezra Pound
fierceness	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
fieriness	n.	the heat or the color of fire
fieriness	n.	a passionate and quick-tempered nature
fiery	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
fiery	adj.	like or suggestive of fire
fiery	adj.	very intense
fiesta	n.	an elaborate party (often outdoors)
fife	n.	a small high-pitched flute similar to a piccolo; has a shrill tone and is used chiefly to accompany drums in a marching band
fifo	n.	inventory accounting in which the oldest items (those first acquired) are assumed to be the first sold
fifteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one
fifteen	adj.	being one more than fourteen
fifteenth	n.	position 15 in a countable series of things
fifteenth	adj.	coming next after the fourteenth and just before the sixteenth in position
fifteenths	n.	position 15 in a countable series of things
fifth	n.	a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon
fifth	n.	position five in a countable series of things
fifth	n.	one part in five equal parts
fifth	n.	the musical interval between one note and another five notes away from it
fifth	adj.	coming next after the fourth and just before the sixth in position
fifths	n.	a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon
fifths	n.	position five in a countable series of things
fifths	n.	one part in five equal parts
fifths	n.	the musical interval between one note and another five notes away from it
fiftieth	n.	position 50 in a countable series of things
fiftieth	adj.	the ordinal number of fifty in counting order
fiftieths	n.	position 50 in a countable series of things
fifty	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five
fifty	n.	a United States bill worth 50 dollars
fifty	adj.	being ten more than forty
fig	n.	a diagram or picture illustrating textual material
fig	n.	Mediterranean tree widely cultivated for its edible fruit
fig	n.	a Libyan terrorist group organized in 1995 and aligned with al-Qaeda; seeks to radicalize the Libyan government; attempted to assassinate Qaddafi
fig	n.	fleshy sweet pear-shaped yellowish or purple multiple fruit eaten fresh or preserved or dried
fight	n.	a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war
fight	n.	the act of fighting; any contest or struggle
fight	n.	an aggressive willingness to compete
fight	n.	an intense verbal dispute
fight	n.	a boxing or wrestling match
fight	v.	be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight
fight	v.	fight against or resist strongly
fight	v.	make a strenuous or labored effort
fight	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
fighter	n.	someone who fights (or is fighting)
fighter	n.	a high-speed military or naval airplane designed to destroy enemy aircraft in the air
fighter	n.	someone who fights for a cause
fighting	n.	the act of fighting; any contest or struggle
fighting	v.	be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight
fighting	v.	fight against or resist strongly
fighting	v.	make a strenuous or labored effort
fighting	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
fighting	adj.	engaged in or ready for military or naval operations
figment	n.	a contrived or fantastic idea
figuration	n.	representing figuratively as by emblem or allegory
figuration	n.	decorating with a design
figurative	adj.	(used of the meanings of words or text) not literal; using figures of speech
figurative	adj.	consisting of or forming human or animal figures; ; - Herbert Read
figure	n.	a diagram or picture illustrating textual material
figure	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
figure	n.	one of the elements that collectively form a system of numeration
figure	n.	a model of a bodily form (especially of a person)
figure	n.	a well-known or notable person
figure	n.	a combination of points and lines and planes that form a visible palpable shape
figure	n.	an amount of money expressed numerically
figure	n.	the impression produced by a person
figure	n.	the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals
figure	n.	language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense
figure	n.	a unitary percept having structure and coherence that is the object of attention and that stands out against a ground
figure	n.	a decorative or artistic work
figure	n.	a predetermined set of movements in dancing or skating
figure	v.	judge to be probable
figure	v.	be or play a part of or in
figure	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
figure	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
figure	v.	understand
figurehead	n.	a person used as a cover for some questionable activity
figurehead	n.	figure on the bow of some sailing vessels
figurine	n.	a small carved or molded figure
fiji	n.	an independent state within the British Commonwealth located on the Fiji Islands
fijian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Fiji
fijian	n.	the Oceanic language spoken on Fiji
fijian	adj.	of or relating to Fiji or its people or language or culture
filament	n.	a very slender natural or synthetic fiber
filament	n.	the stalk of a stamen
filament	n.	a threadlike structure (as a chainlike series of cells)
filament	n.	a thin wire (usually tungsten) that is heated white hot by the passage of an electric current
filamentous	adj.	thin in diameter; resembling a thread
filbert	n.	small nut-bearing tree much grown in Europe
filbert	n.	nut of any of several trees of the genus Corylus
filch	v.	make off with belongings of others
file	n.	a set of related records (either written or electronic) kept together
file	n.	a line of persons or things ranged one behind the other
file	n.	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order
file	n.	a steel hand tool with small sharp teeth on some or all of its surfaces; used for smoothing wood or metal
file	v.	record in a public office or in a court of law
file	v.	smooth with a file
file	v.	proceed in line
file	v.	file a formal charge against
file	v.	place in a container for keeping records
filename	n.	(computer science) the name given to a computer file in order to distinguish it from other files; may contain an extension that indicates the type of file
filer	n.	a party who files a notice with a law court
filer	n.	a clerk who is employed to maintain the files of an organization
filet	n.	a boneless steak cut from the tenderloin of beef
filet	n.	a longitudinal slice or boned side of a fish
filet	n.	lace having a square mesh
filet	v.	decorate with a lace of geometric designs
filet	v.	cut into filets
filial	adj.	designating the generation or the sequence of generations following the parental generation
filial	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or befitting an offspring
filibuster	n.	a legislator who gives long speeches in an effort to delay or obstruct legislation that he (or she) opposes
filibuster	n.	(law) a tactic for delaying or obstructing legislation by making long speeches
filibuster	v.	obstruct deliberately by delaying
filibusterer	n.	a legislator who gives long speeches in an effort to delay or obstruct legislation that he (or she) opposes
filigree	n.	delicate and intricate ornamentation (usually in gold or silver or other fine twisted wire)
filigree	v.	make filigree, as with a precious metal
filigreeing	v.	make filigree, as with a precious metal
filings	n.	the entering of a legal document into the public record
filings	n.	a fragment rubbed off by the use of a file
filings	n.	the act of using a file (as in shaping or smoothing an object)
filings	n.	preservation and methodical arrangement as of documents and papers etc.
filipino	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Philippines
filipino	n.	official language of the Philippines; based on Tagalog; draws its lexicon from other Philippine languages
filipino	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Philippines or its people or customs
fill	n.	a quantity sufficient to satisfy
fill	n.	any material that fills a space or container
fill	v.	make full, also in a metaphorical sense
fill	v.	become full
fill	v.	occupy the whole of
fill	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
fill	v.	fill or meet a want or need
fill	v.	appoint someone to (a position or a job)
fill	v.	eat until one is sated
fill	v.	fill to satisfaction
fill	v.	plug with a substance
filled	v.	make full, also in a metaphorical sense
filled	v.	become full
filled	v.	occupy the whole of
filled	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
filled	v.	fill or meet a want or need
filled	v.	appoint someone to (a position or a job)
filled	v.	eat until one is sated
filled	v.	fill to satisfaction
filled	v.	plug with a substance
filled	adj.	(usually followed by `with' or used as a combining form) generously supplied with
filled	adj.	of purchase orders that have been filled
filled	adj.	(of time) taken up
filler	n.	used for filling cracks or holes in a surface
filler	n.	100 filler equal 1 forint in Hungary
filler	n.	copy to fill space between more important articles in the layout of a magazine or newspaper
filler	n.	anything added to fill out a whole
filler	n.	the tobacco used to form the core of a cigar
fillet	n.	a boneless steak cut from the tenderloin of beef
fillet	n.	a longitudinal slice or boned side of a fish
fillet	n.	a bundle of sensory nerve fibers going to the thalamus
fillet	n.	a narrow headband or strip of ribbon worn as a headband
fillet	n.	fastener consisting of a narrow strip of welded metal used to join steel members
fillet	v.	decorate with a lace of geometric designs
fillet	v.	cut into filets
filling	n.	any material that fills a space or container
filling	n.	flow into something (as a container)
filling	n.	a food mixture used to fill pastry or sandwiches etc.
filling	n.	the yarn woven across the warp yarn in weaving
filling	n.	(dentistry) a dental appliance consisting of any of various substances (as metal or plastic) inserted into a prepared cavity in a tooth
filling	n.	the act of filling something
filling	v.	make full, also in a metaphorical sense
filling	v.	become full
filling	v.	occupy the whole of
filling	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
filling	v.	fill or meet a want or need
filling	v.	appoint someone to (a position or a job)
filling	v.	eat until one is sated
filling	v.	fill to satisfaction
filling	v.	plug with a substance
fillip	n.	anything that tends to arouse
fillmore	n.	elected vice president and became the 13th President of the United States when Zachary Taylor died in office (1800-1874)
filly	n.	a young female horse under the age of four
film	n.	a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement
film	n.	a medium that disseminates moving pictures
film	n.	photographic material consisting of a base of celluloid covered with a photographic emulsion; used to make negatives or transparencies
film	n.	a thin coating or layer
film	n.	a thin sheet of (usually plastic and usually transparent) material used to wrap or cover things
film	v.	make a film or photograph of something
film	v.	record in film
filmmaker	n.	a producer of motion pictures
filmy	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
filter	n.	device that removes something from whatever passes through it
filter	n.	an electrical device that alters the frequency spectrum of signals passing through it
filter	v.	remove by passing through a filter
filter	v.	pass through
filter	v.	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream
filtered	v.	remove by passing through a filter
filtered	v.	pass through
filtered	v.	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream
filth	n.	any substance considered disgustingly foul or unpleasant
filth	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
filth	n.	a state characterized by foul or disgusting dirt and refuse
filth	n.	an offensive or indecent word or phrase
filthily	adv.	in a filthy unclean manner
filthiness	n.	a state characterized by foul or disgusting dirt and refuse
filthiness	n.	moral corruption or pollution
filthy	adj.	disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter
filthy	adj.	vile; despicable
filthy	adj.	characterized by obscenity
filtrate	n.	the product of filtration; a gas or liquid that has been passed through a filter
filtrate	v.	remove by passing through a filter
filtration	n.	the process whereby fluids pass through a filter or a filtering medium
filtration	n.	the act of changing a fluid by passing it through a filter
fin	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
fin	n.	one of a pair of decorations projecting above the rear fenders of an automobile
fin	n.	one of a set of parallel slats in a door or window to admit air and reject rain
fin	n.	a shoe for swimming; the paddle-like front is an aid in swimming (especially underwater)
fin	n.	a stabilizer on a ship that resembles the fin of a fish
fin	n.	organ of locomotion and balance in fishes and some other aquatic animals
fin	v.	equip (a car) with fins
fin	v.	propel oneself through the water in a finning motion
fin	v.	show the fins above the water while swimming
finagle	v.	achieve something by means of trickery or devious methods
finagler	n.	a deceiver who uses crafty misleading methods
final	n.	the final match between the winners of all previous matches in an elimination tournament
final	n.	an examination administered at the end of an academic term
final	adj.	occurring at or forming an end or termination
final	adj.	conclusive in a process or progression
final	adj.	not to be altered or undone
finale	n.	the closing section of a musical composition
finale	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
finale	n.	the concluding part of any performance
finalist	n.	a contestant who reaches the final stages of a competition
finality	n.	the quality of being final or definitely settled
finalization	n.	the act of finalizing
finalize	v.	make final; put the last touches on; put into final form
finance	n.	the commercial activity of providing funds and capital
finance	n.	the branch of economics that studies the management of money and other assets
finance	n.	the management of money and credit and banking and investments
finance	v.	obtain or provide money for
finance	v.	sell or provide on credit
financial	adj.	involving financial matters
financier	n.	a person skilled in large scale financial transactions
financier	v.	conduct financial operations, often in an unethical manner
financing	n.	the act of financing
financing	v.	obtain or provide money for
financing	v.	sell or provide on credit
finch	n.	any of numerous small songbirds with short stout bills adapted for crushing seeds
find	n.	a productive insight
find	n.	the act of discovering something
find	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
find	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
find	v.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost
find	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
find	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
find	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
find	v.	get something or somebody for a specific purpose
find	v.	make a discovery, make a new finding
find	v.	make a discovery
find	v.	obtain through effort or management
find	v.	decide on and make a declaration about
find	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
find	v.	perceive oneself to be in a certain condition or place
find	v.	get or find back; recover the use of
find	v.	succeed in reaching; arrive at
find	v.	accept and make use of one's personality, abilities, and situation
finder	n.	someone who comes upon something after searching
finder	n.	someone who is the first to observe something
finder	n.	optical device that helps a user to find the target of interest
finding	n.	the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculation
finding	n.	the decision of a court on issues of fact or law
finding	n.	something that is found
finding	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
finding	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
finding	v.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost
finding	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
finding	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
finding	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
finding	v.	get something or somebody for a specific purpose
finding	v.	make a discovery, make a new finding
finding	v.	make a discovery
finding	v.	obtain through effort or management
finding	v.	decide on and make a declaration about
finding	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
finding	v.	perceive oneself to be in a certain condition or place
finding	v.	get or find back; recover the use of
finding	v.	succeed in reaching; arrive at
finding	v.	accept and make use of one's personality, abilities, and situation
findings	n.	a collection of tools and other articles used by an artisan to make jewelry or clothing or shoes
findings	n.	the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculation
findings	n.	the decision of a court on issues of fact or law
findings	n.	something that is found
fine	n.	money extracted as a penalty
fine	v.	issue a ticket or a fine to as a penalty
fine	adj.	being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
fine	adj.	minutely precise especially in differences in meaning
fine	adj.	thin in thickness or diameter
fine	adj.	characterized by elegance or refinement or accomplishment
fine	adj.	of textures that are smooth to the touch or substances consisting of relatively small particles
fine	adj.	free from impurities; having a high or specified degree of purity
fine	adv.	an expression of agreement normally occurring at the beginning of a sentence
fine	adv.	in a delicate manner
finely	adv.	in tiny pieces
finely	adv.	in an elegant manner
finely	adv.	in a delicate manner
fineness	n.	the quality of being very good indeed
fineness	n.	the property of being very narrow or thin
fineness	n.	having a very fine texture
fineness	n.	the quality of being beautiful and delicate in appearance
finery	n.	elaborate or showy attire and accessories
finespun	adj.	developed with extreme delicacy and subtlety
finespun	adj.	developed in excessively fine detail
finesse	n.	subtly skillful handling of a situation
finger	n.	any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb)
finger	n.	the length of breadth of a finger used as a linear measure
finger	n.	one of the parts of a glove that provides covering for a finger or thumb
finger	v.	feel or handle with the fingers
finger	v.	examine by touch
finger	v.	search for on the computer
finger	v.	indicate the fingering for the playing of musical scores for keyboard instruments
fingerboard	n.	a guidepost resembling a hand with a pointing index finger
fingerboard	n.	a bank of keys on a musical instrument
fingerboard	n.	a narrow strip of wood on the neck of some stringed instruments (violin or cello or guitar etc) where the strings are held against the wood with the fingers
fingering	n.	the placement of the fingers for playing different notes (or sequences of notes) on a musical instrument
fingering	n.	touching something with the fingers
fingering	v.	feel or handle with the fingers
fingering	v.	examine by touch
fingering	v.	search for on the computer
fingering	v.	indicate the fingering for the playing of musical scores for keyboard instruments
fingerling	n.	a young or small fish
fingermark	n.	a smudge made by a (dirty) finger
fingernail	n.	the nail at the end of a finger
fingerprint	n.	a print made by an impression of the ridges in the skin of a finger; often used for biometric identification in criminal investigations
fingerprint	n.	a generic term for any identifying characteristic
fingerprint	n.	a smudge made by a (dirty) finger
fingerprint	v.	take an impression of a person's fingerprints
fingertip	n.	the end (tip) of a finger
finial	n.	an ornament at the top of a spire or gable; usually a foliated fleur-de-lis
finical	adj.	exacting especially about details
finicky	adj.	exacting especially about details
finis	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
finis	n.	the concluding part of any performance
finish	n.	a decorative texture or appearance of a surface (or the substance that gives it that appearance)
finish	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
finish	n.	a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; ; ; --Joseph Conrad
finish	n.	the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey)
finish	n.	designated event that concludes a contest (especially a race)
finish	n.	the downfall of someone (as of persons on one side of a conflict)
finish	n.	event whose occurrence ends something
finish	n.	(wine tasting) the taste of a wine on the back of the tongue (as it is swallowed)
finish	n.	the act of finishing
finish	v.	come or bring to a finish or an end
finish	v.	finally be or do something
finish	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
finish	v.	provide with a finish
finish	v.	finish eating all the food on one's plate or on the table
finish	v.	cause to finish a relationship with somebody
finished	v.	come or bring to a finish or an end
finished	v.	finally be or do something
finished	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
finished	v.	provide with a finish
finished	v.	finish eating all the food on one's plate or on the table
finished	v.	cause to finish a relationship with somebody
finished	adj.	(of materials or goods) brought to the desired final state
finished	adj.	ended or brought to an end
finished	adj.	(of skills or the products of skills) brought to or having the greatest excellence; perfected
finished	adj.	having a surface coating or finish applied
finished	adj.	brought to ruin
finisher	n.	(baseball) a relief pitcher who can protect a lead in the last inning or two of the game
finisher	n.	a racing driver who finishes a race
finisher	n.	a painter who applies a finishing coat
finisher	n.	a worker who performs the last step in a manufacturing process
finisher	n.	a race car that finishes a race
finisher	n.	an animal that wins in a contest of speed
finite	adj.	bounded or limited in magnitude or spatial or temporal extent
finite	adj.	of verbs; relating to forms of the verb that are limited in time by a tense and (usually) show agreement with number and person
fink	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
fink	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
fink	v.	confess to a punishable or reprehensible deed, usually under pressure
finland	n.	republic in northern Europe; achieved independence from Russia in 1917
finn	n.	a native or inhabitant of Finland
finnbogadottir	n.	former president of Iceland; first woman to be democratically elected head of state (born in 1930)
finned	v.	equip (a car) with fins
finned	v.	propel oneself through the water in a finning motion
finned	v.	show the fins above the water while swimming
finnish	n.	the official language of Finland; belongs to the Baltic Finnic family of languages
finnish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Finland or the people of Finland
fir	n.	nonresinous wood of a fir tree
fir	n.	any of various evergreen trees of the genus Abies; chiefly of upland areas
fire	n.	the event of something burning (often destructive)
fire	n.	the act of firing weapons or artillery at an enemy
fire	n.	the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke
fire	n.	a fireplace in which a relatively small fire is burning
fire	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
fire	n.	feelings of great warmth and intensity
fire	n.	fuel that is burning and is used as a means for cooking
fire	n.	a severe trial
fire	n.	intense adverse criticism
fire	v.	start firing a weapon
fire	v.	cause to go off
fire	v.	bake in a kiln so as to harden
fire	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
fire	v.	go off or discharge
fire	v.	drive out or away by or as if by fire
fire	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
fire	v.	destroy by fire
fire	v.	provide with fuel
firearm	n.	a portable gun
fireball	n.	an especially luminous meteor (sometimes exploding)
fireball	n.	a highly energetic and indefatigable person
fireball	n.	a ball of fire (such as the sun or a ball-shaped discharge of lightning)
fireball	n.	the luminous center of a nuclear explosion
firebase	n.	an artillery base to support advancing troops
firebomb	n.	a bomb that is designed to start fires; is most effective against flammable targets (such as fuel)
firebomb	v.	attack with incendiary bombs
firebox	n.	a furnace (as on a steam locomotive) in which fuel is burned
firebrand	n.	a piece of wood that has been burned or is burning
firebrand	n.	someone who deliberately foments trouble
firebreak	n.	a narrow field that has been cleared to check the spread of a prairie fire or forest fire
firebrick	n.	brick made of fire clay; used for lining e.g. furnaces and chimneys
firebug	n.	a criminal who illegally sets fire to property
firebug	n.	a true bug: brightly colored bug that can exude a stain
firecracker	n.	firework consisting of a small explosive charge and fuse in a heavy paper casing
firedamp	n.	a mixture of gases (mostly methane) that form in coal mines and become explosive when mixed with air
firefighter	n.	a member of a fire department who tries to extinguish fires
firefly	n.	tropical American click beetle having bright luminous spots
firefly	n.	nocturnal beetle common in warm regions having luminescent abdominal organs
fireguard	n.	a narrow field that has been cleared to check the spread of a prairie fire or forest fire
fireguard	n.	a metal screen before an open fire for protection (especially against flying sparks)
firehouse	n.	a station housing fire apparatus and firemen
firelight	n.	the light of a fire (especially in a fireplace)
fireman	n.	play in which children pretend to put out a fire
fireman	n.	a laborer who tends fires (as on a coal-fired train or steamship)
fireman	n.	a pitcher who does not start the game
fireman	n.	a member of a fire department who tries to extinguish fires
firemen	n.	play in which children pretend to put out a fire
firemen	n.	a laborer who tends fires (as on a coal-fired train or steamship)
firemen	n.	a pitcher who does not start the game
firemen	n.	a member of a fire department who tries to extinguish fires
fireplace	n.	an open recess in a wall at the base of a chimney where a fire can be built
fireplug	n.	an upright hydrant for drawing water to use in fighting a fire
firepower	n.	(military) the relative capacity for delivering fire on a target
fireproof	v.	make resistant to fire
fireproof	adj.	impervious to damage by fire
fireside	n.	an area near a fireplace (usually paved and extending out into a room)
fireside	n.	home symbolized as a part of the fireplace
firestone	n.	a piece of flint that is struck to light a fire
firestone	n.	a sandstone that withstands intense heat; used to line fireplaces and furnaces and kilns
firestorm	n.	a storm in which violent winds are drawn into the column of hot air rising over a severely bombed area
firestorm	n.	an outburst of controversy
firetrap	n.	a building that would be hard to escape from if it were to catch fire
firewall	n.	(colloquial) the application of maximum thrust
firewall	n.	(computing) a security system consisting of a combination of hardware and software that limits the exposure of a computer or computer network to attack from crackers; commonly used on local area networks that are connected to the internet
firewall	n.	a fireproof (or fire-resistant) wall designed to prevent the spread of fire through a building or a vehicle
firewater	n.	any strong spirits (such as strong whisky or rum)
firewood	n.	wood used for fuel
firework	n.	(usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc.
firm	n.	the members of a business organization that owns or operates one or more establishments
firm	v.	become taut or tauter
firm	v.	make taut or tauter
firm	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
firm	adj.	not soft or yielding to pressure
firm	adj.	strong and sure
firm	adj.	not subject to revision or change
firm	adj.	(of especially a person's physical features) not shaking or trembling
firm	adj.	not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall
firm	adj.	securely established
firm	adj.	possessing the tone and resiliency of healthy tissue
firm	adj.	securely fixed in place
firm	adj.	unwavering in devotion to friend or vow or cause; ; ; - Campaign song for William Henry Harrison
firm	adv.	with resolute determination
firmament	n.	the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
firmness	n.	the muscle tone of healthy tissue
firmness	n.	the trait of being resolute
firmness	n.	the property of being unyielding to the touch
firmness	n.	the quality of being steady or securely and immovably fixed in place
firmware	n.	(computer science) coded instructions that are stored permanently in read-only memory
first	n.	the first or highest in an ordering or series
first	n.	the first element in a countable series
first	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
first	n.	the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed at first of the bases in the infield (counting counterclockwise from home plate)
first	n.	an honours degree of the highest class
first	n.	the lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle; used to start a car moving
first	adj.	preceding all others in time or space or degree
first	adj.	indicating the beginning unit in a series
first	adj.	serving to set in motion
first	adj.	serving to begin
first	adj.	ranking above all others
first	adj.	highest in pitch or chief among parts or voices or instruments or orchestra sections
first	adv.	before anything else
first	adv.	the initial time
first	adv.	before another in time, space, or importance
first	adv.	prominently forward
firstborn	n.	the offspring who came first in the order of birth
firstborn	adj.	first in order of birth
firsthand	adj.	received directly from a source
firsthand	adv.	from the original source; directly
firth	n.	English linguist who contributed to linguistic semantics and to prosodic phonology and who was noted for his insistence on studying both sound and meaning in context (1890-1960)
firth	n.	a long narrow estuary (especially in Scotland)
firths	n.	English linguist who contributed to linguistic semantics and to prosodic phonology and who was noted for his insistence on studying both sound and meaning in context (1890-1960)
firths	n.	a long narrow estuary (especially in Scotland)
fiscal	adj.	involving financial matters
fischer	n.	German chemist noted for his synthesis of hemin (1881-1945)
fischer	n.	German chemist noted for work on synthetic sugars and the purines (1852-1919)
fischer	n.	United States chess master; world champion from 1972 to 1975 (born in 1943)
fish	n.	any of various mostly cold-blooded aquatic vertebrates usually having scales and breathing through gills
fish	n.	the flesh of fish used as food
fish	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Pisces
fish	n.	the twelfth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about February 19 to March 20
fish	v.	seek indirectly
fish	v.	catch or try to catch fish or shellfish
fishbowl	n.	a state of affairs in which you have no privacy
fishbowl	n.	a transparent bowl in which small fish are kept
fisher	n.	someone whose occupation is catching fish
fisher	n.	large dark brown North American arboreal carnivorous mammal
fisherman	n.	someone whose occupation is catching fish
fishermen	n.	someone whose occupation is catching fish
fishery	n.	a workplace where fish are caught and processed and sold
fishhook	n.	a sharp barbed hook for catching fish
fishily	adv.	in a questionably unusual manner
fishing	n.	the act of someone who fishes as a diversion
fishing	n.	the occupation of catching fish for a living
fishing	v.	seek indirectly
fishing	v.	catch or try to catch fish or shellfish
fishmonger	n.	someone who sells fish
fishnet	n.	a net that will enclose fish when it is pulled in
fishpond	n.	a freshwater pond with fish
fishtail	v.	slow down by moving the tail sideways
fishwife	n.	someone who sells fish
fishwives	n.	someone who sells fish
fishy	adj.	of or relating to or resembling fish
fishy	adj.	not as expected
fissile	adj.	capable of undergoing nuclear fission
fissile	adj.	capable of being split or cleft or divided in the direction of the grain
fission	n.	reproduction of some unicellular organisms by division of the cell into two more or less equal parts
fission	n.	a nuclear reaction in which a massive nucleus splits into smaller nuclei with the simultaneous release of energy
fissure	n.	a long narrow depression in a surface
fissure	n.	a long narrow opening
fissure	n.	(anatomy) a long narrow slit or groove that divides an organ into lobes
fissure	v.	break into fissures or fine cracks
fist	n.	a hand with the fingers clenched in the palm (as for hitting)
fistfight	n.	a fight with bare fists
fistfight	v.	fight with the fists
fistful	n.	the quantity that can be held in the hand
fisticuffs	n.	a fight with bare fists
fisticuffs	n.	fighting with the fists
fistula	n.	a chronic inflammation of the withers of a horse
fistula	n.	an abnormal passage leading from a suppurating cavity to the body surface
fistulous	adj.	of or pertaining to or resembling a fistula
fistulous	adj.	hollow and tube-shaped like a reed
fit	n.	a display of bad temper
fit	n.	a sudden uncontrollable attack
fit	n.	the manner in which something fits
fit	n.	a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason)
fit	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
fit	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
fit	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
fit	v.	make fit
fit	v.	insert or adjust several objects or people
fit	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
fit	v.	conform to some shape or size
fit	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
fit	v.	make correspond or harmonize
fit	adj.	meeting adequate standards for a purpose
fit	adj.	(usually followed by `to' or `for') on the point of or strongly disposed
fit	adj.	physically and mentally sound or healthy
fitch	n.	dark brown mustelid of woodlands of Eurasia that gives off an unpleasant odor when threatened
fitful	adj.	occurring in spells and often abruptly
fitful	adj.	intermittently stopping and starting
fitfulness	n.	the quality of being spasmodic and irregular
fitly	adv.	in an appropriate manner
fitment	n.	any of the items furnishing or equipping a room (especially built-in furniture)
fitness	n.	the quality of being suitable
fitness	n.	good physical condition; being in shape or in condition
fitness	n.	fitness to traverse the seas
fitness	n.	the quality of being qualified
fitted	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
fitted	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
fitted	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
fitted	v.	make fit
fitted	v.	insert or adjust several objects or people
fitted	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
fitted	v.	conform to some shape or size
fitted	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
fitted	v.	make correspond or harmonize
fitted	adj.	being the right size and shape to fit as desired
fitter	n.	someone who fits a garment to a particular person
fitter	adj.	improved in health or physical condition
fitter	adj.	meeting adequate standards for a purpose
fitter	adj.	(usually followed by `to' or `for') on the point of or strongly disposed
fitter	adj.	physically and mentally sound or healthy
fittest	adj.	meeting adequate standards for a purpose
fittest	adj.	(usually followed by `to' or `for') on the point of or strongly disposed
fittest	adj.	physically and mentally sound or healthy
fitting	n.	making or becoming suitable; adjusting to circumstances
fitting	n.	a small and often standardized accessory to a larger system
fitting	n.	(usually plural) furnishings and equipment (especially for a ship or hotel)
fitting	n.	putting clothes on to see whether they fit
fitting	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
fitting	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
fitting	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
fitting	v.	make fit
fitting	v.	insert or adjust several objects or people
fitting	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
fitting	v.	conform to some shape or size
fitting	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
fitting	v.	make correspond or harmonize
fitting	adj.	in harmony with the spirit of particular persons or occasion
fitting	adj.	being precisely fitting and right
fitzgerald	n.	English poet remembered primarily for his free translation of the poetry of Omar Khayyam (1809-1883)
fitzgerald	n.	United States author whose novels characterized the Jazz Age in the United States (1896-1940)
fitzgerald	n.	United States scat singer (1917-1996)
five	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
five	n.	a team that plays basketball
five	n.	a playing card or a domino or a die whose upward face shows five pips
five	adj.	being one more than four
fix	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
fix	n.	something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug
fix	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
fix	n.	an exemption granted after influence (e.g., money) is brought to bear
fix	n.	a determination of the place where something is
fix	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
fix	v.	cause to be firmly attached
fix	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
fix	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
fix	v.	take vengeance on or get even
fix	v.	set or place definitely
fix	v.	kill, preserve, and harden (tissue) in order to prepare for microscopic study
fix	v.	make fixed, stable or stationary
fix	v.	make infertile
fix	v.	influence an event or its outcome by illegal means
fix	v.	put (something somewhere) firmly
fix	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
fixate	v.	attach (oneself) to a person or thing in a neurotic way
fixate	v.	pay attention to exclusively and obsessively
fixate	v.	make fixed, stable or stationary
fixate	v.	become fixed (on)
fixation	n.	an abnormal state in which development has stopped prematurely
fixation	n.	an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone
fixation	n.	the activity of fastening something firmly in position
fixation	n.	(histology) the preservation and hardening of a tissue sample to retain as nearly as possible the same relations they had in the living body
fixative	n.	a compound (such as ethanol or formaldehyde) that fixes tissues and cells for microscopic study
fixative	n.	a varnish dissolved in alcohol and sprayed over pictures to prevent smudging
fixed	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
fixed	v.	cause to be firmly attached
fixed	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
fixed	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
fixed	v.	take vengeance on or get even
fixed	v.	set or place definitely
fixed	v.	kill, preserve, and harden (tissue) in order to prepare for microscopic study
fixed	v.	make fixed, stable or stationary
fixed	v.	make infertile
fixed	v.	influence an event or its outcome by illegal means
fixed	v.	put (something somewhere) firmly
fixed	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
fixed	adj.	(of a number) having a fixed and unchanging value
fixed	adj.	fixed and unmoving; ; - Connor Cruise O'Brien
fixed	adj.	securely placed or fastened or set
fixed	adj.	incapable of being changed or moved or undone; e.g.
fixer	n.	someone who intervenes with authorities for a person in trouble (usually using underhand or illegal methods for a fee)
fixer	n.	a chemical compound that sets or fixes something (as a dye or a photographic image)
fixer	n.	a skilled worker who mends or repairs things
fixer	n.	synthetic narcotic drug similar to morphine but less habit-forming; used in narcotic detoxification and maintenance of heroin addiction
fixings	n.	food that is a component of a mixture in cooking
fixings	n.	the accessories that normally accompany (something or some activity)
fixings	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
fixings	n.	restraint that attaches to something or holds something in place
fixings	n.	the sterilization of an animal
fixings	n.	(histology) the preservation and hardening of a tissue sample to retain as nearly as possible the same relations they had in the living body
fixity	n.	the quality of being fixed in place as by some firm attachment
fixity	n.	the quality of being incapable of mutation
fixture	n.	an object firmly fixed in place (especially in a household)
fixture	n.	a regular patron
fixture	n.	the quality of being fixed in place as by some firm attachment
fixture	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
fizz	n.	an effervescent beverage (usually alcoholic)
fizz	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
fizzle	n.	a fricative sound (especially as an expression of disapproval)
fizzle	n.	a complete failure
fizzle	v.	end weakly
fizzy	adj.	hissing and bubbling
fjord	n.	a long narrow inlet of the sea between steep cliffs; common in Norway
fl	n.	a state in southeastern United States between the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
flab	n.	loose or flaccid body fat
flabbergast	v.	overcome with amazement
flabbily	adv.	in a flabby manner
flabbiness	n.	a flabby softness
flabby	adj.	out of condition; not strong or robust; incapable of exertion or endurance
flaccid	adj.	drooping without elasticity; wanting in stiffness
flaccid	adj.	out of condition; not strong or robust; incapable of exertion or endurance
flaccidity	n.	a flabby softness
flack	n.	a slick spokesperson who can turn any criticism to the advantage of their employer
flack	n.	intense adverse criticism
flack	n.	artillery designed to shoot upward at airplanes
flag	n.	emblem usually consisting of a rectangular piece of cloth of distinctive design
flag	n.	a listing printed in all issues of a newspaper or magazine (usually on the editorial page) that gives the name of the publication and the names of the editorial staff, etc.
flag	n.	plants with sword-shaped leaves and erect stalks bearing bright-colored flowers composed of three petals and three drooping sepals
flag	n.	a rectangular piece of fabric used as a signalling device
flag	n.	flagpole used to mark the position of the hole on a golf green
flag	n.	stratified stone that splits into pieces suitable as paving stones
flag	n.	a conspicuously marked or shaped tail
flag	v.	communicate or signal with a flag
flag	v.	provide with a flag
flag	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
flag	v.	decorate with flags
flag	v.	become less intense
flagella	n.	a whip used to inflict punishment (often used for pedantic humor)
flagella	n.	a lash-like appendage used for locomotion (e.g., in sperm cells and some bacteria and protozoa)
flagellant	n.	a person who is whipped or whips himself for sexual gratification
flagellant	n.	a person who whips himself as a religious penance
flagellate	n.	a usually nonphotosynthetic free-living protozoan with whiplike appendages; some are pathogens of humans and other animals
flagellate	v.	whip
flagellate	adj.	having or resembling a lash or whip (as does a flagellum)
flagellation	n.	beating as a source of erotic or religious stimulation
flagellation	n.	beating with a whip or strap or rope as a form of punishment
flagellum	n.	a whip used to inflict punishment (often used for pedantic humor)
flagellum	n.	a lash-like appendage used for locomotion (e.g., in sperm cells and some bacteria and protozoa)
flagged	v.	communicate or signal with a flag
flagged	v.	provide with a flag
flagged	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
flagged	v.	decorate with flags
flagged	v.	become less intense
flagging	n.	flagstones collectively
flagging	n.	a walk of flagstones
flagging	v.	communicate or signal with a flag
flagging	v.	provide with a flag
flagging	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
flagging	v.	decorate with flags
flagging	v.	become less intense
flagging	adj.	weak from exhaustion
flagon	n.	a large metal or pottery vessel with a handle and spout; used to hold alcoholic beverages (usually wine)
flagpole	n.	surveying instrument consisting of a straight rod painted in bands of alternate red and white each one foot wide; used for sightings by surveyors
flagpole	n.	a tall staff or pole on which a flag is raised
flagrant	adj.	conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible
flagship	n.	the chief one of a related group
flagship	n.	the ship that carries the commander of a fleet and flies his flag
flagstaff	n.	a town in north central Arizona; site of an important observatory
flagstaff	n.	a tall staff or pole on which a flag is raised
flagstone	n.	stratified stone that splits into pieces suitable as paving stones
flail	n.	an implement consisting of handle with a free swinging stick at the end; used in manual threshing
flail	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
flail	v.	move like a flail; thresh about
flair	n.	a natural talent
flair	n.	distinctive and stylish elegance
flair	n.	a shape that spreads outward
flak	n.	a slick spokesperson who can turn any criticism to the advantage of their employer
flak	n.	intense adverse criticism
flak	n.	artillery designed to shoot upward at airplanes
flake	n.	a crystal of snow
flake	n.	a person with an unusual or odd personality
flake	n.	a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
flake	v.	form into flakes
flake	v.	cover with flakes or as if with flakes
flake	v.	come off in flakes or thin small pieces
flakiness	n.	informal terms for insanity
flakiness	n.	having or breaking into thin crisp flakes
flaky	adj.	made of or resembling flakes
flaky	adj.	made of or easily forming flakes
flaky	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
flambe	v.	pour liquor over and ignite (a dish)
flambeed	v.	pour liquor over and ignite (a dish)
flambeing	v.	pour liquor over and ignite (a dish)
flamboyance	n.	extravagant elaborateness
flamboyant	n.	showy tropical tree or shrub native to Madagascar; widely planted in tropical regions for its immense racemes of scarlet and orange flowers; sometimes placed in genus Poinciana
flamboyant	adj.	marked by ostentation but often tasteless
flamboyant	adj.	elaborately or excessively ornamented
flame	n.	the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke
flame	v.	shine with a sudden light
flame	v.	be in flames or aflame
flame	v.	criticize harshly, usually via an electronic medium
flamenco	n.	guitar music composed for dancing the flamenco
flamenco	n.	a style of dancing characteristic of the Andalusian Gypsies; vigorous and rhythmic with clapping and stamping of feet
flameproof	adj.	resistant to catching fire
flamethrower	n.	a weapon that squirts ignited fuel for several yards
flamingo	n.	large pink to scarlet web-footed wading bird with down-bent bill; inhabits brackish lakes
flammability	n.	the quality of being easily ignited and burning rapidly
flammable	adj.	easily ignited
flan	n.	open pastry filled with fruit or custard
flanders	n.	a medieval country in northern Europe that included regions now parts of northern France and Belgium and southwestern Netherlands
flange	n.	a projection used for strength or for attaching to another object
flank	n.	the side of military or naval formation
flank	n.	a subfigure consisting of a side of something
flank	n.	a cut from the fleshy part of an animal's side between the ribs and the leg
flank	n.	the side between ribs and hipbone
flank	v.	be located at the sides of something or somebody
flanker	n.	a back stationed wide of the scrimmage line; used as a pass receiver
flanker	n.	a soldier who is a member of a detachment assigned to guard the flanks of a military formation
flannel	n.	a soft light woolen fabric; used for clothing
flannel	n.	bath linen consisting of a piece of cloth used to wash the face and body
flannel	n.	(usually in the plural) trousers made of flannel or gabardine or tweed or white cloth
flannelette	n.	a cotton fabric imitating flannel
flap	n.	any broad thin and limber covering attached at one edge; hangs loose or projects freely
flap	n.	an excited state of agitation
flap	n.	the motion made by flapping up and down
flap	n.	a movable piece of tissue partly connected to the body
flap	n.	a movable airfoil that is part of an aircraft wing; used to increase lift or drag
flap	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
flap	v.	move noisily
flap	v.	move with a thrashing motion
flap	v.	move with a flapping motion
flap	v.	make a fuss; be agitated
flap	v.	pronounce with a flap, of alveolar sounds
flapjack	n.	a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle
flapped	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
flapped	v.	move noisily
flapped	v.	move with a thrashing motion
flapped	v.	move with a flapping motion
flapped	v.	make a fuss; be agitated
flapped	v.	pronounce with a flap, of alveolar sounds
flapper	n.	a young woman in the 1920s who flaunted her unconventional conduct and dress
flapping	n.	the motion made by flapping up and down
flapping	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
flapping	v.	move noisily
flapping	v.	move with a thrashing motion
flapping	v.	move with a flapping motion
flapping	v.	make a fuss; be agitated
flapping	v.	pronounce with a flap, of alveolar sounds
flare	n.	a shape that spreads outward
flare	n.	a sudden burst of flame
flare	n.	a burst of light used to communicate or illuminate
flare	n.	reddening of the skin spreading outward from a focus of infection or irritation
flare	n.	a sudden recurrence or worsening of symptoms
flare	n.	a sudden eruption of intense high-energy radiation from the sun's surface; associated with sunspots and radio interference
flare	n.	am unwanted reflection in an optical system (or the fogging of an image that is caused by such a reflection)
flare	n.	a sudden outburst of emotion
flare	n.	a device that produces a bright light for warning or illumination or identification
flare	n.	a short forward pass to a back who is running toward the sidelines
flare	n.	(baseball) a fly ball hit a short distance into the outfield
flare	v.	burn brightly
flare	v.	become flared and widen, usually at one end
flare	v.	shine with a sudden light
flare	v.	erupt or intensify suddenly
flash	n.	a sudden intense burst of radiant energy
flash	n.	a momentary brightness
flash	n.	a short vivid experience
flash	n.	a sudden brilliant understanding
flash	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
flash	n.	a gaudy outward display
flash	n.	a burst of light used to communicate or illuminate
flash	n.	a short news announcement concerning some on-going news story
flash	n.	a bright patch of color used for decoration or identification
flash	n.	a lamp for providing momentary light to take a photograph
flash	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
flash	v.	appear briefly
flash	v.	display proudly; act ostentatiously or pretentiously
flash	v.	make known or cause to appear with great speed
flash	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
flash	v.	expose or show briefly
flash	v.	protect by covering with a thin sheet of metal
flash	v.	emit a brief burst of light
flash	adj.	tastelessly showy
flashback	n.	a transition (in literary or theatrical works or films) to an earlier event or scene that interrupts the normal chronological development of the story
flashback	n.	an unexpected but vivid recurrence of a past experience (especially a recurrence of the effects of an hallucinogenic drug taken much earlier)
flashbulb	n.	a lamp for providing momentary light to take a photograph
flashcard	n.	a card with words or numbers or pictures that is flashed to a class by the teacher
flasher	n.	someone with a compulsive desire to expose the genitals
flasher	n.	an electrical device that automatically turns a lamp on and off (as for an advertising display)
flasher	n.	a light that flashes on and off; used as a signal or to send messages
flashgun	n.	a lamp for providing momentary light to take a photograph
flashily	adv.	in a meretricious manner
flashily	adv.	in a fancy colorful manner
flashiness	n.	tasteless showiness
flashing	n.	a short vivid experience
flashing	n.	sheet metal shaped and attached to a roof for strength and weatherproofing
flashing	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
flashing	v.	appear briefly
flashing	v.	display proudly; act ostentatiously or pretentiously
flashing	v.	make known or cause to appear with great speed
flashing	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
flashing	v.	expose or show briefly
flashing	v.	protect by covering with a thin sheet of metal
flashing	v.	emit a brief burst of light
flashlight	n.	a small portable battery-powered electric lamp
flashy	adj.	tastelessly showy
flashy	adj.	(used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display
flask	n.	bottle that has a narrow neck
flask	n.	the quantity a flask will hold
flat	n.	a level tract of land
flat	n.	a shallow box in which seedlings are started
flat	n.	a musical notation indicating one half step lower than the note named
flat	n.	freight car without permanent sides or roof
flat	n.	a deflated pneumatic tire
flat	n.	scenery consisting of a wooden frame covered with painted canvas; part of a stage setting
flat	n.	a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house
flat	adj.	having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another
flat	adj.	having a relatively broad surface in relation to depth or thickness
flat	adj.	not modified or restricted by reservations
flat	adj.	stretched out and lying at full length along the ground
flat	adj.	lacking contrast or shading between tones
flat	adj.	(of a musical note) lowered in pitch by one chromatic semitone
flat	adj.	flattened laterally along the whole length (e.g., certain leafstalks or flatfishes)
flat	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
flat	adj.	lacking stimulating characteristics; uninteresting
flat	adj.	having lost effervescence
flat	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
flat	adj.	horizontally level
flat	adj.	lacking the expected range or depth; not designed to give an illusion or depth
flat	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
flat	adj.	commercially inactive
flat	adv.	with flat sails
flat	adv.	in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly
flatbed	n.	freight car without permanent sides or roof
flatbed	n.	an open truck bed or trailer with no sides; used to carry large heavy objects
flatboat	n.	a flatbottom boat for carrying heavy loads (especially on canals)
flatbread	n.	any of various breads made from usually unleavened dough
flatcar	n.	freight car without permanent sides or roof
flatfeet	n.	a policeman who patrols a given region
flatfeet	n.	a foot afflicted with a fallen arch; abnormally flattened and spread out
flatfish	n.	sweet lean whitish flesh of any of numerous thin-bodied fish; usually served as thin fillets
flatfish	n.	any of several families of fishes having flattened bodies that swim along the sea floor on one side of the body with both eyes on the upper side
flatfoot	n.	a policeman who patrols a given region
flatfoot	n.	a foot afflicted with a fallen arch; abnormally flattened and spread out
flathead	n.	food fish of the Indonesian region of the Pacific; resembles gurnards
flathead	n.	pallid bottom-dwelling flat-headed fish with large eyes and a duck-like snout
flatiron	n.	an iron that was heated by placing it on a stove
flatlet	n.	a tiny flat
flatmate	n.	an associate who shares an apartment with you
flatness	n.	the property of having two dimensions
flatness	n.	a want of animation or brilliance
flatness	n.	a deficiency in flavor
flatness	n.	the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss
flatness	n.	inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy
flatten	v.	make flat or flatter
flatten	v.	become flat or flatter
flatten	v.	lower the pitch of (musical notes)
flatter	v.	praise somewhat dishonestly
flatter	adj.	having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another
flatter	adj.	having a relatively broad surface in relation to depth or thickness
flatter	adj.	not modified or restricted by reservations
flatter	adj.	stretched out and lying at full length along the ground
flatter	adj.	lacking contrast or shading between tones
flatter	adj.	(of a musical note) lowered in pitch by one chromatic semitone
flatter	adj.	flattened laterally along the whole length (e.g., certain leafstalks or flatfishes)
flatter	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
flatter	adj.	lacking stimulating characteristics; uninteresting
flatter	adj.	having lost effervescence
flatter	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
flatter	adj.	horizontally level
flatter	adj.	lacking the expected range or depth; not designed to give an illusion or depth
flatter	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
flatter	adj.	commercially inactive
flatterer	n.	a person who uses flattery
flattering	v.	praise somewhat dishonestly
flattering	adj.	showing or representing to advantage
flattery	n.	excessive or insincere praise
flattest	adj.	having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another
flattest	adj.	having a relatively broad surface in relation to depth or thickness
flattest	adj.	not modified or restricted by reservations
flattest	adj.	stretched out and lying at full length along the ground
flattest	adj.	lacking contrast or shading between tones
flattest	adj.	(of a musical note) lowered in pitch by one chromatic semitone
flattest	adj.	flattened laterally along the whole length (e.g., certain leafstalks or flatfishes)
flattest	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
flattest	adj.	lacking stimulating characteristics; uninteresting
flattest	adj.	having lost effervescence
flattest	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
flattest	adj.	horizontally level
flattest	adj.	lacking the expected range or depth; not designed to give an illusion or depth
flattest	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
flattest	adj.	commercially inactive
flattop	n.	a closely cropped haircut; usually for men
flattop	n.	a large warship that carries planes and has a long flat deck for takeoffs and landings
flatulence	n.	a state of excessive gas in the alimentary canal
flatulence	n.	pompously embellished language
flatulent	adj.	generating excessive gas in the alimentary canal
flatulent	adj.	suffering from excessive gas in the alimentary canal
flatus	n.	a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus
flatware	n.	tableware that is relatively flat and fashioned as a single piece
flatware	n.	silverware eating utensils
flatworm	n.	parasitic or free-living worms having a flattened body
flaubert	n.	French writer of novels and short stories (1821-1880)
flaunt	n.	the act of displaying something ostentatiously
flaunt	v.	display proudly; act ostentatiously or pretentiously
flaunting	v.	display proudly; act ostentatiously or pretentiously
flavor	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
flavor	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
flavor	n.	(physics) the six kinds of quarks
flavor	v.	lend flavor to
flavored	v.	lend flavor to
flavorful	adj.	full of flavor
flavoring	n.	something added to food primarily for the savor it imparts
flavoring	v.	lend flavor to
flavorless	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
flavorsome	adj.	full of flavor
flaw	n.	an imperfection in an object or machine
flaw	n.	defect or weakness in a person's character
flaw	n.	an imperfection in a plan or theory or legal document that causes it to fail or that reduces its effectiveness
flaw	v.	add a flaw or blemish to; make imperfect or defective
flawless	adj.	without a flaw
flawlessness	n.	the state of being without a flaw or defect
flax	n.	fiber of the flax plant that is made into thread and woven into linen fabric
flax	n.	plant of the genus Linum that is cultivated for its seeds and for the fibers of its stem
flay	v.	strip the skin off
flea	n.	any wingless bloodsucking parasitic insect noted for ability to leap
fleabag	n.	a run-down hotel
fleapit	n.	an old shabby movie theater
fleck	n.	a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
fleck	n.	a small contrasting part of something
fleck	v.	make a spot or mark onto
fledged	v.	feed, care for, and rear young birds for flight
fledged	v.	decorate with feathers
fledged	v.	grow feathers
fledged	adj.	(of birds) having developed feathers or plumage; often used in combination
fledged	adj.	(of an arrow) equipped with feathers
fledgling	n.	any new participant in some activity
fledgling	n.	young bird that has just fledged or become capable of flying
fledgling	adj.	(of a young bird) having acquired its flight feathers
fledgling	adj.	young and inexperienced
flee	v.	run away quickly
fleece	n.	the wool of a sheep or similar animal
fleece	n.	tanned skin of a sheep with the fleece left on; used for clothing
fleece	n.	a soft bulky fabric with deep pile; used chiefly for clothing
fleece	n.	outer coat of especially sheep and yaks
fleece	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
fleece	v.	shear the wool from
fleecy	adj.	(of fabrics) having soft nap produced by brushing
fleeing	v.	run away quickly
fleet	n.	group of aircraft operating together under the same ownership
fleet	n.	group of motor vehicles operating together under the same ownership
fleet	n.	a group of steamships operating together under the same ownership
fleet	n.	a group of warships organized as a tactical unit
fleet	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
fleet	v.	disappear gradually
fleet	adj.	moving very fast
fleetingness	n.	the property of lasting for a very short time
fleetness	n.	rapidity of movement
fleming	n.	British writer famous for writing spy novels about secret agent James Bond (1908-1964)
fleming	n.	Scottish bacteriologist who discovered penicillin (1881-1955)
fleming	n.	a native of Flanders or a Flemish-speaking Belgian
flemish	n.	an ethnic group speaking Flemish and living in northern and western Belgium
flemish	n.	one of two official languages of Belgium; closely related to Dutch
flemish	adj.	of or relating to Flanders or its people or language or culture
flesh	n.	the soft tissue of the body of a vertebrate: mainly muscle tissue and fat
flesh	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
flesh	n.	a soft moist part of a fruit
flesh	v.	remove adhering flesh from (hides) when preparing leather manufacture
fleshly	adj.	marked by the appetites and passions of the body
fleshy	adj.	usually describes a large person who is fat but has a large frame to carry it
fleshy	adj.	of or relating to or resembling flesh
fletcher	n.	prolific English dramatist who collaborated with Francis Beaumont and many other dramatists (1579-1625)
flew	v.	travel through the air; be airborne
flew	v.	move quickly or suddenly
flew	v.	operate an airplane
flew	v.	transport by aeroplane
flew	v.	cause to fly or float
flew	v.	be dispersed or disseminated
flew	v.	change quickly from one emotional state to another
flew	v.	pass away rapidly
flew	v.	travel in an airplane
flew	v.	display in the air or cause to float
flew	v.	run away quickly
flew	v.	travel over (an area of land or sea) in an aircraft
flew	v.	hit a fly
flew	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
flex	n.	the act of flexing
flex	v.	contract
flex	v.	exhibit the strength of
flex	v.	form a curve
flex	v.	bend a joint
flex	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
flexed	v.	contract
flexed	v.	exhibit the strength of
flexed	v.	form a curve
flexed	v.	bend a joint
flexed	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
flexibility	n.	the property of being flexible; easily bent or shaped
flexibility	n.	the quality of being adaptable or variable
flexibility	n.	the trait of being easily persuaded
flexible	adj.	capable of being changed
flexible	adj.	able to flex; able to bend easily
flexible	adj.	able to adjust readily to different conditions
flexible	adj.	bending and snapping back readily without breaking
flexible	adj.	making or willing to make concessions
flexibly	adv.	with flexibility
flexing	v.	contract
flexing	v.	exhibit the strength of
flexing	v.	form a curve
flexing	v.	bend a joint
flexing	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
flexion	n.	the state of being flexed (as of a joint)
flexion	n.	deviation from a straight or normal course
flexion	n.	act of bending a joint; especially a joint between the bones of a limb so that the angle between them is decreased
flibbertigibbet	n.	a female fool
flick	n.	a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible)
flick	n.	a short stroke
flick	n.	a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement
flick	v.	flash intermittently
flick	v.	look through a book or other written material
flick	v.	cause to move with a flick
flick	v.	throw or toss with a quick motion
flick	v.	shine unsteadily
flick	v.	twitch or flutter
flick	v.	cause to make a snapping sound
flick	v.	touch or hit with a light, quick blow
flick	v.	remove with a flick (of the hand)
flicker	n.	a momentary flash of light
flicker	n.	North American woodpecker
flicker	n.	the act of moving back and forth
flicker	v.	move back and forth very rapidly
flicker	v.	shine unsteadily
flicker	v.	flash intermittently
flier	n.	someone who travels by air
flier	n.	someone who operates an aircraft
flier	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
flight	n.	a formation of aircraft in flight
flight	n.	an instance of traveling by air
flight	n.	a stairway (set of steps) between one floor or landing and the next
flight	n.	the act of escaping physically
flight	n.	an air force unit smaller than a squadron
flight	n.	passing above and beyond ordinary bounds
flight	n.	the path followed by an object moving through space
flight	n.	a flock of flying birds
flight	n.	a scheduled trip by plane between designated airports
flight	v.	shoot a bird in flight
flight	v.	fly in a flock
flight	v.	decorate with feathers
flightiness	n.	the trait of acting unpredictably and more from whim or caprice than from reason or judgment
flightless	adj.	incapable of flying
flighty	adj.	guided by whim and fancy
flighty	adj.	unpredictably excitable (especially of horses)
flimflam	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
flimsily	adv.	in a weak and flimsy manner
flimsiness	n.	the property of weakness by virtue of careless construction
flimsy	n.	a thin strong lightweight translucent paper used especially for making carbon copies
flimsy	adj.	lacking solidity or strength
flimsy	adj.	not convincing
flimsy	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
flinch	n.	a reflex response to sudden pain
flinch	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
fling	n.	a usually brief attempt
fling	n.	a brief indulgence of your impulses
fling	n.	the act of flinging
fling	v.	throw with force or recklessness
fling	v.	move in an abrupt or headlong manner
fling	v.	indulge oneself
fling	v.	throw or cast away
flint	n.	a hard kind of stone; a form of silica more opaque than chalcedony
flint	n.	a river in western Georgia that flows generally south to join the Chattahoochee River at the Florida border where they form the Apalachicola River
flint	n.	a city in southeast central Michigan near Detroit; automobile manufacturing
flint	adj.	showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings
flintlock	n.	a muzzle loader that had a flintlock type of gunlock
flintlock	n.	an obsolete gunlock that has flint embedded in the hammer; the flint makes a spark that ignites the charge
flintstones	n.	pebbles of flint used in masonry construction
flinty	adj.	containing flint
flinty	adj.	showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings
flip	n.	an acrobatic feat in which the feet roll over the head (either forward or backward) and return
flip	n.	hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg
flip	n.	a sudden, quick movement
flip	n.	the act of flipping a coin
flip	n.	a dive in which the diver somersaults before entering the water
flip	n.	(sports) the act of throwing the ball to another member of your team
flip	v.	lightly throw to see which side comes up
flip	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
flip	v.	look through a book or other written material
flip	v.	toss with a sharp movement so as to cause to turn over in the air
flip	v.	cause to move with a flick
flip	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
flip	v.	move with a flick or light motion
flip	v.	turn upside down, or throw so as to reverse
flip	v.	react in an excited, delighted, or surprised way
flip	v.	go mad, go crazy
flip	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
flip	adj.	marked by casual disrespect
flippancy	n.	inappropriate levity
flippant	adj.	showing inappropriate levity
flipped	v.	lightly throw to see which side comes up
flipped	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
flipped	v.	look through a book or other written material
flipped	v.	toss with a sharp movement so as to cause to turn over in the air
flipped	v.	cause to move with a flick
flipped	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
flipped	v.	move with a flick or light motion
flipped	v.	turn upside down, or throw so as to reverse
flipped	v.	react in an excited, delighted, or surprised way
flipped	v.	go mad, go crazy
flipped	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
flipper	n.	a shoe for swimming; the paddle-like front is an aid in swimming (especially underwater)
flipper	n.	the flat broad limb of aquatic animals specialized for swimming
flipping	v.	lightly throw to see which side comes up
flipping	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
flipping	v.	look through a book or other written material
flipping	v.	toss with a sharp movement so as to cause to turn over in the air
flipping	v.	cause to move with a flick
flipping	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
flipping	v.	move with a flick or light motion
flipping	v.	turn upside down, or throw so as to reverse
flipping	v.	react in an excited, delighted, or surprised way
flipping	v.	go mad, go crazy
flipping	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
flirt	n.	a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men
flirt	n.	playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest
flirt	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
flirt	v.	behave carelessly or indifferently
flirtation	n.	playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest
flirtatious	adj.	like a coquette
flit	n.	a sudden quick movement
flit	n.	a secret move (to avoid paying debts)
flit	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
flitted	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
flitting	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
float	n.	the time interval between the deposit of a check in a bank and its payment
float	n.	the number of shares outstanding and available for trading by the public
float	n.	a drink with ice cream floating in it
float	n.	an elaborate display mounted on a platform carried by a truck (or pulled by a truck) in a procession or parade
float	n.	a hand tool with a flat face used for smoothing and finishing the surface of plaster or cement or stucco
float	n.	something that floats on the surface of water
float	n.	an air-filled sac near the spinal column in many fishes that helps maintain buoyancy
float	v.	be in motion due to some air or water current
float	v.	be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom
float	v.	set afloat
float	v.	circulate or discuss tentatively; test the waters with
float	v.	move lightly, as if suspended
float	v.	put into the water
float	v.	make the surface of level or smooth
float	v.	allow (currencies) to fluctuate
float	v.	convert from a fixed point notation to a floating point notation
floater	n.	spots before the eyes caused by opaque cell fragments in the vitreous humor and lens
floater	n.	a debt instrument with a variable interest rate tied to some other interest rate (e.g. the rate paid by T-bills)
floater	n.	a wanderer who has no established residence or visible means of support
floater	n.	an employee who is reassigned from job to job as needed
floater	n.	a voter who votes illegally at different polling places in the same election
floater	n.	a swimmer who floats in the water
floater	n.	an object that floats or is capable of floating
floater	n.	an insurance policy covering loss of movable property (e.g. jewelry) regardless of its location
flock	n.	a church congregation guided by a pastor
flock	n.	a group of birds
flock	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
flock	n.	an orderly crowd
flock	n.	a group of sheep or goats
flock	v.	move as a crowd or in a group
flock	v.	come together as in a cluster or flock
flocking	v.	move as a crowd or in a group
flocking	v.	come together as in a cluster or flock
floe	n.	a flat mass of ice (smaller than an ice field) floating at sea
flog	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
flog	v.	beat with a cane
flogged	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
flogged	v.	beat with a cane
flogger	n.	a torturer who flogs or scourges (especially an official whose duty is to whip offenders)
flogging	n.	beating with a whip or strap or rope as a form of punishment
flogging	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
flogging	v.	beat with a cane
flood	n.	the rising of a body of water and its overflowing onto normally dry land
flood	n.	an overwhelming number or amount
flood	n.	light that is a source of artificial illumination having a broad beam; used in photography
flood	n.	a large flow
flood	n.	the act of flooding; filling to overflowing
flood	n.	the occurrence of incoming water (between a low tide and the following high tide);  -Shakespeare
flood	v.	fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid
flood	v.	cover with liquid, usually water
flood	v.	supply with an excess of
flood	v.	become filled to overflowing
floodgate	n.	something that restrains a flood or outpouring
floodgate	n.	regulator consisting of a valve or gate that controls the rate of water flow through a sluice
floodlight	n.	light that is a source of artificial illumination having a broad beam; used in photography
floodlight	v.	illuminate with floodlights
floodlit	v.	illuminate with floodlights
floodlit	adj.	illuminated by means of floodlights
floodplain	n.	a low plain adjacent to a river that is formed chiefly of river sediment and is subject to flooding
floor	n.	the inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room, hallway, tent, or other structure)
floor	n.	a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale
floor	n.	a lower limit
floor	n.	the ground on which people and animals move about
floor	n.	the bottom surface of any lake or other body of water
floor	n.	the lower inside surface of any hollow structure
floor	n.	the occupants of a floor
floor	n.	the parliamentary right to address an assembly
floor	n.	the legislative hall where members debate and vote and conduct other business
floor	n.	a large room in a exchange where the trading is done
floor	v.	surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off
floor	v.	knock down with force
floorboard	n.	a board in the floor
floorboard	n.	the floor of an automobile
flooring	n.	the inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room, hallway, tent, or other structure)
flooring	n.	building material used in laying floors
flooring	v.	surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off
flooring	v.	knock down with force
floorwalker	n.	an employee of a retail store who supervises sales personnel and helps with customer problems
floozy	n.	a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets
flop	n.	an arithmetic operation performed on floating-point numbers
flop	n.	someone who is unsuccessful
flop	n.	a complete failure
flop	n.	the act of throwing yourself down
flop	v.	fall loosely
flop	v.	fall suddenly and abruptly
flop	v.	fail utterly; collapse
flop	adv.	with a flopping sound
flop	adv.	exactly
flophouse	n.	a cheap lodging house
flopped	v.	fall loosely
flopped	v.	fall suddenly and abruptly
flopped	v.	fail utterly; collapse
flopping	v.	fall loosely
flopping	v.	fall suddenly and abruptly
flopping	v.	fail utterly; collapse
floppy	n.	a small plastic magnetic disk enclosed in a stiff envelope with a radial slit; used to store data or programs for a microcomputer
floppy	adj.	hanging limply
flora	n.	all the plant life in a particular region or period
flora	n.	(botany) a living organism lacking the power of locomotion
floral	adj.	resembling or made of or suggestive of flowers
floral	adj.	relating to or associated with flowers
floral	adj.	of or relating to the plant life in a particular region
florence	n.	a city in central Italy on the Arno; provincial capital of Tuscany; center of the Italian Renaissance from 14th to 16th centuries
florence	n.	a town in northeast South Carolina; transportation center
florentine	n.	a native or resident of Florence, Italy
florentine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the city of Florence
florescence	n.	the time and process of budding and unfolding of blossoms
floret	n.	a diminutive flower (especially one that is part of a composite flower)
florid	adj.	elaborately or excessively ornamented
florid	adj.	inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life
florida	n.	a state in southeastern United States between the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
floridian	n.	a native or resident of Florida
floridness	n.	extravagant elaborateness
florin	n.	the basic unit of money in Suriname; equal to 100 cents
florin	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in the Netherlands; equal to 100 cents
florist	n.	someone who grows and deals in flowers
florist	n.	a shop where flowers and ornamental plants are sold
flory	n.	United States chemist who developed methods for studying long-chain molecules (1910-1985)
floss	n.	a soft loosely twisted thread used in embroidery
floss	n.	a soft thread for cleaning the spaces between the teeth
floss	v.	use dental floss to clean
flossy	adj.	like down or as soft as down
flotation	n.	the phenomenon of floating (remaining on the surface of a liquid without sinking)
flotation	n.	financing a commercial enterprise by bond or stock shares
flotilla	n.	a United States Navy fleet consisting of two or more squadrons of small warships
flotilla	n.	a fleet of small craft
flotsam	n.	the floating wreckage of a ship
flounce	n.	a strip of pleated material used as a decoration or a trim
flounce	n.	the act of walking with exaggerated jerky motions
flounce	v.	walk emphatically
flounder	n.	flesh of any of various American and European flatfish
flounder	n.	any of various European and non-European marine flatfish
flounder	v.	walk with great difficulty
flounder	v.	behave awkwardly; have difficulties
flour	n.	fine powdery foodstuff obtained by grinding and sifting the meal of a cereal grain
flour	v.	cover with flour
flour	v.	convert grain into flour
flourish	n.	a showy gesture
flourish	n.	an ornamental embellishment in writing
flourish	n.	a display of ornamental speech or language
flourish	n.	the act of waving
flourish	n.	(music) a short lively tune played on brass instruments
flourish	v.	grow vigorously
flourish	v.	make steady progress; be at the high point in one's career or reach a high point in historical significance or importance
flourish	v.	move or swing back and forth
floury	adj.	resembling flour in fine powdery texture
flout	v.	treat with contemptuous disregard
flout	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
flouter	n.	someone who jeers or mocks or treats something with contempt or calls out in derision
flow	n.	the motion characteristic of fluids (liquids or gases)
flow	n.	the amount of fluid that flows in a given time
flow	n.	the act of flowing or streaming; continuous progression
flow	n.	any uninterrupted stream or discharge
flow	n.	something that resembles a flowing stream in moving continuously
flow	n.	dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas
flow	n.	the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause; ; --Hippocrates; --Aristotle
flow	v.	move or progress freely as if in a stream
flow	v.	move along, of liquids
flow	v.	cause to flow
flow	v.	be abundantly present
flow	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
flow	v.	cover or swamp with water
flow	v.	undergo menstruation
flowchart	n.	a diagram of the sequence of operations in a computer program or an accounting system
flower	n.	a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
flower	n.	reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts
flower	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
flower	v.	produce or yield flowers
flowerbed	n.	a bed in which flowers are growing
flowering	n.	the time and process of budding and unfolding of blossoms
flowering	n.	a developmental process
flowering	v.	produce or yield flowers
flowering	adj.	having a flower or bloom
flowerless	adj.	without flower or bloom and not producing seeds
flowerpot	n.	a container in which plants are cultivated
flowers	n.	a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
flowers	n.	reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially one having showy or colorful parts
flowers	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
flowers	v.	produce or yield flowers
flowery	adj.	of or relating to or suggestive of flowers
flowery	adj.	marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details; ; -John Milton
flown	v.	travel through the air; be airborne
flown	v.	move quickly or suddenly
flown	v.	operate an airplane
flown	v.	transport by aeroplane
flown	v.	cause to fly or float
flown	v.	be dispersed or disseminated
flown	v.	change quickly from one emotional state to another
flown	v.	pass away rapidly
flown	v.	travel in an airplane
flown	v.	display in the air or cause to float
flown	v.	run away quickly
flown	v.	travel over (an area of land or sea) in an aircraft
flown	v.	hit a fly
flown	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
flu	n.	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease
flub	n.	an embarrassing mistake
flub	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
flubbed	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
flubbing	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
fluctuate	v.	cause to fluctuate or move in a wavelike pattern
fluctuate	v.	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern
fluctuate	v.	be unstable
fluctuation	n.	a wave motion
fluctuation	n.	an instance of change; the rate or magnitude of change
fluctuation	n.	the quality of being unsteady and subject to changes
flue	n.	flat bladelike projection on the arm of an anchor
flue	n.	organ pipe whose tone is produced by air passing across the sharp edge of a fissure or lip
flue	n.	a conduit to carry off smoke
fluency	n.	powerful and effective language
fluency	n.	skillfulness in speaking or writing
fluency	n.	the quality of being facile in speech and writing
fluent	adj.	smooth and unconstrained in movement
fluent	adj.	expressing yourself readily, clearly, effectively
fluff	n.	any light downy material
fluff	n.	something of little value or significance
fluff	n.	a blunder (especially an actor's forgetting the lines)
fluff	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
fluff	v.	erect or fluff up
fluff	v.	ruffle (one's hair) by combing the ends towards the scalp, for a full effect
fluffiness	n.	a light softness
fluffy	adj.	like down or as soft as down
fluid	n.	a substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure
fluid	n.	continuous amorphous matter that tends to flow and to conform to the outline of its container: a liquid or a gas
fluid	adj.	subject to change; variable
fluid	adj.	characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape
fluid	adj.	smooth and unconstrained in movement
fluid	adj.	in cash or easily convertible to cash
fluid	adj.	affording change (especially in social status)
fluidity	n.	the property of flowing easily
fluidity	n.	a changeable quality
fluke	n.	a stroke of luck
fluke	n.	a barb on a harpoon or arrow
fluke	n.	flat bladelike projection on the arm of an anchor
fluke	n.	either of the two lobes of the tail of a cetacean
fluke	n.	parasitic flatworms having external suckers for attaching to a host
fluky	adj.	subject to accident or chance or change
flume	n.	a narrow gorge with a stream running through it
flume	n.	watercourse that consists of an open artificial chute filled with water for power or for carrying logs
flummox	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
flung	v.	throw with force or recklessness
flung	v.	move in an abrupt or headlong manner
flung	v.	indulge oneself
flung	v.	throw or cast away
flunk	n.	failure to reach a minimum required performance
flunk	v.	fail to get a passing grade
flunky	n.	a male servant (especially a footman)
flunky	n.	a person of unquestioning obedience
fluoresce	v.	exhibit or undergo fluorescence
fluorescence	n.	light emitted during absorption of radiation of some other (invisible) wavelength
fluorescent	n.	a lighting fixture that uses a fluorescent lamp
fluorescent	adj.	emitting light during exposure to radiation from an external source
fluorescent	adj.	brilliantly colored and apparently giving off light
fluoridate	v.	subject to fluoridation; treat with fluoride
fluoridation	n.	the addition of a fluoride to the water supply (to prevent dental decay)
fluoride	n.	a salt of hydrofluoric acid
fluorine	n.	a nonmetallic univalent element belonging to the halogens; usually a yellow irritating toxic flammable gas; a powerful oxidizing agent; recovered from fluorite or cryolite or fluorapatite
fluorite	n.	a soft mineral (calcium fluoride) that is fluorescent in ultraviolet light; chief source of fluorine
fluorocarbon	n.	a halocarbon in which some hydrogen atoms have been replaced by fluorine; used in refrigerators and aerosols
fluoroscope	n.	an X-ray machine that combines an X-ray source and a fluorescent screen to enable direct observation
fluoxetine	n.	a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade names Prozac or Sarafem); it is thought to work by increasing the activity of serotonin in the brain
flurry	n.	a rapid active commotion
flurry	n.	a light brief snowfall and gust of wind (or something resembling that)
flurry	v.	move in an agitated or confused manner
flurry	v.	cause to feel embarrassment
flush	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
flush	n.	a rosy color (especially in the cheeks) taken as a sign of good health
flush	n.	sudden brief sensation of heat (associated with menopause and some mental disorders)
flush	n.	a poker hand with all 5 cards in the same suit
flush	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
flush	n.	a sudden rapid flow (as of water)
flush	n.	sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or modesty)
flush	v.	turn red, as if in embarrassment or shame
flush	v.	flow freely
flush	v.	glow or cause to glow with warm color or light
flush	v.	make level or straight
flush	v.	rinse, clean, or empty with a liquid
flush	v.	irrigate with water from a sluice
flush	v.	cause to flow or flood with or as if with water
flush	adj.	of a surface exactly even with an adjoining one, forming the same plane
flush	adj.	having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value
flush	adv.	squarely or solidly
flush	adv.	in the same plane
fluster	n.	a disposition that is confused or nervous and upset
fluster	v.	be flustered; behave in a confused manner
fluster	v.	cause to be nervous or upset
flute	n.	a high-pitched woodwind instrument; a slender tube closed at one end with finger holes on one end and an opening near the closed end across which the breath is blown
flute	n.	a tall narrow wineglass
flute	n.	a groove or furrow in cloth etc (particularly a shallow concave groove on the shaft of a column)
flute	v.	form flutes in
fluting	n.	a groove or furrow in cloth etc (particularly a shallow concave groove on the shaft of a column)
fluting	v.	form flutes in
flutist	n.	someone who plays the flute
flutter	n.	the act of moving back and forth
flutter	n.	abnormally rapid beating of the auricles of the heart (especially in a regular rhythm); can result in heart block
flutter	n.	a disorderly outburst or tumult
flutter	n.	the motion made by flapping up and down
flutter	v.	move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart
flutter	v.	move back and forth very rapidly
flutter	v.	flap the wings rapidly or fly with flapping movements
flutter	v.	beat rapidly
flutter	v.	wink briefly
fluvial	adj.	of or relating to or happening in a river
flux	n.	the rate of flow of energy or particles across a given surface
flux	n.	a flow or discharge
flux	n.	a substance added to molten metals to bond with impurities that can then be readily removed
flux	n.	excessive discharge of liquid from a cavity or organ (as in watery diarrhea)
flux	n.	a state of uncertainty about what should be done (usually following some important event) preceding the establishment of a new direction of action
flux	n.	the lines of force surrounding a permanent magnet or a moving charged particle
flux	n.	(physics) the number of changes in energy flow across a given surface per unit area
flux	n.	in constant change
flux	v.	move or progress freely as if in a stream
flux	v.	become liquid or fluid when heated
flux	v.	mix together different elements
fluxed	v.	move or progress freely as if in a stream
fluxed	v.	become liquid or fluid when heated
fluxed	v.	mix together different elements
fluxing	v.	move or progress freely as if in a stream
fluxing	v.	become liquid or fluid when heated
fluxing	v.	mix together different elements
fly	n.	two-winged insects characterized by active flight
fly	n.	flap consisting of a piece of canvas that can be drawn back to provide entrance to a tent
fly	n.	an opening in a garment that is closed by a zipper or by buttons concealed under a fold of cloth
fly	n.	(baseball) a hit that flies up in the air
fly	n.	fisherman's lure consisting of a fishhook decorated to look like an insect
fly	v.	travel through the air; be airborne
fly	v.	move quickly or suddenly
fly	v.	operate an airplane
fly	v.	transport by aeroplane
fly	v.	cause to fly or float
fly	v.	be dispersed or disseminated
fly	v.	change quickly from one emotional state to another
fly	v.	pass away rapidly
fly	v.	travel in an airplane
fly	v.	display in the air or cause to float
fly	v.	run away quickly
fly	v.	travel over (an area of land or sea) in an aircraft
fly	v.	hit a fly
fly	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
fly	adj.	(British informal) not to be deceived or hoodwinked
flyaway	adj.	guided by whim and fancy
flyaway	adj.	(of hair or clothing) worn loose
flyblown	adj.	spoiled and covered with eggs and larvae of flies
flyblown	adj.	foul and run-down and repulsive
flyblown	adj.	especially of reputation
flycatcher	n.	any of a large group of small songbirds that feed on insects taken on the wing
flycatcher	n.	large American birds that characteristically catch insects on the wing
flying	n.	an instance of traveling by air
flying	v.	travel through the air; be airborne
flying	v.	move quickly or suddenly
flying	v.	operate an airplane
flying	v.	transport by aeroplane
flying	v.	cause to fly or float
flying	v.	be dispersed or disseminated
flying	v.	change quickly from one emotional state to another
flying	v.	pass away rapidly
flying	v.	travel in an airplane
flying	v.	display in the air or cause to float
flying	v.	run away quickly
flying	v.	travel over (an area of land or sea) in an aircraft
flying	v.	hit a fly
flying	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
flying	adj.	moving swiftly
flying	adj.	hurried and brief
flyleaf	n.	a blank leaf in the front or back of a book
flyleaves	n.	a blank leaf in the front or back of a book
flyover	n.	bridge formed by the upper level of a crossing of two highways at different levels
flyover	n.	a flight at a low altitude (usually of military aircraft) over spectators on the ground
flypaper	n.	paper that is poisoned or coated with a sticky substance to kill flies
flypast	n.	a flight at a low altitude (usually of military aircraft) over spectators on the ground
flyspeck	n.	a tiny dark speck made by the excrement of a fly
flyspeck	adj.	very small
flyswatter	n.	an implement with a flat part (of mesh or plastic) and a long handle; used to kill insects
flytrap	n.	a trap for catching flies
flyway	n.	the geographic route along which birds customarily migrate
flyweight	n.	weighs no more than 115 pounds
flyweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 112 pounds
flywheel	n.	regulator consisting of a heavy wheel that stores kinetic energy and smooths the operation of a reciprocating engine
fm	n.	modulation of the frequency of the (radio) carrier wave
fm	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element produced by bombarding plutonium with neutrons
fmri	n.	a form of magnetic resonance imaging of the brain that registers blood flow to functioning areas of the brain
fnma	n.	a federally chartered corporation that purchases mortgages
foal	n.	a young horse
foal	v.	give birth to a foal
foam	n.	a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid
foam	n.	a lightweight material in cellular form; made by introducing gas bubbles during manufacture
foam	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
foaminess	n.	the property of being foamy
foamy	adj.	producing or covered with lathery sweat or saliva from exhaustion or disease
foamy	adj.	emitting or filled with bubbles as from carbonation or fermentation
fob	n.	a vest pocket to hold a pocket watch
fob	n.	an adornment that hangs from a watch chain
fob	n.	short chain or ribbon attaching a pocket watch to a man's vest
fob	v.	deceive somebody
fobbed	v.	deceive somebody
fobbing	v.	deceive somebody
focal	adj.	having or localized centrally at a focus
focal	adj.	of or relating to a focus
focus	n.	the concentration of attention or energy on something
focus	n.	maximum clarity or distinctness of an image rendered by an optical system
focus	n.	maximum clarity or distinctness of an idea
focus	n.	a central point or locus of an infection in an organism
focus	n.	special emphasis attached to something
focus	n.	a point of convergence of light (or other radiation) or a point from which it diverges
focus	n.	a fixed reference point on the concave side of a conic section
focus	v.	direct one's attention on something
focus	v.	cause to converge on or toward a central point
focus	v.	bring into focus or alignment; to converge or cause to converge; of ideas or emotions
focus	v.	become focussed or come into focus
focus	v.	put (an image) into focus
focused	v.	direct one's attention on something
focused	v.	cause to converge on or toward a central point
focused	v.	bring into focus or alignment; to converge or cause to converge; of ideas or emotions
focused	v.	become focussed or come into focus
focused	v.	put (an image) into focus
focused	adj.	being in focus or brought into focus
focused	adj.	(of light rays) converging on a point
focused	adj.	of an optical system (e.g. eye or opera glasses) adjusted to produce a clear image
fodder	n.	soldiers who are regarded as expendable in the face of artillery fire
fodder	n.	coarse food (especially for livestock) composed of entire plants or the leaves and stalks of a cereal crop
fodder	v.	give fodder (to domesticated animals)
foe	n.	an armed adversary (especially a member of an opposing military force)
foe	n.	a personal enemy
fog	n.	droplets of water vapor suspended in the air near the ground
fog	n.	an atmosphere in which visibility is reduced because of a cloud of some substance
fog	n.	confusion characterized by lack of clarity
fog	v.	make less visible or unclear
fogbound	adj.	enveloped in fog
fogged	v.	make less visible or unclear
fogged	adj.	obscured by fog
fogginess	n.	an atmosphere in which visibility is reduced because of a cloud of some substance
fogginess	n.	the quality of being indistinct and without sharp outlines
fogging	v.	make less visible or unclear
foggy	adj.	stunned or confused and slow to react (as from blows or drunkenness or exhaustion)
foggy	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
foggy	adj.	filled or abounding with fog or mist
foggy	adj.	obscured by fog
foghorn	n.	a loud low warning signal that can be heard by fogbound ships
foghorn	n.	a warning device consisting of a horn that generates a loud low tone
fogy	n.	someone whose style is out of fashion
fogyish	adj.	(used pejoratively) out of fashion; old fashioned
foible	n.	a behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual
foible	n.	the weaker part of a sword's blade from the forte to the tip
foil	n.	a piece of thin and flexible sheet metal
foil	n.	anything that serves by contrast to call attention to another thing's good qualities
foil	n.	a device consisting of a flat or curved piece (as a metal plate) so that its surface reacts to the water it is passing through
foil	n.	picture consisting of a positive photograph or drawing on a transparent base; viewed with a projector
foil	n.	a light slender flexible sword tipped by a button
foil	v.	enhance by contrast
foil	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
foil	v.	cover or back with foil
foist	v.	to force onto another
foist	v.	insert surreptitiously or without warrant
fold	n.	an angular or rounded shape made by folding
fold	n.	a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church
fold	n.	a geological process that causes a bend in a stratum of rock
fold	n.	a group of sheep or goats
fold	n.	a folded part (as in skin or muscle)
fold	n.	a pen for sheep
fold	n.	the act of folding
fold	v.	bend or lay so that one part covers the other
fold	v.	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating
fold	v.	cease to operate or cause to cease operating
fold	v.	confine in a fold, like sheep
fold	v.	become folded or folded up
foldaway	adj.	capable of being folded up and stored
folder	n.	a small book usually having a paper cover
folder	n.	covering that is folded over to protect the contents
foldout	n.	an oversize page that is folded in to a book or magazine
foliage	n.	the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants
foliage	n.	(architecture) leaf-like architectural ornament
folio	n.	the system of numbering pages
folio	n.	a sheet of any written or printed material (especially in a manuscript or book)
folio	n.	a book (or manuscript) consisting of large sheets of paper folded in the middle to make two leaves or four pages
folk	n.	people in general (often used in the plural)
folk	n.	a social division of (usually preliterate) people
folk	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
folk	n.	the traditional and typically anonymous music that is an expression of the life of people in a community
folklore	n.	the unwritten lore (stories and proverbs and riddles and songs) of a culture
folksy	adj.	characteristic of country life
folksy	adj.	very informal and familiar
folktale	n.	a tale circulated by word of mouth among the common folk
follicle	n.	any small spherical group of cells containing a cavity
follow	v.	to travel behind, go after, come after
follow	v.	be later in time
follow	v.	come as a logical consequence; follow logically
follow	v.	travel along a certain course
follow	v.	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes
follow	v.	come after in time, as a result
follow	v.	behave in accordance or in agreement with
follow	v.	be next
follow	v.	choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans
follow	v.	to bring something about at a later time than
follow	v.	imitate in behavior; take as a model
follow	v.	follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something
follow	v.	follow with the eyes or the mind
follow	v.	be the successor (of)
follow	v.	perform an accompaniment to
follow	v.	keep informed
follow	v.	to be the product or result
follow	v.	accept and follow the leadership or command or guidance of
follow	v.	adhere to or practice
follow	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
follow	v.	keep under surveillance
follow	v.	follow in or as if in pursuit
follow	v.	grasp the meaning
follow	v.	keep to
follower	n.	a person who accepts the leadership of another
follower	n.	someone who travels behind or pursues another
following	n.	a group of followers or enthusiasts
following	n.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture
following	v.	to travel behind, go after, come after
following	v.	be later in time
following	v.	come as a logical consequence; follow logically
following	v.	travel along a certain course
following	v.	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes
following	v.	come after in time, as a result
following	v.	behave in accordance or in agreement with
following	v.	be next
following	v.	choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans
following	v.	to bring something about at a later time than
following	v.	imitate in behavior; take as a model
following	v.	follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something
following	v.	follow with the eyes or the mind
following	v.	be the successor (of)
following	v.	perform an accompaniment to
following	v.	keep informed
following	v.	to be the product or result
following	v.	accept and follow the leadership or command or guidance of
following	v.	adhere to or practice
following	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
following	v.	keep under surveillance
following	v.	follow in or as if in pursuit
following	v.	grasp the meaning
following	v.	keep to
following	adj.	about to be mentioned or specified
following	adj.	immediately following in time or order
following	adj.	going or proceeding or coming after in the same direction
following	adj.	in the desired direction
followup	n.	a piece of work that exploits or builds on earlier work
followup	n.	an activity that continues something that has already begun or that repeats something that has already been done
followup	n.	a subsequent examination of a patient for the purpose of monitoring earlier treatment
folly	n.	the trait of acting stupidly or rashly
folly	n.	a stupid mistake
folly	n.	the quality of being rash and foolish
folly	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
foment	v.	try to stir up public opinion
foment	v.	bathe with warm water or medicated lotions
fomentation	n.	a substance used as a warm moist medicinal compress or poultice
fomentation	n.	application of warm wet coverings to a part of the body to relieve pain and inflammation
fomentation	n.	deliberate and intentional triggering (of trouble or discord)
fond	adj.	having or displaying warmth or affection
fond	adj.	extravagantly or foolishly loving and indulgent
fond	adj.	(followed by `of' or `to') having a strong preference or liking for
fond	adj.	absurd or silly because unlikely
fonda	n.	United States film actress and daughter of Henry Fonda (born in 1937)
fonda	n.	United States film actor (1905-1982)
fondant	n.	candy made of a thick creamy sugar paste
fondle	v.	touch or stroke lightly in a loving or endearing manner
fondness	n.	a predisposition to like something
fondness	n.	a positive feeling of liking
fondness	n.	a quality proceeding from feelings of affection or love
fondue	n.	cubes of meat or seafood cooked in hot oil and then dipped in any of various sauces
fondue	n.	hot cheese or chocolate melted to the consistency of a sauce into which bread or fruits are dipped
font	n.	a specific size and style of type within a type family
font	n.	bowl for baptismal water
fontanel	n.	any membranous gap between the bones of the cranium in an infant or fetus
food	n.	any substance that can be metabolized by an animal to give energy and build tissue
food	n.	any solid substance (as opposed to liquid) that is used as a source of nourishment
food	n.	anything that provides mental stimulus for thinking
foodie	n.	a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
foodstuff	n.	(usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer
foodstuff	n.	a substance that can be used or prepared for use as food
fool	n.	a person who lacks good judgment
fool	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
fool	n.	a professional clown employed to entertain a king or nobleman in the Middle Ages
fool	v.	make a fool or dupe of
fool	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
fool	v.	fool or hoax
fool	v.	indulge in horseplay
foolery	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
foolhardiness	n.	the trait of giving little thought to danger
foolhardy	adj.	marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences; ; -Macaulay
foolish	adj.	devoid of good sense or judgment
foolish	adj.	having or revealing stupidity
foolishness	n.	the trait of acting stupidly or rashly
foolishness	n.	the quality of being rash and foolish
foolishness	n.	a stupid mistake
foolproof	v.	proof against human misuse or error
foolproof	adj.	not liable to failure
foolscap	n.	a size of paper used especially in Britain
foot	n.	the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint
foot	n.	a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard
foot	n.	the lower part of anything
foot	n.	the pedal extremity of vertebrates other than human beings
foot	n.	lowest support of a structure
foot	n.	any of various organs of locomotion or attachment in invertebrates
foot	n.	travel by walking
foot	n.	a member of a surveillance team who works on foot or rides as a passenger
foot	n.	an army unit consisting of soldiers who fight on foot
foot	n.	(prosody) a group of 2 or 3 syllables forming the basic unit of poetic rhythm
foot	n.	a support resembling a pedal extremity
foot	v.	pay for something
foot	v.	walk
foot	v.	add a column of numbers
footage	n.	film that has been shot
footage	n.	a rate of charging by the linear foot of work done
football	n.	any of various games played with a ball (round or oval) in which two teams try to kick or carry or propel the ball into each other's goal
football	n.	the inflated oblong ball used in playing American football
footballer	n.	an athlete who plays American football
footbridge	n.	a bridge designed for pedestrians
footfall	n.	the sound of a step of someone walking
foothill	n.	a relatively low hill on the lower slope of a mountain
foothold	n.	an area in hostile territory that has been captured and is held awaiting further troops and supplies
foothold	n.	a place providing support for the foot in standing or climbing
foothold	n.	an initial accomplishment that opens the way for further developments
footing	n.	status with respect to the relations between people or groups
footing	n.	a relation that provides the foundation for something
footing	n.	a place providing support for the foot in standing or climbing
footing	v.	pay for something
footing	v.	walk
footing	v.	add a column of numbers
footless	adj.	having no feet or analogous appendages
footlights	n.	theater light at the front of a stage that illuminate the set and actors
footling	v.	be about
footling	v.	act foolishly, as by talking nonsense
footling	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
footlocker	n.	a trunk for storing personal possessions; usually kept at the foot of a bed (as in a barracks)
footloose	adj.	free to go or do as one pleases
footman	n.	a man employed as a servant in a large establishment (as a palace) to run errands and do chores
footmen	n.	a man employed as a servant in a large establishment (as a palace) to run errands and do chores
footnote	n.	a printed note placed below the text on a printed page
footnote	v.	add explanatory notes to or supply with critical comments
footpath	n.	a trodden path
footpaths	n.	a trodden path
footplate	n.	the platform in the cab of a locomotive on which the engineer stands to operate the controls
footprint	n.	a mark of a foot or shoe on a surface
footprint	n.	a trace suggesting that something was once present or felt or otherwise important
footprint	n.	the area taken up by some object
footrace	n.	a race run on foot
footrest	n.	a low seat or a stool to rest the feet of a seated person
footslogging	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
footsore	adj.	having sore or tired feet
footstep	n.	the sound of a step of someone walking
footstep	n.	the act of taking a step in walking
footstep	n.	the distance covered by a step
footstool	n.	a low seat or a stool to rest the feet of a seated person
footwear	n.	clothing worn on a person's feet
footwear	n.	covering for a person's feet
footwork	n.	the manner of using the feet
footwork	n.	skillful maneuvering or dealing
fop	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
foppish	adj.	affecting extreme elegance in dress and manner
foppishness	n.	the manner and dress of a fop or dandy
fora	n.	a public meeting or assembly for open discussion
fora	n.	a public facility to meet for open discussion
forage	n.	bulky food like grass or hay for browsing or grazing horses or cattle
forage	n.	the act of searching for food and provisions
forage	v.	collect or look around for (food)
forage	v.	wander and feed
forager	n.	someone who hunts for food and provisions
foray	n.	a sudden short attack
foray	n.	an initial attempt (especially outside your usual areas of competence)
foray	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
foray	v.	briefly enter enemy territory
forbade	v.	command against
forbade	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
forbear	n.	a person from whom you are descended
forbear	v.	refrain from doing
forbear	v.	resist doing something
forbearance	n.	good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence
forbearance	n.	a delay in enforcing rights or claims or privileges; refraining from acting
forbid	v.	command against
forbid	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
forbidden	v.	command against
forbidden	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
forbidden	adj.	excluded from use or mention
forbidding	n.	an official prohibition or edict against something
forbidding	v.	command against
forbidding	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
forbidding	adj.	harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; ; ; ; - J.M.Barrie
forbidding	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
forbore	v.	refrain from doing
forbore	v.	resist doing something
forborne	v.	refrain from doing
forborne	v.	resist doing something
force	n.	a powerful effect or influence
force	n.	(physics) the influence that produces a change in a physical quantity
force	n.	physical energy or intensity
force	n.	group of people willing to obey orders
force	n.	a unit that is part of some military service
force	n.	an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists)
force	n.	one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority
force	n.	a group of people having the power of effective action
force	n.	(of a law) having legal validity
force	n.	a putout of a base runner who is required to run; the putout is accomplished by holding the ball while touching the base to which the runner must advance before the runner reaches that base
force	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
force	v.	urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate
force	v.	move with force,
force	v.	impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably
force	v.	squeeze like a wedge into a tight space
force	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
force	v.	cause to move by pulling
force	v.	do forcibly; exert force
force	v.	take by force
forced	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
forced	v.	urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate
forced	v.	move with force,
forced	v.	impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably
forced	v.	squeeze like a wedge into a tight space
forced	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
forced	v.	cause to move by pulling
forced	v.	do forcibly; exert force
forced	v.	take by force
forced	adj.	produced by or subjected to forcing
forced	adj.	forced or compelled
forced	adj.	made necessary by an unexpected situation or emergency
forced	adj.	lacking spontaneity; not natural
forceful	adj.	characterized by or full of force or strength (often but not necessarily physical)
forceful	adj.	forceful and definite in expression or action
forcefulness	n.	physical energy or intensity
forceps	n.	an extractor consisting of a pair of pincers used in medical treatment (especially for the delivery of babies)
forcible	adj.	impelled by physical force especially against resistance
forcibly	adv.	in a forcible manner
ford	n.	United States film maker (1896-1973)
ford	n.	grandson of Henry Ford (1917-1987)
ford	n.	son of Henry Ford (1893-1943)
ford	n.	English writer and editor (1873-1939)
ford	n.	38th President of the United States; appointed vice president and succeeded Nixon when Nixon resigned (1913-)
ford	n.	United States manufacturer of automobiles who pioneered mass production (1863-1947)
ford	n.	a shallow area in a stream that can be forded
ford	n.	the act of crossing a stream or river by wading or in a car or on a horse
ford	v.	cross a river where it's shallow
fore	n.	front part of a vessel or aircraft
fore	adj.	situated at or toward the bow of a vessel
fore	adv.	near or toward the bow of a ship or cockpit of a plane
forearm	n.	the part of the superior limb between the elbow and the wrist
forearm	v.	arm in advance of a confrontation
forebear	n.	a person from whom you are descended
forebode	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
foreboding	n.	a feeling of evil to come
foreboding	n.	an unfavorable omen
foreboding	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
foreboding	adj.	ominously prophetic
forecast	n.	a prediction about how something (as the weather) will develop
forecast	v.	predict in advance
forecast	v.	judge to be probable
forecast	v.	indicate by signs
forecaster	n.	someone who makes predictions of the future (usually on the basis of special knowledge)
forecastle	n.	living quarters consisting of a superstructure in the bow of a merchant ship where the crew is housed
foreclose	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
foreclose	v.	subject to foreclosing procedures; take away the right of mortgagors to redeem their mortgage
foreclosure	n.	the legal proceedings initiated by a creditor to repossess the collateral for loan that is in default
forecourt	n.	the outer or front court of a building or of a group of buildings
foredoom	v.	doom beforehand
forefather	n.	the founder of a family
forefather	n.	person from an earlier time who contributed to the tradition shared by some group
forefeet	n.	a front foot of a quadruped
forefinger	n.	the finger next to the thumb
forefoot	n.	a front foot of a quadruped
forefront	n.	the part in the front or nearest the viewer
forefront	n.	the position of greatest importance or advancement; the leading position in any movement or field
forego	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forego	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forego	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
foregoes	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
foregoes	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
foregoes	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
foregone	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
foregone	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
foregone	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
foregone	adj.	well in the past; former
foreground	n.	the part of a scene that is near the viewer
foreground	n.	(computer science) a window for an active application
foreground	v.	move into the foreground to make more visible or prominent
forehand	n.	(sports) a return made with the palm of the hand facing the direction of the stroke (as in tennis or badminton or squash)
forehand	adj.	(of racket strokes) made with palm facing direction of stroke
forehead	n.	the part of the face above the eyes
forehead	n.	the large cranial bone forming the front part of the cranium: includes the upper part of the orbits
foreign	adj.	of concern to or concerning the affairs of other nations (other than your own)
foreign	adj.	relating to or originating in or characteristic of another place or part of the world
foreign	adj.	not contained in or deriving from the essential nature of something
foreign	adj.	not belonging to that in which it is contained; introduced from an outside source
foreigner	n.	a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country
foreigner	n.	someone who is excluded from or is not a member of a group
foreignness	n.	the quality of being alien or not native
foreknew	v.	realize beforehand
foreknow	v.	realize beforehand
foreknowledge	n.	knowledge of an event before it occurs
foreknown	v.	realize beforehand
foreleg	n.	the forelimb of a quadruped
forelimb	n.	the front limb (or the homologous structure in other animals, such as a flipper or wing)
forelock	n.	a lock of hair growing (or falling) over the forehead
forelock	n.	a lock of a horse's mane that grows forward between the ears
foreman	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
foreman	n.	a man who is foreperson of a jury
foremast	n.	the mast nearest the bow in vessels with two or more masts
foremen	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
foremen	n.	a man who is foreperson of a jury
foremost	adj.	ranking above all others
foremost	adj.	preceding all others in spatial position
foremost	adj.	situated closest to the bow
foremost	adv.	prominently forward
foremost	adv.	before anything else
forename	n.	the name that precedes the surname
forenoon	n.	the time period between dawn and noon
forensic	adj.	of, relating to, or used in public debate or argument
forensic	adj.	used or applied in the investigation and establishment of facts or evidence in a court of law
forensics	n.	scientific tests or techniques used in the investigation of crimes
foreordain	v.	foreordain by divine will or decree
foreordain	v.	foreordain or determine beforehand
forepart	n.	the side that is forward or prominent
foreperson	n.	the presiding member of the jury and the one who speaks on their behalf
foreplay	n.	mutual sexual fondling prior to sexual intercourse
forequarter	n.	the front half of a side of meat
forerunner	n.	a person who goes before or announces the coming of another
forerunner	n.	something that precedes and indicates the approach of something or someone
forerunner	n.	anything that precedes something similar in time
foresail	n.	the lowest sail on the foremast of a square-rigged vessel
foresaw	v.	realize beforehand
foresaw	v.	picture to oneself; imagine possible
foresaw	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
foresee	v.	realize beforehand
foresee	v.	picture to oneself; imagine possible
foresee	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
foreseeable	adj.	capable of being anticipated
foreseeing	v.	realize beforehand
foreseeing	v.	picture to oneself; imagine possible
foreseeing	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
foreseen	v.	realize beforehand
foreseen	v.	picture to oneself; imagine possible
foreseen	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
foreshadow	v.	indicate by signs
foreshore	n.	the part of the seashore between the highwater mark and the low-water mark
foreshorten	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
foreshorten	v.	shorten lines in a drawing so as to create an illusion of depth
foresight	n.	providence by virtue of planning prudently for the future
foresight	n.	seeing ahead; knowing in advance; foreseeing
foresightedness	n.	providence by virtue of planning prudently for the future
foreskin	n.	a fold of skin covering the tip of the clitoris
foreskin	n.	a fold of skin covering the tip of the penis
forest	n.	the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area
forest	n.	land that is covered with trees and shrubs
forest	v.	establish a forest on previously unforested land
forestall	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
forestall	v.	act in advance of; deal with ahead of time
forester	n.	English writer of adventure novels featuring Captain Horatio Hornblower (1899-1966)
forester	n.	someone trained in forestry
forestry	n.	the science of planting and caring for forests and the management of growing timber
foretaste	n.	an early limited awareness of something yet to occur
foretell	v.	foreshadow or presage
foretell	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
foretell	v.	indicate by signs
forethought	n.	planning or plotting in advance of acting
forethought	n.	judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger
foretold	v.	foreshadow or presage
foretold	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
foretold	v.	indicate by signs
forever	adv.	for a limitless time; ; - P.P.Bliss
forever	adv.	for a very long or seemingly endless time
forever	adv.	without interruption
forevermore	adv.	at any future time; in the future
forewarn	v.	warn in advance or beforehand; give an early warning
forewent	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forewent	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forewent	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
forewoman	n.	a woman who is foreperson of a jury
forewoman	n.	a woman in charge of a group of workers
forewomen	n.	a woman who is foreperson of a jury
forewomen	n.	a woman in charge of a group of workers
foreword	n.	a short introductory essay preceding the text of a book
forfeit	n.	something that is lost or surrendered as a penalty
forfeit	n.	a penalty for a fault or mistake that involves losing or giving up something
forfeit	n.	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc.
forfeit	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
forfeit	adj.	surrendered as a penalty
forfeiture	n.	something that is lost or surrendered as a penalty
forfeiture	n.	a penalty for a fault or mistake that involves losing or giving up something
forfeiture	n.	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc.
forgather	v.	collect in one place
forgave	v.	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
forgave	v.	absolve from payment
forge	n.	furnace consisting of a special hearth where metal is heated before shaping
forge	n.	a workplace where metal is worked by heating and hammering
forge	v.	create by hammering
forge	v.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive
forge	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
forge	v.	move ahead steadily
forge	v.	move or act with a sudden increase in speed or energy
forge	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
forge	v.	make out of components (often in an improvising manner)
forger	n.	someone who operates a forge
forger	n.	someone who makes copies illegally
forgery	n.	a copy that is represented as the original
forgery	n.	criminal falsification by making or altering an instrument with intent to defraud
forget	v.	dismiss from the mind; stop remembering
forget	v.	be unable to remember
forget	v.	forget to do something
forget	v.	leave behind unintentionally
forgetful	adj.	(of memory) deficient in retentiveness or range
forgetful	adj.	not mindful or attentive; - G.B.Shaw
forgetful	adj.	failing to keep in mind
forgetfulness	n.	tendency to forget
forgetfulness	n.	unawareness caused by neglectful or heedless failure to remember
forgettable	adj.	easily forgotten
forgetting	v.	dismiss from the mind; stop remembering
forgetting	v.	be unable to remember
forgetting	v.	forget to do something
forgetting	v.	leave behind unintentionally
forging	n.	shaping metal by heating and hammering
forging	v.	create by hammering
forging	v.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive
forging	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
forging	v.	move ahead steadily
forging	v.	move or act with a sudden increase in speed or energy
forging	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
forging	v.	make out of components (often in an improvising manner)
forgivable	adj.	easily excused or forgiven
forgive	v.	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
forgive	v.	absolve from payment
forgiven	v.	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
forgiven	v.	absolve from payment
forgiveness	n.	compassionate feelings that support a willingness to forgive
forgiveness	n.	the act of excusing a mistake or offense
forgiver	n.	a person who pardons or forgives or excuses a fault or offense
forgiving	v.	stop blaming or grant forgiveness
forgiving	v.	absolve from payment
forgiving	adj.	inclined or able to forgive and show mercy
forgiving	adj.	providing absolution
forgo	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forgo	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forgo	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
forgoes	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forgoes	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forgoes	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
forgone	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forgone	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forgone	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
forgot	v.	dismiss from the mind; stop remembering
forgot	v.	be unable to remember
forgot	v.	forget to do something
forgot	v.	leave behind unintentionally
forgotten	v.	dismiss from the mind; stop remembering
forgotten	v.	be unable to remember
forgotten	v.	forget to do something
forgotten	v.	leave behind unintentionally
forgotten	adj.	not noticed inadvertently
fork	n.	cutlery used for serving and eating food
fork	n.	the act of branching out or dividing into branches
fork	n.	the region of the angle formed by the junction of two branches
fork	n.	an agricultural tool used for lifting or digging; has a handle and metal prongs
fork	n.	the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human trunk
fork	v.	lift with a pitchfork
fork	v.	place under attack with one's own pieces, of two enemy pieces
fork	v.	divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork
fork	v.	shape like a fork
forklift	n.	a small industrial vehicle with a power operated forked platform in front that can be inserted under loads to lift and move them
forlorn	adj.	marked by or showing hopelessness
form	n.	the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something
form	n.	a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
form	n.	a perceptual structure
form	n.	any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)
form	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
form	n.	the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance
form	n.	the visual appearance of something or someone
form	n.	a printed document with spaces in which to write
form	n.	(biology) a group of organisms within a species that differ in trivial ways from similar groups
form	n.	an arrangement of the elements in a composition or discourse
form	n.	a particular mode in which something is manifested
form	n.	(physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary
form	n.	a body of students who are taught together
form	n.	an ability to perform well
form	n.	a life-size dummy used to display clothes
form	n.	a mold for setting concrete
form	v.	create (as an entity)
form	v.	to compose or represent:
form	v.	develop into a distinctive entity
form	v.	give shape or form to
form	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
form	v.	establish or impress firmly in the mind
form	v.	assume a form or shape
formal	n.	a lavish dance requiring formal attire
formal	n.	a gown for evening wear
formal	adj.	being in accord with established forms and conventions and requirements (as e.g. of formal dress)
formal	adj.	characteristic of or befitting a person in authority
formal	adj.	(of spoken and written language) adhering to traditional standards of correctness and without casual, contracted, and colloquial forms
formal	adj.	represented in simplified or symbolic form
formal	adj.	logically deductive
formal	adj.	refined or imposing in manner or appearance; befitting a royal court
formaldehyde	n.	a colorless poisonous gas; made by the oxidation of methanol
formalin	n.	a 10% solution of formaldehyde in water; used as a disinfectant or to preserve biological specimens
formalism	n.	the doctrine that formal structure rather than content is what should be represented
formalism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical theory that formal (logical or mathematical) statements have no meaning but that its symbols (regarded as physical entities) exhibit a form that has useful applications
formalism	n.	the practice of scrupulous adherence to prescribed or external forms
formalities	n.	a requirement of etiquette or custom
formalities	n.	a manner that strictly observes all forms and ceremonies
formalities	n.	compliance with formal rules
formality	n.	a requirement of etiquette or custom
formality	n.	a manner that strictly observes all forms and ceremonies
formality	n.	compliance with formal rules
formalization	n.	the act of making formal (as by stating formal rules governing classes of expressions)
formalize	v.	make formal or official
formalize	v.	declare or make legally valid
format	n.	the organization of information according to preset specifications (usually for computer processing)
format	n.	the general appearance of a publication
format	v.	set (printed matter) into a specific format
format	v.	determine the arrangement of (data) for storage and display (in computer science)
format	v.	divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data
formation	n.	an arrangement of people or things acting as a unit
formation	n.	the act of fabricating something in a particular shape
formation	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
formation	n.	(geology) the geological features of the earth
formation	n.	a particular spatial arrangement
formation	n.	natural process that causes something to form
formation	n.	creation by mental activity
formatted	v.	set (printed matter) into a specific format
formatted	v.	determine the arrangement of (data) for storage and display (in computer science)
formatted	v.	divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data
formatting	n.	the organization of information according to preset specifications (usually for computer processing)
formatting	v.	set (printed matter) into a specific format
formatting	v.	determine the arrangement of (data) for storage and display (in computer science)
formatting	v.	divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data
formed	v.	create (as an entity)
formed	v.	to compose or represent:
formed	v.	develop into a distinctive entity
formed	v.	give shape or form to
formed	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
formed	v.	establish or impress firmly in the mind
formed	v.	assume a form or shape
formed	adj.	having or given a form or shape
former	n.	the first of two or the first mentioned of two
former	adj.	referring to the first of two things or persons mentioned (or the earlier one or ones of several)
former	adj.	belonging to some prior time
former	adj.	(used especially of persons) of the immediate past
former	adj.	belonging to the distant past
formerly	adv.	at a previous time
formic	adj.	of or relating to or derived from ants
formic	adj.	of or containing or derived from formic acid
formica	n.	any of various plastic laminates containing melamine
formica	n.	type genus of the Formicidae
formidable	adj.	extremely impressive in strength or excellence
formidable	adj.	inspiring fear; ; - G.H.Johnston
formidably	adv.	in a formidable manner
formless	adj.	having no definite form or distinct shape
formless	adj.	having no physical form
formosa	n.	an island in southeastern Asia 100 miles off the coast of mainland China in the South China Sea
formosan	n.	the Austronesian languages spoken on Formosa
formosan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the island republic on Taiwan or its residents or their language
formula	n.	a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement
formula	n.	directions for making something
formula	n.	a conventionalized statement expressing some fundamental principle
formula	n.	a representation of a substance using symbols for its constituent elements
formula	n.	something regarded as a normative example
formula	n.	a liquid food for infants
formula	n.	(mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems
formulae	n.	a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement
formulae	n.	directions for making something
formulae	n.	a conventionalized statement expressing some fundamental principle
formulae	n.	a representation of a substance using symbols for its constituent elements
formulae	n.	something regarded as a normative example
formulae	n.	a liquid food for infants
formulae	n.	(mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems
formulaic	adj.	characterized by or in accordance with some formula
formulate	v.	elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses
formulate	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
formulate	v.	put into words or an expression
formulate	v.	prepare according to a formula
formulated	v.	elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses
formulated	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
formulated	v.	put into words or an expression
formulated	v.	prepare according to a formula
formulated	adj.	devised; developed according to an orderly plan
formulation	n.	a substance prepared according to a formula
formulation	n.	inventing or contriving an idea or explanation and formulating it mentally
formulation	n.	the style of expressing yourself
fornicate	v.	have sex without being married
fornication	n.	voluntary sexual intercourse between persons not married to each other
fornication	n.	extramarital sex that willfully and maliciously interferes with marriage relations
fornicator	n.	someone who commits adultery or fornication
forsake	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
forsaken	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
forsook	v.	leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch
forsooth	adv.	an archaic word originally meaning `in truth' but now usually used to express disbelief
forswear	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
forswore	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
forsworn	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
forsythia	n.	any of various early blooming oleaceous shrubs of the genus Forsythia; native to eastern Asia and southern Europe but widely cultivated for their branches of bright yellow bell-shaped flowers
fort	n.	a fortified military post where troops are stationed
fort	n.	a fortified defensive structure
fort	v.	gather in, or as if in, a fort, as for protection or defense
fort	v.	enclose by or as if by a fortification
fort	v.	station (troops) in a fort
forte	n.	an asset of special worth or utility
forte	n.	(music) loud
forte	n.	the stronger part of a sword blade between the hilt and the foible
forte	adj.	used chiefly as a direction or description in music
forte	adv.	used as a direction in music; to be played relatively loudly
forthcoming	adj.	at ease in talking to others
forthcoming	adj.	of the relatively near future
forthcoming	adj.	available when required or as promised
forthright	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
forthright	adv.	directly and without evasion; not roundabout
forthrightness	n.	the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
forthwith	adv.	without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening
fortieth	n.	position 40 in a countable series of things
fortieth	adj.	the ordinal number of forty in counting order
fortieths	n.	position 40 in a countable series of things
fortification	n.	defensive structure consisting of walls or mounds built around a stronghold to strengthen it
fortification	n.	the art or science of strengthening defenses
fortification	n.	the addition of an ingredient for the purpose of enrichment (as the addition of alcohol to wine or the addition of vitamins to food)
fortified	v.	make strong or stronger
fortified	v.	enclose by or as if by a fortification
fortified	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
fortified	v.	add nutrients to
fortified	v.	add alcohol to (beverages)
fortified	adj.	secured with bastions or fortifications
fortified	adj.	having something added to increase the strength
fortify	v.	make strong or stronger
fortify	v.	enclose by or as if by a fortification
fortify	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
fortify	v.	add nutrients to
fortify	v.	add alcohol to (beverages)
fortissimo	n.	(music) loud
fortissimo	adj.	chiefly a direction or description in music
fortissimo	adv.	a direction in music; to be played very loudly
fortitude	n.	strength of mind that enables one to endure adversity with courage
fortnight	n.	a period of fourteen consecutive days
fortran	n.	a high-level programing language for mathematical and scientific purposes; stands for formula translation
fortress	n.	a fortified defensive structure
fortuitous	adj.	having no cause or apparent cause
fortuitous	adj.	occurring by happy chance
fortuitousness	n.	the quality of happening accidentally and by lucky chance
fortuity	n.	anything that happens suddenly or by chance without an apparent cause
fortunate	adj.	having unexpected good fortune
fortunate	adj.	supremely favored
fortunate	adj.	presaging good fortune
fortune	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another
fortune	n.	a large amount of wealth or prosperity
fortune	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that leads to a favorable outcome
fortune	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
fortuneteller	n.	a person who foretells your personal future
fortunetelling	n.	the practice of predicting people's futures (usually for payment)
forty	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and four
forty	adj.	being ten more than thirty
forum	n.	a public meeting or assembly for open discussion
forum	n.	a public facility to meet for open discussion
forward	n.	the person who plays the position of forward in certain games, such as basketball, soccer, or hockey
forward	n.	a position on a basketball, soccer, or hockey team
forward	v.	send or ship onward from an intermediate post or station in transit
forward	adj.	at or near or directed toward the front
forward	adj.	used of temperament or behavior; lacking restraint or modesty
forward	adj.	of the transmission gear causing forward movement in a motor vehicle
forward	adj.	moving forward
forward	adv.	at or to or toward the front; ; ; ; (`forrad' and `forrard' are dialectal variations)
forward	adv.	forward in time or order or degree
forward	adv.	toward the future; forward in time
forward	adv.	in a forward direction
forward	adv.	near or toward the bow of a ship or cockpit of a plane
forwarder	adj.	at or near or directed toward the front
forwarder	adj.	used of temperament or behavior; lacking restraint or modesty
forwarder	adj.	of the transmission gear causing forward movement in a motor vehicle
forwarder	adj.	moving forward
forwardness	n.	offensive boldness and assertiveness
forwardness	n.	an advanced stage
forwardness	n.	prompt willingness
forwent	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
forwent	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
forwent	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
fossa	n.	a concavity in a surface (especially an anatomical depression)
fossa	n.	monotypic genus of Madagascar civets closely related to palm civets
fossa	n.	largest carnivore of Madagascar; intermediate in some respects between cats and civets
fosse	n.	ditch dug as a fortification and usually filled with water
fossil	n.	someone whose style is out of fashion
fossil	n.	the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past geological age and that has been excavated from the soil
fossil	adj.	characteristic of a fossil
fossilization	n.	the process of fossilizing a plant or animal that existed in some earlier age; the process of being turned to stone
fossilization	n.	becoming inflexible or out of date
fossilize	v.	convert to a fossil
fossilize	v.	become mentally inflexible
foster	n.	United States songwriter whose songs embody the sentiment of the South before the American Civil War (1826-1864)
foster	v.	promote the growth of
foster	v.	bring up under fosterage; of children
foster	v.	help develop, help grow
foster	adj.	providing or receiving nurture or parental care though not related by blood or legal ties
foucault	n.	French physicist who determined the speed of light and showed that it travels slower in water than in air; invented the Foucault pendulum and the gyroscope (1819-1868)
fought	v.	be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight
fought	v.	fight against or resist strongly
fought	v.	make a strenuous or labored effort
fought	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
foul	n.	an act that violates the rules of a sport
foul	v.	hit a foul ball
foul	v.	make impure
foul	v.	become or cause to become obstructed
foul	v.	commit a foul; break the rules
foul	v.	spot, stain, or pollute
foul	v.	make unclean
foul	v.	become soiled and dirty
foul	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
foul	adj.	offensively malodorous
foul	adj.	violating accepted standards or rules
foul	adj.	(of a baseball) not hit between the foul lines
foul	adj.	(of a manuscript) defaced with changes
foul	adj.	characterized by obscenity
foul	adj.	disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter
foul	adj.	especially of a ship's lines etc
foulard	n.	a light plain-weave or twill-weave silk or silklike fabric (usually with a printed design)
foulness	n.	disgusting wickedness and immorality
foulness	n.	a state characterized by foul or disgusting dirt and refuse
foulness	n.	(of weather) the badness of the weather
foulness	n.	the attribute of having a strong offensive smell
found	n.	food and lodging provided in addition to money
found	v.	set up or found
found	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
found	v.	use as a basis for; found on
found	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
found	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
found	v.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost
found	v.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
found	v.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds
found	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
found	v.	get something or somebody for a specific purpose
found	v.	make a discovery, make a new finding
found	v.	make a discovery
found	v.	obtain through effort or management
found	v.	decide on and make a declaration about
found	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
found	v.	perceive oneself to be in a certain condition or place
found	v.	get or find back; recover the use of
found	v.	succeed in reaching; arrive at
found	v.	accept and make use of one's personality, abilities, and situation
found	adj.	come upon unexpectedly or after searching
foundation	n.	the basis on which something is grounded
foundation	n.	an institution supported by an endowment
foundation	n.	lowest support of a structure
foundation	n.	education or instruction in the fundamentals of a field of knowledge
foundation	n.	the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained
foundation	n.	a woman's undergarment worn to give shape to the contours of the body
foundation	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
founded	v.	set up or found
founded	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
founded	v.	use as a basis for; found on
founder	n.	inflammation of the laminated tissue that attaches the hoof to the foot of a horse
founder	n.	a person who founds or establishes some institution
founder	n.	a worker who makes metal castings
founder	v.	fail utterly; collapse
founder	v.	sink below the surface
founder	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
founder	v.	stumble and nearly fall
foundling	n.	a child who has been abandoned and whose parents are unknown
foundry	n.	factory where metal castings are produced
fount	n.	a specific size and style of type within a type family
fount	n.	a plumbing fixture that provides a flow of water
fountain	n.	a structure from which an artificially produced jet of water arises
fountain	n.	a natural flow of ground water
fountain	n.	an artificially produced flow of water
fountain	n.	a plumbing fixture that provides a flow of water
fountainhead	n.	an abundant source
fountainhead	n.	the source of water from which a stream arises
four	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
four	n.	a playing card or domino or die whose upward face shows four pips
four	adj.	being one more than three
fourfold	adj.	four times as great or many
fourfold	adj.	having four units or components
fourfold	adv.	by a factor of four
fourier	n.	French mathematician who developed Fourier analysis and studied the conduction of heat (1768-1830)
fourier	n.	French sociologist and reformer who hoped to achieve universal harmony by reorganizing society (1772-1837)
fourscore	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and eight
fourscore	adj.	being ten more than seventy
foursome	n.	four people considered as a unit
foursome	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
foursquare	n.	(geometry) a plane rectangle with four equal sides and four right angles; a four-sided regular polygon
foursquare	adj.	characterized by firm and unwavering conviction
foursquare	adv.	in a square position
foursquare	adv.	with firmness and conviction; without compromise; - C.G.Bowers
fourteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one
fourteen	adj.	being one more than thirteen
fourteenth	n.	position 14 in a countable series of things
fourteenth	adj.	coming next after the thirteenth in position
fourteenths	n.	position 14 in a countable series of things
fourth	n.	following the third position; number four in a countable series
fourth	n.	one of four equal parts
fourth	n.	the musical interval between one note and another four notes away from it
fourth	adj.	coming next after the third and just before the fifth in position or time or degree or magnitude
fourth	adv.	in the fourth place
fourths	n.	following the third position; number four in a countable series
fourths	n.	one of four equal parts
fourths	n.	the musical interval between one note and another four notes away from it
fowl	n.	a domesticated gallinaceous bird thought to be descended from the red jungle fowl
fowl	n.	the flesh of a bird or fowl (wild or domestic) used as food
fowl	v.	hunt fowl
fowl	v.	hunt fowl in the forest
fowler	n.	English lexicographer who wrote a well-known book on English usage (1858-1933)
fowler	n.	someone who hunts wild birds for food
fox	n.	alert carnivorous mammal with pointed muzzle and ears and a bushy tail; most are predators that do not hunt in packs
fox	n.	a shifty deceptive person
fox	n.	the grey or reddish-brown fur of a fox
fox	n.	English statesman who supported American independence and the French Revolution (1749-1806)
fox	n.	English religious leader who founded the Society of Friends (1624-1691)
fox	n.	a member of an Algonquian people formerly living west of Lake Michigan along the Fox River
fox	n.	the Algonquian language of the Fox
fox	v.	deceive somebody
fox	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
fox	v.	become discolored with, or as if with, mildew spots
foxglove	n.	any of several plants of the genus Digitalis
foxhole	n.	a small dugout with a pit for individual shelter against enemy fire
foxhound	n.	medium-sized glossy-coated hounds developed for hunting foxes
foxhunt	n.	mounted hunters follow hounds in pursuit of a fox
foxhunt	v.	hunt foxes, on horseback and with dogs
foxily	adv.	in an artful manner
foxiness	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
foxtrot	n.	a ballroom dance in quadruple time; combines short and long and fast and slow steps fixed sequences
foxtrot	v.	dance the foxtrot
foxtrotted	v.	dance the foxtrot
foxtrotting	v.	dance the foxtrot
foxy	adj.	marked by skill in deception
foyer	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
fps	n.	an agency in the General Services Administration that is a security organization to provide a safe environment where Federal agencies can conduct their business
fr	n.	a radioactive element of the alkali-metal group discovered as a disintegration product of actinium
fracas	n.	noisy quarrel
fractal	n.	(mathematics) a geometric pattern that is repeated at every scale and so cannot be represented by classical geometry
fraction	n.	a component of a mixture that has been separated by a fractional process
fraction	n.	a small part or item forming a piece of a whole
fraction	n.	the quotient of two rational numbers
fraction	v.	perform a division
fractional	adj.	constituting or comprising a part or fraction of a possible whole or entirety
fractious	adj.	stubbornly resistant to authority or control
fractious	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
fractious	adj.	unpredictably difficult in operation; likely to be troublesome
fractiousness	n.	the trait of being prone to disobedience and lack of discipline
fracture	n.	breaking of hard tissue such as bone
fracture	n.	(geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one side with respect to the other
fracture	n.	the act of cracking something
fracture	v.	violate or abuse
fracture	v.	interrupt, break, or destroy
fracture	v.	break into pieces
fracture	v.	become fractured
fracture	v.	break (a bone)
fracture	v.	fracture a bone of
fragile	adj.	easily broken or damaged or destroyed
fragile	adj.	vulnerably delicate
fragile	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
fragility	n.	quality of being easily damaged or destroyed
fragility	n.	lack of physical strength
fragment	n.	a piece broken off or cut off of something else
fragment	n.	a broken piece of a brittle artifact
fragment	n.	an incomplete piece
fragment	v.	break or cause to break into pieces
fragmentary	adj.	consisting of small disconnected parts
fragmentation	n.	separating something into fine particles
fragmentation	n.	the disintegration of social norms governing behavior and thought and social relationships
fragmentation	n.	(computer science) the condition of a file that is broken up and stored in many different locations on a magnetic disk
fragmentation	n.	the scattering of bomb fragments after the bomb explodes
fragonard	n.	French artist whose rococo paintings typified the frivolity of life in the royal court of France in the 18th century (1732-1806)
fragrance	n.	a distinctive odor that is pleasant
fragrance	n.	a pleasingly sweet olfactory property
fragrant	adj.	pleasant-smelling
frail	n.	the weight of a frail (basket) full of raisins or figs; between 50 and 75 pounds
frail	n.	a basket for holding dried fruit (especially raisins or figs)
frail	adj.	physically weak
frail	adj.	wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of man as opposed to e.g. divine beings
frail	adj.	easily broken or damaged or destroyed
frailness	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
frailty	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
frailty	n.	moral weakness
frame	n.	the framework for a pair of eyeglasses
frame	n.	a single one of a series of still transparent pictures forming a cinema, television or video film
frame	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
frame	n.	(baseball) one of nine divisions of play during which each team has a turn at bat
frame	n.	a single drawing in a comic_strip
frame	n.	an application that divides the user's display into two or more windows that can be scrolled independently
frame	n.	a system of assumptions and standards that sanction behavior and give it meaning
frame	n.	the hard structure (bones and cartilages) that provides a frame for the body of an animal
frame	n.	the internal supporting structure that gives an artifact its shape
frame	n.	a framework that supports and protects a picture or a mirror
frame	n.	one of the ten divisions into which bowling is divided
frame	v.	enclose in or as if in a frame
frame	v.	enclose in a frame, as of a picture
frame	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
frame	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
frame	v.	make up plans or basic details for
frame	v.	construct by fitting or uniting parts together
framed	v.	enclose in or as if in a frame
framed	v.	enclose in a frame, as of a picture
framed	v.	take or catch as if in a snare or trap
framed	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
framed	v.	make up plans or basic details for
framed	v.	construct by fitting or uniting parts together
framed	adj.	provided with a frame
framer	n.	someone who makes frames (as for pictures)
framer	n.	someone who writes a new law or plan
framework	n.	a hypothetical description of a complex entity or process
framework	n.	the underlying structure
framework	n.	a structure supporting or containing something
franc	n.	the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100 centimes
france	n.	a republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe
france	n.	French writer of sophisticated novels and short stories (1844-1924)
frances	n.	a republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe
frances	n.	French writer of sophisticated novels and short stories (1844-1924)
franchise	n.	an authorization to sell a company's goods or services in a particular place
franchise	n.	a business established or operated under an authorization to sell or distribute a company's goods or services in a particular area
franchise	n.	a statutory right or privilege granted to a person or group by a government (especially the rights of citizenship and the right to vote)
franchise	v.	grant a franchise to
franciscan	n.	a Roman Catholic friar wearing the grey habit of the Franciscan order
franciscan	adj.	of or relating to Saint Francis of Assisi or to the order founded by him
francium	n.	a radioactive element of the alkali-metal group discovered as a disintegration product of actinium
franck	n.	French composer and teacher who influenced a generation of composers (1822-1890)
franck	n.	United States physicist (born in Germany) who with Gustav Hertz performed an electron scattering experiment that proved the existence of the stationary energy states postulated by Niels Bohr (1882-1964)
franco	n.	Spanish general whose armies took control of Spain in 1939 and who ruled as a dictator until his death (1892-1975)
francophile	n.	an admirer of France and everything French
frangibility	n.	quality of being easily damaged or destroyed
frangible	adj.	capable of being broken
frank	n.	a member of the ancient Germanic peoples who spread from the Rhine into the Roman Empire in the 4th century
frank	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
frank	v.	stamp with a postmark to indicate date and time of mailing
frank	v.	exempt by means of an official pass or letter, as from customs or other checks
frank	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
frank	adj.	clearly manifest; evident
frankenstein	n.	an agency that escapes control and destroys its creator
frankenstein	n.	the monster created by Frankenstein in a gothic novel by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (the creator's name is commonly used to refer to his creation)
frankenstein	n.	the fictional Swiss scientist who was the protagonist in a gothic novel by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley; he created a monster from parts of corpses
frankfort	n.	the capital of Kentucky; located in northern Kentucky
frankfort	n.	a German city; an industrial and commercial and financial center
frankfurt	n.	a German city; an industrial and commercial and financial center
frankfurter	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
frankincense	n.	an aromatic gum resin obtained from various Arabian or East African trees; formerly valued for worship and for embalming and fumigation
frankish	adj.	of or relating to the Franks
franklin	n.	United States historian noted for studies of Black American history (born in 1915)
franklin	n.	printer whose success as an author led him to take up politics; he helped draw up the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution; he played a major role in the American Revolution and negotiated French support for the colonists; as a scientist he is remembered particularly for his research in electricity (1706-1790)
franklin	n.	a landowner (14th and 15th centuries) who was free but not of noble birth
frankness	n.	the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
frankness	n.	the trait of being blunt and outspoken
franks	n.	a member of the ancient Germanic peoples who spread from the Rhine into the Roman Empire in the 4th century
franks	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
franks	v.	stamp with a postmark to indicate date and time of mailing
franks	v.	exempt by means of an official pass or letter, as from customs or other checks
frantic	adj.	excessively agitated; distraught with fear or other violent emotion
frantic	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
frantically	adv.	in an uncontrolled manner
frappe	n.	liqueur poured over shaved ice
frappe	n.	thick milkshake containing ice cream
frappe	n.	a frozen dessert with fruit flavoring (especially one containing no milk)
frat	n.	a social club for male undergraduates
fraternal	adj.	of or relating to a fraternity or society of usually men
fraternal	adj.	(of twins) derived from two separate fertilized ova
fraternal	adj.	like or characteristic of or befitting a brother
fraternity	n.	a social club for male undergraduates
fraternity	n.	people engaged in a particular occupation
fraternization	n.	associating with others in a brotherly or friendly way; especially with an enemy
fraternize	v.	be on friendly terms with someone, as if with a brother, especially with an enemy
fratricide	n.	a person who murders their brother or sister
fratricide	n.	fire that injures or kills an ally
fratricide	n.	the murder of your sibling
frau	n.	a German courtesy title or form of address for an adult woman
fraud	n.	intentional deception resulting in injury to another person
fraud	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
fraud	n.	something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to gain an advantage
fraudulence	n.	a fraudulent or duplicitous representation
fraudulence	n.	the quality of being fraudulent
fraudulence	n.	something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to gain an advantage
fraudulent	adj.	intended to deceive; ; ;  - S.T.Coleridge
fraught	adj.	marked by distress
fraught	adj.	filled with or attended with
fraulein	n.	a German courtesy title or form of address for an unmarried woman
fray	n.	a noisy fight
fray	v.	wear away by rubbing
fray	v.	cause friction
frazzle	n.	a state of extreme exhaustion
frazzle	v.	wear away by rubbing
frazzle	v.	exhaust physically or emotionally
freak	n.	a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed
freak	n.	someone who is so ardently devoted to something that it resembles an addiction
freak	v.	lose one's nerve
freakish	adj.	changeable
freakish	adj.	characteristic of a freak
freakish	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
freakishness	n.	marked strangeness as a consequence of being abnormal
freaky	adj.	strange and somewhat frightening
freaky	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
freckle	n.	a small brownish spot (of the pigment melanin) on the skin
freckle	v.	become freckled
freckle	v.	mark with freckles
frederick	n.	a town in northern Maryland to the west of Baltimore
fredericksburg	n.	a town in northeastern Virginia on the Rappahannock River
fredericksburg	n.	an important battle in the American Civil War (1862); the Union Army under A. E. Burnside was defeated by the Confederate Army under Robert E. Lee
fredericton	n.	the provincial capital of New Brunswick
free	n.	people who are free
free	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
free	v.	relieve from
free	v.	remove or force out from a position
free	v.	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to
free	v.	make (information) available for publication
free	v.	free from obligations or duties
free	v.	free or remove obstruction from
free	v.	let off the hook
free	v.	part with a possession or right
free	v.	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition
free	v.	make (assets) available
free	adj.	able to act at will; not hampered; not under compulsion or restraint
free	adj.	unconstrained or not chemically bound in a molecule or not fixed and capable of relatively unrestricted motion
free	adj.	costing nothing
free	adj.	not occupied or in use
free	adj.	not fixed in position
free	adj.	not held in servitude
free	adj.	not taken up by scheduled activities
free	adj.	completely wanting or lacking
free	adj.	not literal
free	adv.	without restraint
freebie	n.	something that is free (usually provided as part of a promotional scheme)
freebooter	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
freeborn	adj.	born free of free parents
freedman	n.	a person who has been freed from slavery
freedmen	n.	a person who has been freed from slavery
freedom	n.	the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints
freedom	n.	immunity from an obligation or duty
freehand	adj.	done by hand without mechanical aids or devices
freehold	n.	an estate held in fee simple or for life
freehold	n.	tenure by which land is held in fee simple or for life
freeholder	n.	the owner of a freehold
freeing	n.	the act of liberating someone or something
freeing	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
freeing	v.	relieve from
freeing	v.	remove or force out from a position
freeing	v.	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to
freeing	v.	make (information) available for publication
freeing	v.	free from obligations or duties
freeing	v.	free or remove obstruction from
freeing	v.	let off the hook
freeing	v.	part with a possession or right
freeing	v.	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition
freeing	v.	make (assets) available
freelance	n.	a writer or artist who sells services to different employers without a long-term contract with any of them
freelance	v.	work independently and on temporary contracts rather than for a long-term employer
freelance	adj.	working for yourself
freelance	adj.	serving for wages in a foreign army
freelancer	n.	a writer or artist who sells services to different employers without a long-term contract with any of them
freelancer	adj.	working for yourself
freelancer	adj.	serving for wages in a foreign army
freeload	v.	live off somebody's generosity
freeloader	n.	someone who takes advantage of the generosity of others
freeman	n.	a person who is not a serf or a slave
freemason	n.	a member of a widespread secret fraternal order pledged to mutual assistance and brotherly love
freemasonry	n.	a natural or instinctive fellowship between people of similar interests
freemasonry	n.	Freemasons collectively
freemen	n.	a person who is not a serf or a slave
freesia	n.	any of several plants of the genus Freesia valued for their one-sided clusters of usually fragrant yellow or white or pink tubular flowers
freestanding	adj.	standing apart; not attached to or supported by anything
freestone	n.	fruit (especially peach) whose flesh does not adhere to the pit
freestyle	n.	a race (as in swimming) in which each contestant has a free choice of the style to use
freethinker	n.	a person who believes that God created the universe and then abandoned it
freethinking	n.	the doctrine that reason is the right basis for regulating conduct
freetown	n.	port city and the capital and largest city of Sierra Leone
freeware	n.	software that is provided without charge
freeway	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
freewheel	n.	a clutch (as on the rear wheel of a bicycle) that allows wheels to turn freely (as in coasting)
freewheel	v.	live unhurriedly, irresponsibly, or freely
freewheel	v.	coast in a vehicle using the freewheel
freewill	adj.	done of your own accord
freeze	n.	the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid
freeze	n.	weather cold enough to cause freezing
freeze	n.	an interruption or temporary suspension of progress or movement
freeze	n.	fixing (of prices or wages etc) at a particular level
freeze	v.	stop moving or become immobilized
freeze	v.	change to ice
freeze	v.	be cold
freeze	v.	cause to freeze
freeze	v.	stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it
freeze	v.	be very cold, below the freezing point
freeze	v.	change from a liquid to a solid when cold
freeze	v.	prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)
freeze	v.	anesthetize by cold
freeze	v.	suddenly behave coldly and formally
freezer	n.	electric refrigerator (trade name Deepfreeze) in which food is frozen and stored for long periods of time
freight	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
freight	n.	transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates
freight	n.	the charge for transporting something by common carrier
freight	v.	transport commercially as cargo
freight	v.	load with goods for transportation
freighter	n.	a cargo ship
fremont	n.	United States explorer who mapped much of the American west and Northwest (1813-1890)
french	n.	the Romance language spoken in France and in countries colonized by France
french	n.	the people of France
french	n.	United States sculptor who created the seated marble figure of Abraham Lincoln in the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. (1850-1931)
french	v.	cut (e.g, beans) lengthwise in preparation for cooking
french	adj.	of or pertaining to France or the people of France
frenchman	n.	a person of French nationality
frenchmen	n.	a person of French nationality
frenchwoman	n.	a person of French nationality
frenchwomen	n.	a person of French nationality
frenetic	adj.	excessively agitated; distraught with fear or other violent emotion
frenetically	adv.	in a very agitated manner; as if possessed by an evil spirit
frenzied	adj.	affected with or marked by frenzy or mania uncontrolled by reason; ; ; - H.W.Carter
frenzied	adj.	excessively agitated; distraught with fear or other violent emotion
frenzy	n.	state of violent mental agitation
freon	n.	any one or more chlorofluorocarbons (or related compounds) that are used as an aerosol propellant, organic solvent, or refrigerant
frequencies	n.	the number of occurrences within a given time period
frequencies	n.	the ratio of the number of observations in a statistical category to the total number of observations
frequencies	n.	the number of observations in a given statistical category
frequency	n.	the number of occurrences within a given time period
frequency	n.	the ratio of the number of observations in a statistical category to the total number of observations
frequency	n.	the number of observations in a given statistical category
frequent	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
frequent	v.	be a regular or frequent visitor to a certain place
frequent	adj.	coming at short intervals or habitually
frequent	adj.	frequently encountered
frequented	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
frequented	v.	be a regular or frequent visitor to a certain place
frequenter	n.	a regular customer
frequenter	adj.	coming at short intervals or habitually
frequenter	adj.	frequently encountered
fresco	n.	a mural done with watercolors on wet plaster
fresco	n.	a durable method of painting on a wall by using watercolors on wet plaster
fresco	v.	paint onto wet plaster on a wall
frescoes	n.	a mural done with watercolors on wet plaster
frescoes	n.	a durable method of painting on a wall by using watercolors on wet plaster
frescoes	v.	paint onto wet plaster on a wall
fresh	adj.	recently made, produced, or harvested
fresh	adj.	(of a cycle) beginning or occurring again
fresh	adj.	imparting vitality and energy
fresh	adj.	original and of a kind not seen before
fresh	adj.	not canned or otherwise preserved
fresh	adj.	not containing or composed of salt water
fresh	adj.	having recently calved and therefore able to give milk
fresh	adj.	with restored energy
fresh	adj.	not soured or preserved
fresh	adj.	free from impurities
fresh	adj.	not yet used or soiled
fresh	adj.	improperly forward or bold
fresh	adv.	very recently
freshen	v.	make (to feel) fresh
freshen	v.	become or make oneself fresh again
freshen	v.	make fresh again
freshener	n.	anything that freshens
freshet	n.	the occurrence of a water flow resulting from sudden rain or melting snow
freshman	n.	a first-year undergraduate
freshman	n.	any new participant in some activity
freshman	adj.	used of a person in the first year of an experience (especially in United States high school or college)
freshmen	n.	a first-year undergraduate
freshmen	n.	any new participant in some activity
freshness	n.	the property of being pure and fresh (as if newly made); not stale or deteriorated
freshness	n.	originality by virtue of being refreshingly novel
freshness	n.	an alert and refreshed state
freshness	n.	originality by virtue of being new and surprising
freshness	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
freshwater	n.	water that is not salty
fresnel	n.	French physicist who invented polarized light and invented the Fresnel lens (1788-1827)
fresno	n.	a city in south central California in the San Joaquin Valley; center of an important agricultural area and gateway to the Sierra Nevada Mountains
fret	n.	agitation resulting from active worry
fret	n.	a spot that has been worn away by abrasion or erosion
fret	n.	an ornamental pattern consisting of repeated vertical and horizontal lines (often in relief)
fret	n.	a small bar of metal across the fingerboard of a musical instrument; when the string is stopped by a finger at the metal bar it will produce a note of the desired pitch
fret	v.	worry unnecessarily or excessively
fret	v.	be agitated or irritated
fret	v.	provide (a musical instrument) with frets
fret	v.	become or make sore by or as if by rubbing
fret	v.	cause annoyance in
fret	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
fret	v.	carve a pattern into
fret	v.	decorate with an interlaced design
fret	v.	be too tight; rub or press
fret	v.	cause friction
fret	v.	remove soil or rock
fret	v.	wear away or erode
fretful	adj.	nervous and unable to relax
fretful	adj.	habitually complaining
fretfulness	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
fretsaw	n.	fine-toothed power saw with a narrow blade; used to cut curved outlines
fretted	v.	worry unnecessarily or excessively
fretted	v.	be agitated or irritated
fretted	v.	provide (a musical instrument) with frets
fretted	v.	become or make sore by or as if by rubbing
fretted	v.	cause annoyance in
fretted	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
fretted	v.	carve a pattern into
fretted	v.	decorate with an interlaced design
fretted	v.	be too tight; rub or press
fretted	v.	cause friction
fretted	v.	remove soil or rock
fretted	v.	wear away or erode
fretted	adj.	having frets
fretted	adj.	having a pattern of fretwork or latticework
fretting	v.	worry unnecessarily or excessively
fretting	v.	be agitated or irritated
fretting	v.	provide (a musical instrument) with frets
fretting	v.	become or make sore by or as if by rubbing
fretting	v.	cause annoyance in
fretting	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
fretting	v.	carve a pattern into
fretting	v.	decorate with an interlaced design
fretting	v.	be too tight; rub or press
fretting	v.	cause friction
fretting	v.	remove soil or rock
fretting	v.	wear away or erode
fretwork	n.	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal
freud	n.	Austrian neurologist who originated psychoanalysis (1856-1939)
freudian	n.	a person who follows the basic theories or practices of Sigmund Freud
freudian	adj.	of or relating to Sigmund Freud or his psychoanalytic ideas
frey	n.	(Norse mythology) god of earth's fertility and peace and prosperity; son of Njorth and brother of Freya; originally of the Vanir; later with the Aesir
freya	n.	(Norse mythology) goddess of love and fecundity; daughter of Njorth and sister of Frey
fri	n.	the sixth day of the week; the fifth working day
friable	adj.	easily broken into small fragments or reduced to powder
friar	n.	a male member of a religious order that originally relied solely on alms
friary	n.	a monastery of friars
fricassee	n.	pieces of chicken or other meat stewed in gravy with e.g. carrots and onions and served with noodles or dumplings
fricassee	v.	make a fricassee of by cooking
fricasseeing	v.	make a fricassee of by cooking
fricative	n.	a continuant consonant produced by breath moving against a narrowing of the vocal tract
fricative	adj.	of speech sounds produced by forcing air through a constricted passage (as `f', `s', `z', or `th' in both `thin' and `then')
friction	n.	a state of conflict between persons
friction	n.	the resistance encountered when one body is moved in contact with another
friction	n.	effort expended in moving one object over another with pressure
frictional	adj.	pertaining to or worked or produced by friction
friday	n.	the sixth day of the week; the fifth working day
fridge	n.	a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor
friedan	n.	United States feminist who founded a national organization for women (born in 1921)
friedcake	n.	small cake in the form of a ring or twist or ball or strip fried in deep fat
friedman	n.	United States economist noted as a proponent of monetarism and for his opposition to government intervention in the economy (born in 1912)
friend	n.	a person you know well and regard with affection and trust
friend	n.	an associate who provides cooperation or assistance
friend	n.	a person with whom you are acquainted
friend	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
friend	n.	a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox (the Friends have never called themselves Quakers)
friendless	adj.	excluded from a society
friendlies	n.	troops belonging to or allied with your own military forces
friendliness	n.	a feeling of liking for another person; enjoyment in their company
friendliness	n.	a friendly disposition
friendly	n.	troops belonging to or allied with your own military forces
friendly	adj.	characteristic of or befitting a friend
friendly	adj.	inclined to help or support; not antagonistic or hostile
friendly	adj.	easy to understand or use
friendly	adj.	of or belonging to your own country's forces or those of an ally
friendship	n.	the state of being friends (or friendly)
frieze	n.	an architectural ornament consisting of a horizontal sculptured band between the architrave and the cornice
frieze	n.	a heavy woolen fabric with a long nap
frigate	n.	a medium size square-rigged warship of the 18th and 19th centuries
frigate	n.	a United States warship larger than a destroyer and smaller than a cruiser
frigga	n.	(Norse mythology) goddess of the heavens and married love; wife of Odin
fright	n.	an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight)
fright	v.	cause fear in
frighten	v.	cause fear in
frighten	v.	drive out by frightening
frightening	n.	the act of inspiring with fear
frightening	v.	cause fear in
frightening	v.	drive out by frightening
frightening	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
frightful	adj.	provoking horror; ; ; ; - Winston Churchill
frightful	adj.	extreme in degree or extent or amount or impact
frightful	adj.	extremely distressing
frightfulness	n.	the quality of being frightful
frigid	adj.	sexually unresponsive
frigid	adj.	extremely cold
frigid	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
frigidity	n.	sexual unresponsiveness (especially of women) and inability to achieve orgasm during intercourse
frigidity	n.	the absence of heat
frigidity	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
frigidness	n.	sexual unresponsiveness (especially of women) and inability to achieve orgasm during intercourse
frigidness	n.	the absence of heat
frigidness	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
frill	n.	(paleontology) a bony plate that curves upward behind the skull of many ceratopsian dinosaurs
frill	n.	an external body part consisting of feathers or hair about the neck of a bird or other animal
frill	n.	a strip of pleated material used as a decoration or a trim
frill	n.	ornamental objects of no great value
frilly	adj.	having decorative ruffles or frills
fringe	n.	the outside boundary or surface of something
fringe	n.	a part of the city far removed from the center
fringe	n.	one of the light or dark bands produced by the interference and diffraction of light
fringe	n.	a social group holding marginal or extreme views
fringe	n.	a border of hair that is cut short and hangs across the forehead
fringe	n.	an ornamental border consisting of short lengths of hanging threads or tassels
fringe	v.	adorn with a fringe
fringe	v.	decorate with or as if with a surrounding fringe
frippery	n.	something of little value or significance
frisbee	n.	a light, plastic disk about 10 inches in diameter; propelled with a flip of the wrist for recreation or competition
frisian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Friesland or Frisia
frisian	n.	a West Germanic language spoken in Friesland in the northwestern Netherlands; a near relative of English
frisian	adj.	of or relating to the people or culture or language of Friesland or Frisia
frisk	n.	the act of searching someone for concealed weapons or illegal drugs
frisk	v.	play boisterously
frisk	v.	search as for concealed weapons by running the hands rapidly over the clothing and through the pockets
friskily	adv.	in a playfully frisky manner
friskiness	n.	lively high-spirited playfulness
frisky	adj.	playful like a lively kitten
frisson	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
fritter	n.	small quantity of fried batter containing fruit or meat or vegetables
fritter	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
frivolity	n.	the trait of being frivolous; not serious or sensible
frivolity	n.	something of little value or significance
frivolity	n.	acting like a clown or buffoon
frivolous	adj.	not serious in content or attitude or behavior
frivolousness	n.	the trait of being frivolous; not serious or sensible
frizz	n.	the condition of being formed into small tight curls
frizz	v.	curl tightly
frizzle	v.	fry something until it curls and becomes crisp
frizzle	v.	curl tightly
frizzy	adj.	(of hair) in small tight curls
frobisher	n.	English explorer who led an expedition in search of the Northwest Passage to the orient; served under Drake and helped defeat the Spanish Armada (1535-1594)
frock	n.	a habit worn by clerics
frock	n.	a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice
frock	v.	put a frock on
frog	n.	any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species
frog	n.	a person of French descent
frog	n.	a decorative loop of braid or cord
frog	v.	hunt frogs for food
frogging	v.	hunt frogs for food
frogman	n.	someone who works underwater
frogmarch	v.	march a person against his will by any method
frogmarch	v.	carry someone against his will upside down such that each limb is held by one person
frogmen	n.	someone who works underwater
frolic	n.	gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement
frolic	v.	play boisterously
frolicked	v.	play boisterously
frolicking	v.	play boisterously
frolicsome	adj.	given to merry frolicking
frond	n.	compound leaf of a fern or palm or cycad
front	n.	the side that is forward or prominent
front	n.	the line along which opposing armies face each other
front	n.	the outward appearance of a person
front	n.	the side that is seen or that goes first
front	n.	a person used as a cover for some questionable activity
front	n.	a sphere of activity involving effort
front	n.	(meteorology) the atmospheric phenomenon created at the boundary between two different air masses
front	n.	the immediate proximity of someone or something
front	n.	the part of something that is nearest to the normal viewer
front	n.	a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals
front	v.	be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to
front	v.	confront bodily
front	adj.	relating to or located in the front
frontage	n.	the extent of land abutting on a street or water
frontage	n.	the direction in which something (such as a building) faces
frontage	n.	the face or front of a building
frontal	n.	an adornment worn on the forehead
frontal	n.	a drapery that covers the front of an altar
frontal	n.	the face or front of a building
frontal	adj.	belonging to the front part
frontal	adj.	of or relating to the front of an advancing mass of air
frontal	adj.	meeting front to front
frontal	adj.	of or adjacent to the forehead or frontal bone
frontier	n.	a wilderness at the edge of a settled area of a country
frontier	n.	an international boundary or the area (often fortified) immediately inside the boundary
frontier	n.	an undeveloped field of study; a topic inviting research and development
frontiersman	n.	a man who lives on the frontier
frontiersmen	n.	a man who lives on the frontier
frontierswoman	n.	a woman who lives on the frontier
frontierswomen	n.	a woman who lives on the frontier
frontispiece	n.	an ornamental facade
frontispiece	n.	front illustration facing the title page of a book
frontward	adv.	at or to or toward the front; ; ; ; (`forrad' and `forrard' are dialectal variations)
frost	n.	ice crystals forming a white deposit (especially on objects outside)
frost	n.	weather cold enough to cause freezing
frost	n.	the formation of frost or ice on a surface
frost	n.	United States poet famous for his lyrical poems on country life in New England (1874-1963)
frost	v.	decorate with frosting
frost	v.	provide with a rough or speckled surface or appearance
frost	v.	cover with frost
frost	v.	damage by frost
frostbite	n.	destruction of tissue by freezing and characterized by tingling, blistering and possibly gangrene
frostbitten	adj.	injured by freezing or partial freezing
frostily	adv.	without warmth or enthusiasm
frostiness	n.	coldness as evidenced by frost
frostiness	n.	a silvery-white color
frosting	n.	a flavored sugar topping used to coat and decorate cakes
frosting	v.	decorate with frosting
frosting	v.	provide with a rough or speckled surface or appearance
frosting	v.	cover with frost
frosting	v.	damage by frost
frosty	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
frosty	adj.	covered with frost; ; -Wm.Faulkner
frosty	adj.	pleasantly cold and invigorating
froth	n.	a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid
froth	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
froth	v.	make froth or foam and become bubbly
froth	v.	exude or expel foam
frothiness	n.	the property of giving off bubbles
froths	n.	a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid
froths	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
froths	v.	make froth or foam and become bubbly
froths	v.	exude or expel foam
frothy	adj.	emitting or filled with bubbles as from carbonation or fermentation
frothy	adj.	marked by high spirits or excitement
frown	n.	a facial expression of dislike or displeasure
frown	v.	look angry or sullen, wrinkle one's forehead, as if to signal disapproval
frowzy	adj.	negligent of neatness especially in dress and person; habitually dirty and unkempt
froze	v.	stop moving or become immobilized
froze	v.	change to ice
froze	v.	be cold
froze	v.	cause to freeze
froze	v.	stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it
froze	v.	be very cold, below the freezing point
froze	v.	change from a liquid to a solid when cold
froze	v.	prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)
froze	v.	anesthetize by cold
froze	v.	suddenly behave coldly and formally
frozen	v.	stop moving or become immobilized
frozen	v.	change to ice
frozen	v.	be cold
frozen	v.	cause to freeze
frozen	v.	stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it
frozen	v.	be very cold, below the freezing point
frozen	v.	change from a liquid to a solid when cold
frozen	v.	prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)
frozen	v.	anesthetize by cold
frozen	v.	suddenly behave coldly and formally
frozen	adj.	turned into ice; affected by freezing or by long and severe cold
frozen	adj.	absolutely still
frozen	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
frozen	adj.	not thawed
frozen	adj.	(used of foods) preserved by freezing sufficiently rapidly to retain flavor and nutritional value
frozen	adj.	not convertible to cash
frozen	adj.	incapable of being changed or moved or undone; e.g.
fructify	v.	become productive or fruitful
fructify	v.	make productive or fruitful
fructify	v.	bear fruit
fructose	n.	a simple sugar found in honey and in many ripe fruits
frugal	adj.	avoiding waste
frugality	n.	prudence in avoiding waste
fruit	n.	the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant
fruit	n.	an amount of a product
fruit	n.	the consequence of some effort or action
fruit	v.	cause to bear fruit
fruit	v.	bear fruit
fruitcake	n.	a whimsically eccentric person
fruitcake	n.	a rich cake containing dried fruit and nuts and citrus peel and so on
fruiterer	n.	a person who sells fruit
fruitful	adj.	productive or conducive to producing in abundance
fruitfulness	n.	the quality of something that causes or assists healthy growth
fruitfulness	n.	the intellectual productivity of a creative imagination
fruition	n.	the condition of bearing fruit
fruition	n.	enjoyment derived from use or possession
fruition	n.	something that is made real or concrete
fruitless	adj.	unproductive of success
fruitlessness	n.	a lack of creative imagination
fruitlessness	n.	the quality of yielding nothing of value
fruity	adj.	tasting or smelling richly of or as of fruit
fruity	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
frump	n.	a dull unattractive unpleasant girl or woman
frumpish	adj.	primly out of date
frumpy	adj.	primly out of date
frunze	n.	the capital of Kyrgyzstan (known as Frunze 1926-1991)
frustrate	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
frustrate	v.	treat cruelly
frustrating	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
frustrating	v.	treat cruelly
frustrating	adj.	discouraging by hindering
frustrating	adj.	preventing realization or attainment of a desire
frustration	n.	the feeling that accompanies an experience of being thwarted in attaining your goals
frustration	n.	an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts
frustration	n.	a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized
frustum	n.	a truncated cone or pyramid; the part that is left when a cone or pyramid is cut by a plane parallel to the base and the apical part is removed
fry	n.	English painter and art critic (1866-1934)
fry	n.	English dramatist noted for his comic verse dramas (born 1907)
fry	n.	a young person of either sex
fry	v.	be excessively hot
fry	v.	cook on a hot surface using fat
fry	v.	kill by electrocution, as in the electric chair
frye	n.	Canadian literary critic interested in the use of myth and symbolism (1912-1991)
fryer	n.	flesh of a medium-sized young chicken suitable for frying
ft	n.	a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard
ftc	n.	an independent agency of the United States federal government that maintains fair and free competition; enforces federal antitrust laws; educates the public about identity theft
ftp	n.	protocol that allows users to copy files between their local system and any system they can reach on the network
ftp	v.	use the file transfer protocol to transfer data from one computer to another
fuchs	n.	British physicist who was born in Germany and fled Nazi persecution; in the 1940s he passed secret information to the USSR about the development of the atom bomb in the United States (1911-1988)
fuchsia	n.	any of various tropical shrubs widely cultivated for their showy drooping purplish or reddish or white flowers; Central and South America and New Zealand and Tahiti
fuck	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
fuck	v.	have sexual intercourse with
fucker	n.	someone who engages in sexual intercourse
fucker	n.	a stupid despised man
fuckhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
fuddle	n.	a confused multitude of things
fuddle	v.	make stupid with alcohol
fuddle	v.	consume alcohol
fuddle	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
fudge	n.	soft creamy candy
fudge	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
fudge	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
fuel	n.	a substance that can be consumed to produce energy
fuel	v.	provide with a combustible substance that provides energy
fuel	v.	provide with fuel
fuel	v.	take in fuel, as of a ship
fuel	v.	stimulate
fuentes	n.	Mexican novelist (born in 1928)
fug	n.	(British informal) an airless smoky smelly atmosphere
fugal	adj.	of or relating to or in the style of a musical fugue
fuggy	adj.	(British informal) poorly ventilated
fugitive	n.	someone who flees from an uncongenial situation
fugitive	n.	someone who is sought by law officers; someone trying to elude justice
fugitive	adj.	lasting for a markedly brief time
fugue	n.	dissociative disorder in which a person forgets who they are and leaves home to creates a new life; during the fugue there is no memory of the former life; after recovering there is no memory for events during the dissociative state
fugue	n.	a dreamlike state of altered consciousness that may last for hours or days
fugue	n.	a musical form consisting of a theme repeated a fifth above or a fourth below its first statement
fuji	n.	shrubby Japanese cherry tree having pale pink blossoms
fuji	n.	an extinct volcano in south central Honshu that is the highest peak in Japan; last erupted in 1707; famous for its symmetrical snow-capped peak; a sacred mountain and site for pilgrimages
fujiyama	n.	an extinct volcano in south central Honshu that is the highest peak in Japan; last erupted in 1707; famous for its symmetrical snow-capped peak; a sacred mountain and site for pilgrimages
fukuoka	n.	a city in southern Japan on Kyushu
fulani	n.	a member of a pastoral and nomadic people of western Africa; they are traditionally cattle herders of Muslim faith
fulani	n.	a family of languages of the Fulani of West Africa and used as a lingua franca in the sub-Saharan regions from Senegal to Chad; the best known of the West African languages
fulbright	n.	United States senator who is remembered for his creation of grants that fund exchange programs of teachers and students between the United States and other countries (1905-1995)
fulcrum	n.	the pivot about which a lever turns
fulfill	v.	put in effect
fulfill	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
fulfill	v.	fill or meet a want or need
fulfilled	v.	put in effect
fulfilled	v.	fill or meet a want or need
fulfilled	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
fulfilled	adj.	completed to perfection
fulfilling	v.	put in effect
fulfilling	v.	fill or meet a want or need
fulfilling	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
fulfillment	n.	a feeling of satisfaction at having achieved your desires
fulfillment	n.	the act of consummating something (a desire or promise etc)
full	n.	the time when the Moon is fully illuminated
full	v.	beat for the purpose of cleaning and thickening
full	v.	make (a garment) fuller by pleating or gathering
full	v.	increase in phase
full	adj.	containing as much or as many as is possible or normal
full	adj.	constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
full	adj.	complete in extent or degree and in every particular
full	adj.	filled to satisfaction with food or drink
full	adj.	(of sound) having marked deepness and body
full	adj.	having the normally expected amount
full	adj.	being at a peak or culminating point
full	adj.	having ample fabric
full	adv.	to the greatest degree or extent; completely or entirely; (`full' in this sense is used as a combining form)
fullback	n.	(football) the running back who plays the fullback position on the offensive team
fullback	n.	(American football) the position of a back on a football team
fullback	v.	play the fullback
fuller	n.	United States jurist and chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1833-1910)
fuller	n.	United States architect who invented the geodesic dome (1895-1983)
fuller	n.	a workman who fulls (cleans and thickens) freshly woven cloth for a living
fuller	adj.	containing as much or as many as is possible or normal
fuller	adj.	constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
fuller	adj.	complete in extent or degree and in every particular
fuller	adj.	filled to satisfaction with food or drink
fuller	adj.	(of sound) having marked deepness and body
fuller	adj.	having the normally expected amount
fuller	adj.	being at a peak or culminating point
fuller	adj.	having ample fabric
fullness	n.	completeness over a broad scope
fullness	n.	the property of a sensation that is rich and pleasing
fullness	n.	the condition of being filled to capacity
fullness	n.	greatness of volume
fully	adv.	to the greatest degree or extent; completely or entirely; (`full' in this sense is used as a combining form)
fully	adv.	sufficiently; more than adequately
fully	adv.	referring to a quantity
fulminate	n.	a salt or ester of fulminic acid
fulminate	v.	criticize severely
fulminate	v.	come on suddenly and intensely
fulminate	v.	cause to explode violently and with loud noise
fulmination	n.	thunderous verbal attack
fulmination	n.	the act of exploding with noise and violence
fulsome	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
fulsomeness	n.	excessive but superficial compliments given with affected charm
fulsomeness	n.	smug self-serving earnestness
fulton	n.	American inventor who designed the first commercially successful steamboat and the first steam warship (1765-1815)
fumble	n.	(sports) dropping the ball
fumble	v.	feel about uncertainly or blindly
fumble	v.	make one's way clumsily or blindly
fumble	v.	handle clumsily
fumble	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
fumble	v.	drop or juggle or fail to play cleanly a grounder
fumbler	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
fumbling	v.	feel about uncertainly or blindly
fumbling	v.	make one's way clumsily or blindly
fumbling	v.	handle clumsily
fumbling	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
fumbling	v.	drop or juggle or fail to play cleanly a grounder
fumbling	adj.	showing lack of skill or aptitude
fume	n.	a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas
fume	v.	be mad, angry, or furious
fume	v.	emit a cloud of fine particles
fume	v.	treat with fumes, expose to fumes, especially with the aim of disinfecting or eradicating pests
fume	v.	be wet with sweat or blood, as of one's face
fumigant	n.	a chemical substance used in fumigation
fumigate	v.	treat with fumes, expose to fumes, especially with the aim of disinfecting or eradicating pests
fumigation	n.	the application of a gas or smoke to something for the purpose of disinfecting it
fumigator	n.	someone whose job is to fumigate
fumigator	n.	a device that generates a gas for the purpose of disinfecting or eradicating pests
fun	n.	activities that are enjoyable or amusing
fun	n.	verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously)
fun	n.	violent and excited activity
fun	n.	a disposition to find (or make) causes for amusement
funafuti	n.	capital of Tuvalu
function	n.	(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function)
function	n.	what something is used for
function	n.	the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group
function	n.	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another
function	n.	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony
function	n.	a vaguely specified social event
function	n.	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program
function	v.	perform as expected when applied
function	v.	serve a purpose, role, or function
function	v.	perform duties attached to a particular office or place or function
functional	adj.	designed for or capable of a particular function or use
functional	adj.	involving or affecting function rather than physiology
functional	adj.	relating to or based on function especially as opposed to structure
functional	adj.	fit or ready for use or service
functional	adj.	designed for or adapted to a function or use
functional	adj.	(of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing
functionalism	n.	a psychology based on the assumption that all mental process are useful to an organism in adapting to the environment
functionalism	n.	any doctrine that stresses utility or purpose
functionalist	n.	an adherent of functionalism
functionality	n.	capable of serving a purpose well
functionary	n.	a worker who holds or is invested with an office
fund	n.	a reserve of money set aside for some purpose
fund	n.	a supply of something available for future use
fund	n.	a financial institution that sells shares to individuals and invests in securities issued by other companies
fund	v.	convert (short-term floating debt) into long-term debt that bears fixed interest and is represented by bonds
fund	v.	place or store up in a fund for accumulation
fund	v.	provide a fund for the redemption of principal or payment of interest
fund	v.	invest money in government securities
fund	v.	accumulate a fund for the discharge of a recurrent liability
fund	v.	furnish money for
fundamental	n.	any factor that could be considered important to the understanding of a particular business
fundamental	n.	the lowest tone of a harmonic series
fundamental	adj.	serving as an essential component
fundamental	adj.	being or involving basic facts or principles
fundamental	adj.	far-reaching and thoroughgoing in effect especially on the nature of something
fundamentalism	n.	the interpretation of every word in the sacred texts as literal truth
fundamentalist	n.	a supporter of fundamentalism
fundamentalist	adj.	of or relating to or tending toward fundamentalism
funded	v.	convert (short-term floating debt) into long-term debt that bears fixed interest and is represented by bonds
funded	v.	place or store up in a fund for accumulation
funded	v.	provide a fund for the redemption of principal or payment of interest
funded	v.	invest money in government securities
funded	v.	accumulate a fund for the discharge of a recurrent liability
funded	v.	furnish money for
funded	adj.	furnished with funds
funding	n.	financial resources provided to make some project possible
funding	n.	the act of financing
funding	v.	convert (short-term floating debt) into long-term debt that bears fixed interest and is represented by bonds
funding	v.	place or store up in a fund for accumulation
funding	v.	provide a fund for the redemption of principal or payment of interest
funding	v.	invest money in government securities
funding	v.	accumulate a fund for the discharge of a recurrent liability
funding	v.	furnish money for
fundraiser	n.	someone who solicits financial contributions
fundraiser	n.	a social function that is held for the purpose of raising money
fundraising	v.	raise money for a cause or project
funeral	n.	a ceremony at which a dead person is buried or cremated
funerary	adj.	of or for or relating to a funeral
funereal	adj.	suited to or suggestive of a grave or burial
funfair	n.	a commercially operated park with stalls and shows for amusement
funfair	n.	a traveling show; having sideshows and rides and games of skill etc.
fungal	adj.	of or relating to fungi
fungi	n.	the taxonomic kingdom including yeast, molds, smuts, mushrooms, and toadstools; distinct from the green plants
fungi	n.	an organism of the kingdom Fungi lacking chlorophyll and feeding on organic matter; ranging from unicellular or multicellular organisms to spore-bearing syncytia
fungible	n.	a commodity that is freely interchangeable with another in satisfying an obligation
fungible	adj.	of goods or commodities; freely exchangeable for or replaceable by another of like nature or kind in the satisfaction of an obligation
fungicidal	adj.	capable of destroying fungi
fungicide	n.	any agent that destroys or prevents the growth of fungi
fungoid	adj.	resembling fungi
fungous	adj.	of or relating to fungi
fungus	n.	an organism of the kingdom Fungi lacking chlorophyll and feeding on organic matter; ranging from unicellular or multicellular organisms to spore-bearing syncytia
funicular	n.	a railway up the side of a mountain pulled by a moving cable and having counterbalancing ascending and descending cars
funicular	adj.	relating to or operated by a cable
funk	n.	a state of nervous depression
funk	n.	United States biochemist (born in Poland) who showed that several diseases were caused by dietary deficiencies and who coined the term `vitamin' for the chemicals involved (1884-1967)
funk	n.	an earthy type of jazz combining it with blues and soul; has a heavy bass line that accentuates the first beat in the bar
funk	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
funky	adj.	offensively malodorous
funky	adj.	(of jazz) having the soulful feeling of early blues
funky	adj.	stylish and modern in an unconventional way
funky	adj.	in a state of cowardly fright
funnel	n.	a conical shape with a wider and a narrower opening at the two ends
funnel	n.	a conically shaped utensil having a narrow tube at the small end; used to channel the flow of substances into a container with a small mouth
funnel	n.	(nautical) smokestack consisting of a shaft for ventilation or the passage of smoke (especially the smokestack of a ship)
funnel	v.	move or pour through a funnel
funnily	adv.	in a strange manner
funniness	n.	a comic incident or series of incidents
funny	n.	an account of an amusing incident (usually with a punch line)
funny	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
funny	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
funny	adj.	not as expected
funny	adj.	experiencing odd bodily sensations
fur	n.	the dressed hairy coat of a mammal
fur	n.	dense coat of fine silky hairs on mammals (e.g., cat or seal or weasel)
fur	n.	a garment made of the dressed hairy coat of a mammal
furbelow	n.	a strip of pleated material used as a decoration or a trim
furbish	v.	polish and make shiny
furies	n.	a feeling of intense anger
furies	n.	state of violent mental agitation
furies	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
furies	n.	(classical mythology) the hideous snake-haired monsters (usually three in number) who pursued unpunished criminals
furious	adj.	marked by extreme and violent energy
furious	adj.	marked by extreme anger
furious	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
furl	v.	form into a cylinder by rolling
furlong	n.	a unit of length equal to 220 yards
furlough	n.	a temporary leave of absence from military duty
furlough	v.	dismiss, usually for economic reasons
furlough	v.	grant a leave to
furloughs	n.	a temporary leave of absence from military duty
furloughs	v.	dismiss, usually for economic reasons
furloughs	v.	grant a leave to
furnace	n.	an enclosed chamber in which heat is produced to heat buildings, destroy refuse, smelt or refine ores, etc.
furnish	v.	give something useful or necessary to
furnish	v.	provide or equip with furniture
furnished	v.	give something useful or necessary to
furnished	v.	provide or equip with furniture
furnished	adj.	provided with whatever is necessary for a purpose (as furniture or equipment or authority)
furnishings	n.	(usually plural) accessory wearing apparel
furnishings	n.	(usually plural) the instrumentalities (furniture and appliances and other movable accessories including curtains and rugs) that make a home (or other area) livable
furnishings	n.	the act of decorating a house or room
furniture	n.	furnishings that make a room or other area ready for occupancy
furor	n.	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
furor	n.	a sudden outburst (as of protest)
furosemide	n.	commonly used diuretic (trade name Lasix) used to treat hypertension and edema
furred	adj.	covered with a dense coat of fine silky hairs
furrier	n.	someone whose occupation is making or repairing fur garments
furrier	adj.	covered with a dense coat of fine silky hairs
furring	n.	a furlike coating of matter as on the tongue
furring	n.	strip used to give a level surface for attaching wallboard
furrow	n.	a long shallow trench in the ground (especially one made by a plow)
furrow	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
furrow	v.	hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove
furrow	v.	make wrinkled or creased
furrow	v.	cut a furrow into a columns
furry	adj.	covered with a dense coat of fine silky hairs
further	v.	promote the growth of
further	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
further	adj.	more distant in especially degree
further	adv.	to or at a greater extent or degree or a more advanced stage (`further' is used more often than `farther' in this abstract sense)
further	adv.	in addition or furthermore
further	adv.	to or at a greater distance in time or space (`farther' is used more frequently than `further' in this physical sense)
further	adv.	to a considerable degree; very much
further	adv.	at or to or from a great distance in space
further	adv.	at or to a certain point or degree
further	adv.	remote in time
further	adv.	to an advanced stage or point
furtherance	n.	encouragement of the progress or growth or acceptance of something
furtherance	n.	the advancement of some enterprise
furthermore	adv.	in addition
furthermost	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
furthest	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
furthest	adv.	to the greatest degree or extent or most advanced stage (`furthest' is used more often than `farthest' in this abstract sense)
furthest	adv.	to the greatest distance in space or time (`farthest' is used more often than `furthest' in this physical sense)
furtive	adj.	marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed
furtive	adj.	secret and sly or sordid; ; - A.L.Guerard
furtiveness	n.	a disposition to be sly and stealthy and to do things surreptitiously
fury	n.	a feeling of intense anger
fury	n.	state of violent mental agitation
fury	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
fury	n.	(classical mythology) the hideous snake-haired monsters (usually three in number) who pursued unpunished criminals
furze	n.	very spiny and dense evergreen shrub with fragrant golden-yellow flowers; common throughout western Europe
fuse	n.	an electrical device that can interrupt the flow of electrical current when it is overloaded
fuse	n.	any igniter that is used to initiate the burning of a propellant
fuse	v.	mix together different elements
fuse	v.	become plastic or fluid or liquefied from heat
fuse	v.	equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse
fuse	v.	make liquid or plastic by heating
fusee	n.	a spirally grooved spindle in a clock that counteracts the diminishing power of the uncoiling mainspring
fusee	n.	a colored flare used as a warning signal by trucks and trains
fusee	n.	a friction match with a large head that will stay alight in the wind
fusee	n.	any igniter that is used to initiate the burning of a propellant
fuselage	n.	the central body of an airplane that is designed to accommodate the crew and passengers (or cargo)
fusible	adj.	capable of being melted and fused
fusilier	n.	(formerly) a British infantryman armed with a light flintlock musket
fusillade	n.	rapid simultaneous discharge of firearms
fusillade	v.	attack with fusillade
fusion	n.	an occurrence that involves the production of a union
fusion	n.	the state of being combined into one body
fusion	n.	the merging of adjacent sounds or syllables or words
fusion	n.	a nuclear reaction in which nuclei combine to form more massive nuclei with the simultaneous release of energy
fusion	n.	the combining of images from the two eyes to form a single visual percept
fusion	n.	correction of an unstable part of the spine by joining two or more vertebrae; usually done surgically but sometimes done by traction or immobilization
fusion	n.	the act of fusing (or melting) together
fuss	n.	an excited state of agitation
fuss	n.	an angry disturbance
fuss	n.	a quarrel about petty points
fuss	n.	a rapid active commotion
fuss	v.	worry unnecessarily or excessively
fuss	v.	care for like a mother
fussily	adv.	in a fussy manner
fussiness	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
fussiness	n.	unnecessary elaborateness in details
fusspot	n.	thinks about unfortunate things that might happen
fussy	adj.	annoyed and irritable
fussy	adj.	overcrowded or cluttered with detail
fussy	adj.	exacting especially about details
fustian	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
fustian	n.	a strong cotton and linen fabric with a slight nap
fusty	adj.	stale and unclean smelling
fusty	adj.	old-fashioned and out of date
futile	adj.	producing no result or effect
futile	adj.	unproductive of success
futility	n.	uselessness as a consequence of having no practical result
futon	n.	mattress consisting of a pad of cotton batting that is used for sleeping on the floor or on a raised frame
future	n.	the time yet to come
future	n.	a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the future
future	n.	bulk commodities bought or sold at an agreed price for delivery at a specified future date
future	adj.	yet to be or coming
future	adj.	effective in or looking toward the future
future	adj.	(of elected officers) elected but not yet serving
future	adj.	a verb tense or other formation referring to events or states that have not yet happened
futurism	n.	an artistic movement in Italy around 1910 that tried to express the energy and values of the machine age
futurism	n.	the position that the meaning of life should be sought in the future
futurist	n.	a theologian who believes that the Scripture prophecies of the Apocalypse (the Book of Revelation) will be fulfilled in the future
futurist	n.	someone who predicts the future
futurist	adj.	of or relating to futurism
futuristic	adj.	of or relating to futurism
futurity	n.	the time yet to come
futurity	n.	the quality of being in or of the future
futurology	n.	the study or prediction of future developments on the basis of existing conditions
fuzz	n.	filamentous hairlike growth on a plant
fuzz	n.	uncomplimentary terms for a policeman
fuzz	n.	a hazy or indistinct representation
fuzz	n.	the first beard of an adolescent boy
fuzziness	n.	the quality of being indistinct and without sharp outlines
fuzzy	adj.	covering with fine light hairs
fuzzy	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
fuzzy	adj.	confused and not coherent; not clearly thought out
g	n.	a metric unit of weight equal to one thousandth of a kilogram
g	n.	a purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with cytosine
g	n.	one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
g	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
g	n.	a unit of force equal to the force exerted by gravity; used to indicate the force to which a body is subjected when it is accelerated
g	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 megabytes or 10^9 (1,000,000,000) bytes
g	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 mebibytes or 2^30 (1,073,741,824) bytes
g	n.	(physics) the universal constant relating force to mass and distance in Newton's law of gravitation
g	n.	the 7th letter of the Roman alphabet
ga	n.	the first known nerve agent, synthesized by German chemists in 1936; a highly toxic combustible liquid that is soluble in organic solvents and is used as a nerve gas in chemical warfare
ga	n.	a rare silvery (usually trivalent) metallic element; brittle at low temperatures but liquid above room temperature; occurs in trace amounts in bauxite and zinc ores
ga	n.	a state in southeastern United States; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
gab	n.	light informal conversation for social occasions
gab	v.	talk profusely
gabardine	n.	a firm durable fabric with a twill weave
gabardine	n.	(usually in the plural) trousers made of flannel or gabardine or tweed or white cloth
gabardine	n.	a loose coverall (coat or frock) reaching down to the ankles
gabble	n.	rapid and indistinct speech
gabble	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
gabby	adj.	full of trivial conversation
gaberdine	n.	a loose coverall (coat or frock) reaching down to the ankles
gabfest	n.	light informal conversation for social occasions
gable	n.	the vertical triangular wall between the sloping ends of gable roof
gable	n.	United States film actor (1901-1960)
gabon	n.	a republic on the west coast of Africa
gabonese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Gabon
gabonese	adj.	of or relating to Gabon or its inhabitants
gaborone	n.	capital and largest city of Botswana in the extreme southeast
gabriel	n.	(Bible) the archangel who was the messenger of God
gad	n.	an anxiety disorder characterized by chronic free-floating anxiety and such symptoms as tension or sweating or trembling or lightheadedness or irritability etc that has lasted for more than six months
gad	n.	a sharp prod fixed to a rider's heel and used to urge a horse onward
gad	v.	wander aimlessly in search of pleasure
gadabout	n.	a restless seeker after amusement or social companionship
gadded	v.	wander aimlessly in search of pleasure
gadding	v.	wander aimlessly in search of pleasure
gadfly	n.	a persistently annoying person
gadfly	n.	any of various large flies that annoy livestock
gadget	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
gadgetry	n.	appliances collectively
gadolinium	n.	a ductile silvery-white ductile ferromagnetic trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group
gadsden	n.	an industrial town in north central Alabama
gaea	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of the earth and mother of Cronus and the Titans in ancient mythology
gael	n.	a Gaelic-speaking Celt in Ireland or Scotland or the Isle of Man
gaelic	n.	any of several related languages of the Celts in Ireland and Scotland
gaelic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the Celts
gaff	n.	a sharp metal spike or spur that is fastened to the leg of a gamecock
gaff	n.	a spar rising aft from a mast to support the head of a quadrilateral fore-and-aft sail
gaff	n.	an iron hook with a handle; used for landing large fish
gaffe	n.	a socially awkward or tactless act
gaffer	n.	an elderly man
gaffer	n.	an electrician responsible for lighting on a movie or tv set
gaffer	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
gag	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
gag	n.	restraint put into a person's mouth to prevent speaking or shouting
gag	v.	prevent from speaking out
gag	v.	be too tight; rub or press
gag	v.	tie a gag around someone's mouth in order to silence them
gag	v.	make jokes or quips
gag	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
gag	v.	cause to retch or choke
gag	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
gaga	adj.	mentally or physically infirm with age
gaga	adj.	intensely enthusiastic about or preoccupied with
gagarin	n.	Soviet cosmonaut who in 1961 was the first person to travel in space (1934-1968)
gage	n.	street names for marijuana
gage	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring and indicating a quantity such as the thickness of wire or the amount of rain etc.
gage	v.	place a bet on
gagged	v.	prevent from speaking out
gagged	v.	be too tight; rub or press
gagged	v.	tie a gag around someone's mouth in order to silence them
gagged	v.	make jokes or quips
gagged	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
gagged	v.	cause to retch or choke
gagged	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
gagging	v.	prevent from speaking out
gagging	v.	be too tight; rub or press
gagging	v.	tie a gag around someone's mouth in order to silence them
gagging	v.	make jokes or quips
gagging	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
gagging	v.	cause to retch or choke
gagging	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
gaggle	n.	a flock of geese
gaggle	v.	make a noise characteristic of a goose
gaia	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of the earth and mother of Cronus and the Titans in ancient mythology
gaiety	n.	a gay feeling
gaiety	n.	a festive merry feeling
gaily	adv.	in a gay manner
gain	n.	a quantity that is added
gain	n.	the advantageous quality of being beneficial
gain	n.	the amount of increase in signal power or voltage or current expressed as the ratio of output to input
gain	n.	the amount by which the revenue of a business exceeds its cost of operating
gain	v.	obtain
gain	v.	win something through one's efforts
gain	v.	derive a benefit from
gain	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
gain	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
gain	v.	rise in rate or price
gain	v.	increase or develop
gain	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
gain	v.	increase (one's body weight)
gainer	n.	a person who gains weight
gainer	n.	a person who gains (gains an advantage or gains profits)
gainer	n.	a dive in which the diver throws the feet forward to complete a full backward somersault and enters the water feet first and facing away from the diving board
gaines	v.	obtain
gaines	v.	win something through one's efforts
gaines	v.	derive a benefit from
gaines	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
gaines	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
gaines	v.	rise in rate or price
gaines	v.	increase or develop
gaines	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
gaines	v.	increase (one's body weight)
gainesville	n.	a university town in north central Florida
gainful	adj.	yielding a fair profit
gainsaid	v.	take exception to
gainsay	v.	take exception to
gainsborough	n.	English portrait and landscape painter (1727-1788)
gait	n.	the rate of moving (especially walking or running)
gait	n.	a horse's manner of moving
gait	n.	a person's manner of walking
gaiter	n.	a cloth covering (a legging) that covers the instep and ankles
gaiter	n.	a shoe covering the ankle with elastic gores in the sides
gaiter	n.	legging consisting of a cloth or leather covering for the leg from the knee to the ankle
gal	n.	United States liquid unit equal to 4 quarts or 3.785 liters
gal	n.	a unit of gravitational acceleration equal to one centimeter per second per second (named after Galileo)
gal	n.	alliterative term for girl (or woman)
gala	n.	a gay festivity
galactic	adj.	of or relating to a galaxy (especially our galaxy the Milky Way)
galactic	adj.	inconceivably large
galahad	n.	(Arthurian legend) the most virtuous knight of the Round Table; was able to see the Holy Grail
galapagos	n.	a group of islands in the Pacific off South America; owned by Ecuador; known for unusual animal life
galatea	n.	(Greek mythology) a maiden who was first a sculpture created by Pygmalion and was brought to life by Aphrodite in answer to Pygmalion's prayers
galatia	n.	an ancient country in central Asia Minor
galatians	n.	a New Testament book containing the epistle from Saint Paul to the Galatians
galatians	n.	a native or inhabitant of Galatia in Asia Minor (especially a member of a people believed to have been Gauls who conquered Galatia in the 3rd century BC)
galaxy	n.	a splendid assemblage (especially of famous people)
galaxy	n.	tufted evergreen perennial herb having spikes of tiny white flowers and glossy green round to heart-shaped leaves that become coppery to maroon or purplish in fall
galaxy	n.	(astronomy) a collection of star systems; any of the billions of systems each having many stars and nebulae and dust
galbraith	n.	United States economist (born in Canada) who served as ambassador to India (born in 1908)
gale	n.	a strong wind moving 45-90 knots; force 7 to 10 on Beaufort scale
galen	n.	Greek anatomist whose theories formed the basis of European medicine until the Renaissance (circa 130-200)
galena	n.	soft blue-grey mineral; lead sulfide; a major source of lead
galilean	n.	an inhabitant of Galilee (an epithet of Jesus Christ)
galilean	n.	one of the four satellites of Jupiter that were discovered by Galileo
galilean	adj.	of or relating to Galileo or his works
galilean	adj.	of or relating to Galilee or its inhabitants
galilee	n.	an area of northern Israel; formerly the northern part of Palestine and the ancient kingdom of Israel; the scene of Jesus's ministry
galileo	n.	Italian astronomer and mathematician who was the first to use a telescope to study the stars; demonstrated that different weights descend at the same rate; perfected the refracting telescope that enabled him to make many discoveries (1564-1642)
gall	n.	an open sore on the back of a horse caused by ill-fitting or badly adjusted saddle
gall	n.	a skin sore caused by chafing
gall	n.	abnormal swelling of plant tissue caused by insects or microorganisms or injury
gall	n.	a feeling of deep and bitter anger and ill-will
gall	n.	a digestive juice secreted by the liver and stored in the gallbladder; aids in the digestion of fats
gall	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
gall	v.	become or make sore by or as if by rubbing
gall	v.	irritate or vex
gallant	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
gallant	n.	a man who attends or escorts a woman
gallant	adj.	unflinching in battle or action
gallant	adj.	lively and spirited
gallant	adj.	having or displaying great dignity or nobility
gallant	adj.	being attentive to women like an ideal knight
gallantry	n.	the qualities of a hero or heroine; exceptional or heroic courage when facing danger (especially in battle)
gallantry	n.	courtesy towards women
gallantry	n.	polite attentiveness to women
gallbladder	n.	a muscular sac attached to the liver that stores bile (secreted by the liver) until it is needed for digestion
galleon	n.	a large square-rigged sailing ship with three or more masts; used by the Spanish for commerce and war from the 15th to 18th centuries
galleria	n.	a genus of Pyralidae
gallery	n.	spectators at a golf or tennis match
gallery	n.	a porch along the outside of a building (sometimes partly enclosed)
gallery	n.	a room or series of rooms where works of art are exhibited
gallery	n.	a long usually narrow room used for some specific purpose
gallery	n.	a covered corridor (especially one extending along the wall of a building and supported with arches or columns)
gallery	n.	narrow recessed balcony area along an upper floor on the interior of a building; usually marked by a colonnade
gallery	n.	a horizontal (or nearly horizontal) passageway in a mine
galley	n.	a large medieval vessel with a single deck propelled by sails and oars with guns at stern and prow; a complement of 1,000 men; used mainly in the Mediterranean for war and trading
galley	n.	(classical antiquity) a crescent-shaped seagoing vessel propelled by oars
galley	n.	the kitchen area for food preparation on an airliner
galley	n.	the area for food preparation on a ship
gallic	adj.	of or pertaining to Gaul or the Gauls
gallic	adj.	of or pertaining to France or the people of France
gallicism	n.	a word or phrase borrowed from French
gallimaufry	n.	a motley assortment of things
gallium	n.	a rare silvery (usually trivalent) metallic element; brittle at low temperatures but liquid above room temperature; occurs in trace amounts in bauxite and zinc ores
gallivant	v.	wander aimlessly in search of pleasure
gallon	n.	United States liquid unit equal to 4 quarts or 3.785 liters
gallon	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 4 quarts or 4.545 liters
gallop	n.	a fast gait of a horse; a two-beat stride during which all four legs are off the ground simultaneously
gallop	v.	ride at a galloping pace
gallop	v.	go at galloping speed
gallop	v.	cause to move at full gallop
galloway	n.	a district in southwestern Scotland
galloway	n.	breed of hardy black chiefly beef cattle native to Scotland
gallows	n.	an instrument of execution consisting of a wooden frame from which a condemned person is executed by hanging
gallstone	n.	a calculus formed in the gall bladder or its ducts
gallup	n.	a town in northwestern New Mexico near the Arizona border
galois	n.	French mathematician who described the conditions for solving polynomial equations; was killed in a duel at the age of 21 (1811-1832)
galoot	n.	a disreputable or clumsy man
galore	adj.	in great numbers
galore	adj.	existing in abundance
galosh	n.	a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow
galsworthy	n.	English novelist (1867-1933)
galumph	v.	move around heavily and clumsily
galumphs	v.	move around heavily and clumsily
galvani	n.	Italian physiologist noted for his discovery that frogs' muscles contracted in an electric field (which led to the galvanic cell) (1737-1798)
galvanic	adj.	pertaining to or producing electric current by chemical action
galvanic	adj.	affected by emotion as if by electricity; thrilling
galvanism	n.	electricity produced by chemical action
galvanism	n.	the therapeutic application of electricity to the body (as in the treatment of various forms of paralysis)
galvanization	n.	stimulation with a galvanic current
galvanization	n.	stimulation that arouses a person to lively action
galvanization	n.	either the work of covering with metal by the use of a galvanic current or the coating of iron with zinc to protect it from rusting
galvanize	v.	to stimulate to action
galvanize	v.	cover with zinc
galvanize	v.	stimulate (muscles) by administering a shock
galvanometer	n.	meter for detecting or comparing or measuring small electric currents
galveston	n.	a town in southeast Texas on Galveston Island
gambia	n.	a narrow republic surrounded by Senegal in West Africa
gambian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Gambia
gambian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Gambia or its inhabitants
gambit	n.	an opening remark intended to secure an advantage for the speaker
gambit	n.	a maneuver in a game or conversation
gambit	n.	a chess move early in the game in which the player sacrifices minor pieces in order to obtain an advantageous position
gamble	n.	money that is risked for possible monetary gain
gamble	n.	a risky act or venture
gamble	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
gamble	v.	play games for money
gambler	n.	a person who wagers money on the outcome of games or sporting events
gambler	n.	someone who risks loss or injury in the hope of gain or excitement
gambling	n.	the act of playing for stakes in the hope of winning (including the payment of a price for a chance to win a prize)
gambling	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
gambling	v.	play games for money
gambol	n.	gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement
gambol	v.	play boisterously
game	n.	a contest with rules to determine a winner
game	n.	a single play of a sport or other contest
game	n.	an amusement or pastime
game	n.	animal hunted for food or sport
game	n.	(tennis) a division of play during which one player serves
game	n.	(games) the score at a particular point or the score needed to win
game	n.	the flesh of wild animals that is used for food
game	n.	a secret scheme to do something (especially something underhand or illegal)
game	n.	the game equipment needed in order to play a particular game
game	n.	your occupation or line of work
game	n.	frivolous or trifling behavior
game	v.	place a bet on
game	adj.	disabled in the feet or legs
game	adj.	willing to face danger
gamecock	n.	a cock bred and trained for fighting
gamecock	n.	someone who is a very fierce fighter
gamekeeper	n.	a person employed to take care of game and wildlife
gameness	n.	disability of walking due to crippling of the legs or feet
gamesmanship	n.	the use of dubious (although not technically illegal) methods to win a game
gamete	n.	a mature sexual reproductive cell having a single set of unpaired chromosomes
gamin	n.	(sometimes offensive) a homeless boy who has been abandoned and roams the streets
gamine	n.	a homeless girl who roams the streets
gamine	n.	a girl of impish appeal
gaminess	n.	behavior or language bordering on indelicacy
gaming	n.	the act of playing for stakes in the hope of winning (including the payment of a price for a chance to win a prize)
gaming	v.	place a bet on
gamma	n.	the 3rd letter of the Greek alphabet
gamma	n.	a unit of magnetic field strength equal to one-hundred-thousandth of an oersted
gamma	n.	Portuguese navigator who led an expedition around the Cape of Good Hope in 1497; he sighted and named Natal on Christmas Day before crossing the Indian Ocean (1469-1524)
gammon	n.	meat cut from the thigh of a hog (usually smoked)
gammon	n.	hind portion of a side of bacon
gammy	adj.	(British informal) sore or lame
gamow	n.	United States physicist (born in Russia) who was a proponent of the big-bang theory and who did research in radioactivity and suggested the triplet code for DNA (1904-1968)
gamut	n.	a complete extent or range:
gamut	n.	the entire scale of musical notes
gamy	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
gamy	adj.	(used of the smell of meat) smelling spoiled or tainted
gamy	adj.	willing to face danger
gander	n.	mature male goose
gandhi	n.	daughter of Nehru who served as prime minister of India from 1966 to 1977 (1917-1984)
gandhi	n.	political and spiritual leader during India's struggle with Great Britain for home rule; an advocate of passive resistance (1869-1948)
gandhian	adj.	of or relating to Mahatma Gandhi or his teachings
ganesha	n.	Hindu god of wisdom or prophecy; the god who removes obstacles
gang	n.	an association of criminals
gang	n.	an informal body of friends
gang	n.	an organized group of workmen
gang	n.	tool consisting of a combination of implements arranged to work together
gang	v.	act as an organized group
ganges	n.	an Asian river; rises in the Himalayas and flows east into the Bay of Bengal; a sacred river of the Hindus
ganges	v.	act as an organized group
gangland	n.	underworld organizations
ganglia	n.	an encapsulated neural structure consisting of a collection of cell bodies or neurons
gangling	adj.	tall and thin and having long slender limbs
gangling	adj.	tall and thin
ganglion	n.	an encapsulated neural structure consisting of a collection of cell bodies or neurons
gangplank	n.	a temporary bridge for getting on and off a vessel at dockside
gangrene	n.	necrotic tissue; a mortified or gangrenous part or mass
gangrene	n.	the localized death of living cells (as from infection or the interruption of blood supply)
gangrene	v.	undergo necrosis
gangrenous	adj.	suffering from tissue death
gangsta	n.	(Black English) a member of a youth gang
gangster	n.	a criminal who is a member of gang
gangway	n.	a temporary passageway of planks (as over mud on a building site)
gangway	n.	a temporary bridge for getting on and off a vessel at dockside
gangway	n.	passageway between seating areas as in an auditorium or passenger vehicle or between areas of shelves of goods as in stores
ganja	n.	a strong-smelling plant from whose dried leaves a number of euphoriant and hallucinogenic drugs are prepared
ganja	n.	the most commonly used illicit drug; considered a soft drug, it consists of the dried leaves of the hemp plant; smoked or chewed for euphoric effect
gannet	n.	large heavily built seabird with a long stout bill noted for its plunging dives for fish
gansu	n.	a province in north-central China; formerly part of the Silk Road to Turkistan and India and Persia
gantlet	n.	to offer or accept a challenge
gantlet	n.	a glove of armored leather; protects the hand
gantlet	n.	a glove with long sleeve
gantlet	n.	the convergence of two parallel railroad tracks in a narrow place; the inner rails cross and run parallel and then diverge so a train remains on its own tracks at all times
gantlet	n.	a form of punishment in which a person is forced to run between two lines of men facing each other and armed with clubs or whips to beat the victim
gantry	n.	a framework of steel bars raised on side supports to bridge over or around something; can display railway signals above several tracks or can support a traveling crane etc.
ganymede	n.	(Greek mythology) a Trojan boy who was so beautiful that Zeus carried him away to serve as cupbearer to the gods
ganymede	n.	the largest of Jupiter's satellites
gao	n.	an independent nonpartisan federal agency that acts as the investigative arm of Congress making the executive branch accountable to Congress and the government accountable to citizens of the United States
gap	n.	a conspicuous disparity or difference as between two figures
gap	n.	an open or empty space in or between things
gap	n.	a narrow opening
gap	n.	a pass between mountain peaks
gap	n.	a difference (especially an unfortunate difference) between two opinions or two views or two situations
gap	n.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity
gap	v.	make an opening or gap in
gape	n.	an expression of openmouthed astonishment
gape	n.	a stare of amazement (usually with the mouth open)
gape	v.	look with amazement; look stupidly
gape	v.	be wide open
gar	n.	primitive predaceous North American fish covered with hard scales and having long jaws with needlelike teeth
gar	n.	elongate European surface-dwelling predacious fishes with long toothed jaws; abundant in coastal waters
garage	n.	an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles
garage	n.	a repair shop where cars and trucks are serviced and repaired
garage	v.	keep or store in a garage
garb	n.	clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion
garb	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
garbage	n.	food that is discarded (as from a kitchen)
garbage	n.	a worthless message
garbage	n.	a receptacle where waste can be discarded
garbageman	n.	someone employed to collect and dispose of refuse
garbanzo	n.	the seed of the chickpea plant
garbanzo	n.	large white roundish Asiatic legume; usually dried
garble	v.	make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story
garbo	n.	United States film actress (born in Sweden) known for her reclusiveness (1905-1990)
garden	n.	a plot of ground where plants are cultivated
garden	n.	the flowers or vegetables or fruits or herbs that are cultivated in a garden
garden	n.	a yard or lawn adjoining a house
garden	v.	work in the garden
gardener	n.	someone who takes care of a garden
gardener	n.	someone employed to work in a garden
gardenia	n.	any of various shrubs and small trees of the genus Gardenia having large fragrant white or yellow flowers
gardening	n.	the cultivation of plants
gardening	v.	work in the garden
gardner	n.	United States collector and patron of art who built a museum in Boston to house her collection and opened it to the public in 1903 (1840-1924)
gardner	n.	writer of detective novels featuring Perry Mason (1889-1970)
garfield	n.	20th President of the United States; assassinated by a frustrated office-seeker (1831-1881)
garfish	n.	primitive predaceous North American fish covered with hard scales and having long jaws with needlelike teeth
gargantua	n.	a voracious giant in Francois Rabelais' book of the same name
gargantuan	adj.	of great mass; huge and bulky
gargle	n.	a medicated solution used for gargling and rinsing the mouth
gargle	n.	the sound produced while gargling
gargle	v.	utter with gargling or burbling sounds
gargle	v.	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash
gargoyle	n.	a spout that terminates in a grotesquely carved figure of a person or animal
gargoyle	n.	an ornament consisting of a grotesquely carved figure of a person or animal
garibaldi	n.	Italian patriot whose conquest of Sicily and Naples led to the formation of the Italian state (1807-1882)
garibaldi	n.	a loose high-necked blouse with long sleeves; styled after the red flannel shirts worn by Garibaldi's soldiers
garish	adj.	tastelessly showy
garishness	n.	tasteless showiness
garishness	n.	strident color or excessive ornamentation
garland	n.	United States singer and film actress (1922-1969)
garland	n.	a city in northeastern Texas (suburb of Dallas)
garland	n.	an anthology of short literary pieces and poems and ballads etc.
garland	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
garland	v.	adorn with bands of flowers or leaves
garlic	n.	bulbous herb of southern Europe widely naturalized; bulb breaks up into separate strong-flavored cloves
garlic	n.	aromatic bulb used as seasoning
garlicky	adj.	relating to or tasting or smelling of garlic
garment	n.	an article of clothing
garment	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
garner	n.	a storehouse for threshed grain or animal feed
garner	v.	acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions
garner	v.	store grain
garner	v.	assemble or get together
garnet	n.	any of a group of hard glassy minerals (silicates of various metals) used as gemstones and as an abrasive
garnish	n.	something (such as parsley) added to a dish for flavor or decoration
garnish	n.	any decoration added as a trimming or adornment
garnish	v.	take a debtor's wages on legal orders, such as for child support
garnish	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
garnishee	n.	a wage earner who is served with a garnishment
garnishee	v.	take a debtor's wages on legal orders, such as for child support
garnisheeing	v.	take a debtor's wages on legal orders, such as for child support
garnishment	n.	a court order to an employer to withhold all or part of an employee's wages and to send the money to the court or to the person who won a lawsuit against the employee
garret	n.	floor consisting of open space at the top of a house just below roof; often used for storage
garrick	n.	English actor and theater manager who was the foremost Shakespearean actor of his day (1717-1779)
garrison	n.	a fortified military post where troops are stationed
garrison	n.	United States abolitionist who published an anti-slavery journal (1805-1879)
garrison	n.	the troops who maintain and guard a fortified place
garrison	v.	station (troops) in a fort or garrison
garrote	n.	an instrument of execution for execution by strangulation
garrote	v.	strangle with an iron collar
garroter	n.	someone who kills by strangling
garrulity	n.	the quality of being wordy and talkative
garrulous	adj.	full of trivial conversation
garrulousness	n.	the quality of being wordy and talkative
garter	n.	a band (usually elastic) worn around the leg to hold up a stocking (or around the arm to hold up a sleeve)
garter	v.	fasten with or as if with a garter
gary	n.	a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production
gas	n.	the state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by: relatively low density and viscosity; relatively great expansion and contraction with changes in pressure and temperature; the ability to diffuse readily; and the spontaneous tendency to become distributed uniformly throughout any container
gas	n.	a fluid in the gaseous state having neither independent shape nor volume and being able to expand indefinitely
gas	n.	a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and heptane and octane etc.) derived from petroleum; used mainly as a fuel in internal-combustion engines
gas	n.	a state of excessive gas in the alimentary canal
gas	n.	a pedal that controls the throttle valve
gas	n.	a fossil fuel in the gaseous state; used for cooking and heating homes
gas	v.	attack with gas; subject to gas fumes
gas	v.	show off
gasbag	n.	a boring person who talks a great deal about uninteresting topics
gasbag	n.	the bag containing the gas in a balloon
gascony	n.	a region of southwestern France
gaseous	adj.	existing as or having characteristics of a gas
gash	n.	a wound made by cutting
gash	n.	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation
gash	n.	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument
gash	v.	cut open
gasket	n.	seal consisting of a ring for packing pistons or sealing a pipe joint
gaslight	n.	light yielded by the combustion of illuminating gas
gasman	n.	someone employed by a gas company
gasmen	n.	someone employed by a gas company
gasohol	n.	a gasoline substitute consisting of 90% gasoline and 10% grain alcohol from corn
gasoline	n.	a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and heptane and octane etc.) derived from petroleum; used mainly as a fuel in internal-combustion engines
gasometer	n.	a meter for measuring the amount of gas flowing through a particular pipe
gasometer	n.	a large gas-tight spherical or cylindrical tank for holding gas to be used as fuel
gasp	n.	a short labored intake of breath with the mouth open
gasp	v.	breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted
gassed	v.	attack with gas; subject to gas fumes
gassed	v.	show off
gasses	n.	the state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by: relatively low density and viscosity; relatively great expansion and contraction with changes in pressure and temperature; the ability to diffuse readily; and the spontaneous tendency to become distributed uniformly throughout any container
gasses	n.	a fluid in the gaseous state having neither independent shape nor volume and being able to expand indefinitely
gasses	n.	a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and heptane and octane etc.) derived from petroleum; used mainly as a fuel in internal-combustion engines
gasses	n.	a state of excessive gas in the alimentary canal
gasses	n.	a pedal that controls the throttle valve
gasses	n.	a fossil fuel in the gaseous state; used for cooking and heating homes
gasses	v.	attack with gas; subject to gas fumes
gasses	v.	show off
gassing	n.	the process of interacting with gas
gassing	n.	the deliberate act of poisoning some person or animal with gas
gassing	v.	attack with gas; subject to gas fumes
gassing	v.	show off
gassy	adj.	resembling gas
gassy	adj.	suffering from excessive gas in the alimentary canal
gastric	adj.	relating to or involving the stomach
gastritis	n.	inflammation of the lining of the stomach; nausea and loss of appetite and discomfort after eating
gastroenteritis	n.	inflammation of the stomach and intestines; can be caused by Salmonella enteritidis
gastroenterology	n.	the branch of medicine that studies the gastrointestinal tract and its diseases
gastrointestinal	adj.	of or relating to the stomach and intestines
gastronome	n.	a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
gastronomic	adj.	of or relating to gastronomy
gastronomical	adj.	of or relating to gastronomy
gastronomy	n.	a particular style of cookery (as of a region)
gastronomy	n.	the art and practice of choosing and preparing and eating good food
gastropod	n.	a class of mollusks typically having a one-piece coiled shell and flattened muscular foot with a head bearing stalked eyes
gasworks	n.	the workplace where coal gas is manufactured
gate	n.	a movable barrier in a fence or wall
gate	n.	a computer circuit with several inputs but only one output that can be activated by particular combinations of inputs
gate	n.	total admission receipts at a sports event
gate	n.	passageway (as in an air terminal) where passengers can embark or disembark
gate	v.	supply with a gate
gate	v.	control with a valve or other device that functions like a gate
gate	v.	restrict (school boys') movement to the dormitory or campus as a means of punishment
gateau	n.	any of various rich and elaborate cakes
gateaux	n.	any of various rich and elaborate cakes
gatecrasher	n.	someone who gets in (to a party) without an invitation or without paying
gatehouse	n.	a house built at a gateway; usually the gatekeeper's residence
gatekeeper	n.	someone who controls access to something
gatekeeper	n.	someone who guards an entrance
gatepost	n.	either of two posts that bound a gate
gates	n.	United States computer entrepreneur whose software company made him the youngest multi-billionaire in the history of the United States (born in 1955)
gates	n.	a movable barrier in a fence or wall
gates	n.	a computer circuit with several inputs but only one output that can be activated by particular combinations of inputs
gates	n.	total admission receipts at a sports event
gates	n.	passageway (as in an air terminal) where passengers can embark or disembark
gates	v.	supply with a gate
gates	v.	control with a valve or other device that functions like a gate
gates	v.	restrict (school boys') movement to the dormitory or campus as a means of punishment
gateway	n.	an entrance that can be closed by a gate
gather	n.	sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in a line of stitching
gather	n.	the act of gathering something
gather	v.	assemble or get together
gather	v.	collect in one place
gather	v.	collect or gather
gather	v.	conclude from evidence
gather	v.	draw together into folds or puckers
gather	v.	get people together
gather	v.	draw and bring closer
gather	v.	look for (food) in nature
gather	v.	increase or develop
gatherer	n.	a person who gathers
gatherer	n.	a person who is employed to collect payments (as for rent or taxes)
gathering	n.	a group of persons together in one place
gathering	n.	the social act of assembling
gathering	n.	the act of gathering something
gathering	n.	sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in a line of stitching
gathering	v.	assemble or get together
gathering	v.	collect in one place
gathering	v.	collect or gather
gathering	v.	conclude from evidence
gathering	v.	draw together into folds or puckers
gathering	v.	get people together
gathering	v.	draw and bring closer
gathering	v.	look for (food) in nature
gathering	v.	increase or develop
gatling	n.	United States inventor of the first rapid firing gun (1818-1903)
gator	n.	either of two amphibious reptiles related to crocodiles but with shorter broader snouts
gatt	n.	a United Nations agency created by a multinational treaty to promote trade by the reduction of tariffs and import quotas
gauche	adj.	lacking social polish
gaucheness	n.	an impolite manner that is vulgar and lacking tact or refinement
gaucherie	n.	the quality of being rustic or gauche
gaucherie	n.	a socially awkward or tactless act
gaucho	n.	a cowboy of the South American pampas
gaudily	adv.	in a tastelessly garish manner
gaudiness	n.	tasteless showiness
gaudiness	n.	strident color or excessive ornamentation
gaudy	n.	(Britain) a celebratory reunion feast or entertainment held a college
gaudy	adj.	tastelessly showy
gaudy	adj.	(used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display
gauge	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring and indicating a quantity such as the thickness of wire or the amount of rain etc.
gauge	n.	accepted or approved instance or example of a quantity or quality against which others are judged or measured or compared
gauge	n.	the distance between the rails of a railway or between the wheels of a train
gauge	n.	the thickness of wire
gauge	n.	diameter of a tube or gun barrel
gauge	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
gauge	v.	rub to a uniform size
gauge	v.	determine the capacity, volume, or contents of by measurement and calculation
gauge	v.	measure precisely and against a standard
gauge	v.	adapt to a specified measurement
gauge	v.	mix in specific proportions
gauguin	n.	French Post-impressionist painter who worked in the South Pacific (1848-1903)
gaul	n.	a person of French descent
gaul	n.	a Celt of ancient Gaul
gaul	n.	an ancient region of western Europe that included what is now northern Italy and France and Belgium and part of Germany and the Netherlands
gaunt	adj.	very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold
gauntlet	n.	to offer or accept a challenge
gauntlet	n.	a glove of armored leather; protects the hand
gauntlet	n.	a glove with long sleeve
gauntlet	n.	a form of punishment in which a person is forced to run between two lines of men facing each other and armed with clubs or whips to beat the victim
gauntness	n.	extreme leanness (usually caused by starvation or disease)
gauss	n.	a unit of magnetic flux density equal to 1 maxwell per square centimeter
gauss	n.	German mathematician who developed the theory of numbers and who applied mathematics to electricity and magnetism and astronomy and geodesy (1777-1855)
gaussian	adj.	of or relating to Karl Gauss or his mathematical theories of magnetics or electricity or astronomy or probability
gautama	n.	founder of Buddhism; worshipped as a god (c 563-483 BC)
gauze	n.	(medicine) bleached cotton cloth of plain weave used for bandages and dressings
gauze	n.	a net of transparent fabric with a loose open weave
gauzy	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
gave	v.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense
gave	v.	be the cause or source of
gave	v.	transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody
gave	v.	convey or reveal information
gave	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
gave	v.	organize or be responsible for
gave	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
gave	v.	give as a present; make a gift of
gave	v.	cause to happen or be responsible for
gave	v.	dedicate
gave	v.	give or supply
gave	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
gave	v.	bring about
gave	v.	leave with; give temporarily
gave	v.	emit or utter
gave	v.	endure the loss of
gave	v.	place into the hands or custody of
gave	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
gave	v.	give (as medicine)
gave	v.	give or convey physically
gave	v.	bestow
gave	v.	bestow, especially officially
gave	v.	move in order to make room for someone for something
gave	v.	give food to
gave	v.	contribute to some cause
gave	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
gave	v.	estimate the duration or outcome of something
gave	v.	execute and deliver
gave	v.	deliver in exchange or recompense
gave	v.	afford access to
gave	v.	present to view
gave	v.	perform for an audience
gave	v.	be flexible under stress of physical force
gave	v.	propose
gave	v.	accord by verdict
gave	v.	manifest or show
gave	v.	offer in good faith
gave	v.	submit for consideration, judgment, or use
gave	v.	guide or direct, as by behavior of persuasion
gave	v.	allow to have or take
gave	v.	inflict as a punishment
gave	v.	occur
gave	v.	consent to engage in sexual intercourse with a man
gave	v.	proffer (a body part)
gavel	n.	a small mallet used by a presiding officer or a judge
gavotte	n.	an old formal French dance in quadruple time
gavotte	n.	music composed in quadruple time for dancing the gavotte
gawain	n.	(Arthurian legend) a nephew of Arthur and one of the knights of the Round Table
gawk	n.	an awkward stupid person
gawk	v.	look with amazement; look stupidly
gawkiness	n.	the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are extremely ungainly and inelegant
gawky	adj.	lacking grace in movement or posture
gawp	v.	look with amazement; look stupidly
gay	n.	someone who practices homosexuality; having a sexual attraction to persons of the same sex
gay	adj.	bright and pleasant; promoting a feeling of cheer
gay	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
gay	adj.	given to social pleasures often including dissipation
gay	adj.	brightly colored and showy
gay	adj.	offering fun and gaiety
gay	adj.	homosexual or arousing homosexual desires
gayness	n.	a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the same sex
gaza	n.	a coastal region at the southeastern corner of the Mediterranean bordering Israel and Egypt
gaze	n.	a long fixed look
gaze	v.	look at with fixed eyes
gazebo	n.	a small roofed building affording shade and rest
gazelle	n.	small swift graceful antelope of Africa and Asia having lustrous eyes
gazette	n.	a newspaper or official journal
gazette	v.	publish in a gazette
gazetteer	n.	a journalist who writes for a gazette
gazetteer	n.	a geographical dictionary (as at the back of an atlas)
gazillion	n.	a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)
gazpacho	n.	a soup made with chopped tomatoes and onions and cucumbers and peppers and herbs; served cold
gazump	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
gazump	v.	raise the price of something after agreeing on a lower price
gb	n.	a highly toxic chemical nerve agent that inhibits the activity of cholinesterase
gb	n.	a unit of magnetomotive force equal to 0.7958 ampere-turns
gb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 megabits or 10^9 (1,000,000,000) bits
gb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 megabytes or 10^9 (1,000,000,000) bytes
gb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 mebibytes or 2^30 (1,073,741,824) bytes
gb	n.	an island comprising England and Scotland and Wales
gd	n.	a nerve agent easily absorbed into the body; a lethal cholinesterase inhibitor that is highly toxic when inhaled
gd	n.	a ductile silvery-white ductile ferromagnetic trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group
gdansk	n.	a port city of northern Poland near the mouth of the Vistula River on a gulf of the Baltic Sea; a member of the Hanseatic League in the 14th century
gdp	n.	the measure of an economy adopted by the United States in 1991; the total market values of goods and services produced by workers and capital within a nation's borders during a given period (usually 1 year)
ge	n.	a brittle grey crystalline element that is a semiconducting metalloid (resembling silicon) used in transistors; occurs in germanite and argyrodite
ge	n.	(Greek mythology) goddess of the earth and mother of Cronus and the Titans in ancient mythology
gear	n.	a toothed wheel that engages another toothed mechanism in order to change the speed or direction of transmitted motion
gear	n.	wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed
gear	n.	a mechanism for transmitting motion for some specific purpose (as the steering gear of a vehicle)
gear	n.	equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.
gear	v.	set the level or character of
gearbox	n.	the shell (metal casing) in which a train of gears is sealed
gearing	n.	wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed
gearing	v.	set the level or character of
gearshift	n.	a mechanical device for engaging and disengaging gears
gecko	n.	any of various small chiefly tropical and usually nocturnal insectivorous terrestrial lizards typically with immovable eyelids; completely harmless
gee	n.	a unit of force equal to the force exerted by gravity; used to indicate the force to which a body is subjected when it is accelerated
gee	v.	turn to the right side
gee	v.	give a command to a horse to turn to the right side
geeing	v.	turn to the right side
geeing	v.	give a command to a horse to turn to the right side
geek	n.	a carnival performer who does disgusting acts
geek	n.	a person with an unusual or odd personality
geese	n.	web-footed long-necked typically gregarious migratory aquatic birds usually larger and less aquatic than ducks
geese	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
geese	n.	flesh of a goose (domestic or wild)
geezer	n.	a man who is (usually) old and/or eccentric
gehenna	n.	a place where the wicked are punished after death
gehrig	n.	baseball player who died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (1903-1941)
geiger	n.	German physicist who developed the Geiger counter (1882-1945)
geisha	n.	a Japanese woman trained to entertain men with conversation and singing and dancing
gel	n.	a colloid in a more solid form than a sol
gel	n.	a thin translucent membrane used over stage lights for color effects
gel	v.	become a gel
gel	v.	apply a styling gel to
gelatin	n.	a colorless water-soluble glutinous protein obtained from animal tissues such as bone and skin
gelatin	n.	an edible jelly (sweet or pungent) made with gelatin and used as a dessert or salad base or a coating for foods
gelatin	n.	a thin translucent membrane used over stage lights for color effects
gelatinous	adj.	thick like gelatin
geld	v.	cut off the testicles (of male animals such as horses)
gelding	n.	castrated male horse
gelding	v.	cut off the testicles (of male animals such as horses)
gelid	adj.	extremely cold
gelignite	n.	a type of dynamite in which the nitroglycerin is absorbed in a base of wood pulp and sodium or potassium nitrate
gelled	v.	become a gel
gelled	v.	apply a styling gel to
gelling	v.	become a gel
gelling	v.	apply a styling gel to
gem	n.	art highly prized for its beauty or perfection
gem	n.	a crystalline rock that can be cut and polished for jewelry
gem	n.	a person who is as brilliant and precious as a piece of jewelry
gem	n.	a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan
gem	n.	a precious or semiprecious stone incorporated into a piece of jewelry
gemini	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Gemini
gemini	n.	a zodiacal constellation in the northern hemisphere between Taurus and Cancer on the ecliptic
gemini	n.	the third sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about May 21 to June 20
gemstone	n.	a crystalline rock that can be cut and polished for jewelry
gen	n.	informal term for information
gendarme	n.	a French policeman
gender	n.	a grammatical category in inflected languages governing the agreement between nouns and pronouns and adjectives; in some languages it is quite arbitrary but in Indo-European languages it is usually based on sex or animateness
gender	n.	the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive roles
gene	n.	(genetics) a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a polypeptide chain; it can include regions preceding and following the coding DNA as well as introns between the exons; it is considered a unit of heredity
genealogical	adj.	of or relating to genealogy
genealogist	n.	an expert in genealogy
genealogy	n.	successive generations of kin
genealogy	n.	the study or investigation of ancestry and family history
genera	n.	a general kind of something
genera	n.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more species
general	n.	a general officer of the highest rank
general	n.	the head of a religious order or congregation
general	n.	a fact about the whole (as opposed to particular)
general	v.	command as a general
general	adj.	applying to all or most members of a category or group
general	adj.	not specialized or limited to one class of things
general	adj.	prevailing among and common to the general public
general	adj.	affecting the entire body
general	adj.	somewhat indefinite
general	adj.	of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley
generalissimo	n.	the officer who holds the supreme command
generalist	n.	a modern scholar who is in a position to acquire more than superficial knowledge about many different interests
generality	n.	an idea or conclusion having general application
generality	n.	the quality of being general or widespread or having general applicability
generalization	n.	reasoning from detailed facts to general principles
generalization	n.	an idea or conclusion having general application
generalization	n.	the process of formulating general concepts by abstracting common properties of instances
generalization	n.	(psychology) transfer of a response learned to one stimulus to a similar stimulus
generalize	v.	draw from specific cases for more general cases
generalize	v.	speak or write in generalities
generalize	v.	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use
generalize	v.	become systemic and spread throughout the body
generalship	n.	the leadership ability of a military general
generalship	n.	the office and authority of a general
generate	v.	bring into existence
generate	v.	give or supply
generate	v.	produce (energy)
generate	v.	make children
generation	n.	all the people living at the same time or of approximately the same age
generation	n.	group of genetically related organisms constituting a single step in the line of descent
generation	n.	the normal time between successive generations
generation	n.	a stage of technological development or innovation
generation	n.	a coming into being
generation	n.	the production of heat or electricity
generation	n.	the act of producing offspring or multiplying by such production
generational	adj.	of or relating to a generation
generations	n.	all the people living at the same time or of approximately the same age
generations	n.	group of genetically related organisms constituting a single step in the line of descent
generations	n.	the normal time between successive generations
generations	n.	a stage of technological development or innovation
generations	n.	a coming into being
generations	n.	the production of heat or electricity
generations	n.	the act of producing offspring or multiplying by such production
generator	n.	an apparatus that produces a vapor or gas
generator	n.	engine that converts mechanical energy into electrical energy by electromagnetic induction
generator	n.	someone who originates or causes or initiates something
generator	n.	an electronic device for producing a signal voltage
generic	n.	a wine that is a blend of several varieties of grapes with no one grape predominating; a wine that does not carry the name of any specific grape
generic	n.	any product that can be sold without a brand name
generic	adj.	relating to or common to or descriptive of all members of a genus
generic	adj.	(of drugs) not protected by trademark
generic	adj.	applicable to an entire class or group
generically	adv.	without a trademark or brand name
generically	adv.	as sharing a common genus
generosity	n.	the trait of being willing to give your money or time
generosity	n.	acting generously
generous	adj.	willing to give and share unstintingly
generous	adj.	not petty in character and mind
generous	adj.	more than adequate
generousness	n.	the trait of being willing to give your money or time
genes	n.	(genetics) a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a polypeptide chain; it can include regions preceding and following the coding DNA as well as introns between the exons; it is considered a unit of heredity
genesis	n.	a coming into being
genesis	n.	the first book of the Old Testament: tells of Creation; Adam and Eve; the Fall of Man; Cain and Abel; Noah and the flood; God's covenant with Abraham; Abraham and Isaac; Jacob and Esau; Joseph and his brothers
genet	n.	French diplomat who in 1793 tried to draw the United States into the war between France and England (1763-1834)
genet	n.	French writer of novels and dramas for the theater of the absurd (1910-1986)
genet	n.	agile Old World viverrine having a spotted coat and long ringed tail
genetic	adj.	occurring among members of a family usually by heredity
genetic	adj.	of or relating to or produced by or being a gene
genetic	adj.	pertaining to or referring to origin
genetic	adj.	of or relating to the science of genetics
genetically	adv.	by genetic mechanisms
geneticist	n.	a biologist who specializes in genetics
genetics	n.	the branch of biology that studies heredity and variation in organisms
geneva	n.	a city in southwestern Switzerland at the western end of Lake Geneva; it is the headquarters of various international organizations
geneva	n.	gin made in the Netherlands
genial	adj.	diffusing warmth and friendliness
genial	adj.	of or relating to the chin or median part of the lower jaw
genial	adj.	agreeable, conducive to comfort
geniality	n.	a disposition to be friendly and approachable (easy to talk to)
geniculate	adj.	bent at a sharp angle
genie	n.	(Islam) an invisible spirit mentioned in the Koran and believed by Muslims to inhabit the earth and influence mankind by appearing in the form of humans or animals
genii	n.	someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality
genii	n.	unusual mental ability
genii	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
genii	n.	exceptional creative ability
genii	n.	a natural talent
genital	adj.	of or relating to the external sex organs
genitalia	n.	external sex organ
genitals	n.	external sex organ
genitive	n.	the case expressing ownership
genitive	adj.	serving to express or indicate possession
genitourinary	adj.	of or related to the genital and urinary organs or their functions
genius	n.	someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality
genius	n.	unusual mental ability
genius	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
genius	n.	exceptional creative ability
genius	n.	a natural talent
genoa	n.	a seaport in northwestern Italy; provincial capital of Liguria
genocide	n.	systematic killing of a racial or cultural group
genome	n.	the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism
genomics	n.	the branch of genetics that studies organisms in terms of their genomes (their full DNA sequences)
genre	n.	a kind of literary or artistic work
genre	n.	a style of expressing yourself in writing
genre	n.	an expressive style of music
genre	n.	a class of art (or artistic endeavor) having a characteristic form or technique
gent	n.	informal abbreviation of `gentleman'
gent	n.	a boy or man
gent	n.	port city in northwestern Belgium and industrial center; famous for cloth industry
genteel	adj.	marked by refinement in taste and manners
genteelness	n.	elegance by virtue of fineness of manner and expression
gentian	n.	any of various plants of the family Gentianaceae especially the genera Gentiana and Gentianella and Gentianopsis
gentile	n.	a person who does not acknowledge your god
gentile	n.	a person who is not a member of one's own religion; used in this sense by Mormons and Hindus
gentile	n.	a Christian as contrasted with a Jew
gentile	n.	a Christian
gentile	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of non-Jewish peoples
gentility	n.	elegance by virtue of fineness of manner and expression
gentle	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
gentle	v.	give a title to someone; make someone a member of the nobility
gentle	v.	stroke soothingly
gentle	adj.	soft and mild; not harsh or stern or severe
gentle	adj.	having or showing a kindly or tender nature
gentle	adj.	quiet and soothing
gentle	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy
gentle	adj.	easily handled or managed
gentle	adj.	having little impact
gentle	adj.	marked by moderate steepness
gentlefolk	n.	people of good family and breeding and high social status
gentlefolks	n.	people of good family and breeding and high social status
gentleman	n.	a man of refinement
gentleman	n.	a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer
gentlemanly	adj.	befitting a man of good breeding
gentlemen	n.	a man of refinement
gentlemen	n.	a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer
gentleness	n.	the property possessed by a slope that is very gradual
gentleness	n.	acting in a manner that is gentle and mild and even-tempered
gentlewoman	n.	a woman of refinement
gentlewomen	n.	a woman of refinement
gently	adv.	in a gradual manner
gently	adv.	in a gentle manner
gently	adv.	with little weight or force
gentrification	n.	the restoration of run-down urban areas by the middle class (resulting in the displacement of low-income residents)
gentrify	v.	renovate so as to make it conform to middle-class aspirations
gentry	n.	the most powerful members of a society
genuflect	v.	bend the knees and bow in church or before a religious superior or image
genuflect	v.	bend the knees and bow in a servile manner
genuflection	n.	the act of bending the knees in worship or reverence
genuine	adj.	not fake or counterfeit
genuine	adj.	not pretended; sincerely felt or expressed
genuine	adj.	being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton
genuineness	n.	the state of being genuine
genuineness	n.	undisputed credibility
genus	n.	a general kind of something
genus	n.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more species
geocentric	adj.	having the earth as the center
geochemistry	n.	the chemistry of the earth's crust
geode	n.	(mineralogy) a hollow rock or nodule with the cavity usually lined with crystals
geodesic	n.	(mathematics) the shortest line between two points on a mathematically defined surface (as a straight line on a plane or an arc of a great circle on a sphere)
geodesic	adj.	of or relating to or determined by geodesy
geodesy	n.	the branch of geology that studies the shape of the earth and the determination of the exact position of geographical points
geodetic	adj.	of or relating to or determined by geodesy
geographer	n.	an expert on geography
geographic	adj.	of or relating to the science of geography
geographic	adj.	determined by geography
geographical	adj.	of or relating to the science of geography
geographical	adj.	determined by geography
geography	n.	study of the earth's surface; includes people's responses to topography and climate and soil and vegetation
geologic	adj.	of or relating to or based on geology
geological	adj.	of or relating to or based on geology
geologist	n.	a specialist in geology
geology	n.	a science that deals with the history of the earth as recorded in rocks
geometer	n.	a mathematician specializing in geometry
geometric	adj.	characterized by simple geometric forms in design and decoration
geometric	adj.	of or relating to or determined by geometry
geometrical	adj.	of or relating to or determined by geometry
geometrical	adj.	characterized by simple geometric forms in design and decoration
geometry	n.	the pure mathematics of points and lines and curves and surfaces
geophysical	adj.	of or concerned with geophysics
geophysicist	n.	a geologist who uses physical principles to study the properties of the earth
geophysics	n.	geology that uses physical principles to study properties of the earth
geopolitical	adj.	of or relating to geopolitics
geopolitics	n.	the study of the effects of economic geography on the powers of the state
george	n.	Christian martyr; patron saint of England; hero of the legend of Saint George and the Dragon in which he slew a dragon and saved a princess (?-303)
george	n.	King of Great Britain and Ireland and emperor of India from 1936 to 1947; he succeeded Edward VIII (1895-1952)
george	n.	King of Great Britain and Ireland and emperor of India from 1910 to 1936; gave up his German title in 1917 during World War I (1865-1936)
george	n.	King of Great Britain and Ireland and Hanover from 1820 to 1830; his attempt to divorce his estranged wife undermined the prestige of the Crown (1762-1830)
george	n.	King of Great Britain and Ireland from 1760 to 1820; the American colonies were lost during his reign; he became insane in 1811 and his son (later George IV) acted as regent until 1820 (1738-1820)
george	n.	King of Great Britain and Elector of Hanover from 1727 to 1760 (1683-1760)
george	n.	Elector of Hanover and the first Hanoverian King of Great Britain and Ireland from 1714 to 1727 (1660-1727)
georgetown	n.	a section of northwestern Washington, D.C.
georgetown	n.	port city and the capital and largest city of Guyana
georgette	n.	a thin silk dress material
georgia	n.	a state in southeastern United States; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
georgia	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
georgia	n.	a republic in Asia Minor on the Black Sea separated from Russia by the Caucasus mountains; formerly an Asian soviet but became independent in 1991
georgian	n.	a native or resident of the American state of Georgia
georgian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Georgia in Asia
georgian	n.	a southern Caucasian language with 3 million speakers and a long literary tradition
georgian	adj.	of or relating to the former British colony of Georgia
georgian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Asian republic of Georgia or its people or language
georgian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the American state of Georgia or its inhabitants
georgian	adj.	of or relating to the Hanoverian kings of England
geostationary	adj.	of or having a geosynchronous orbit such that the position in such an orbit is fixed with respect to the earth
geosynchronous	adj.	of or having an orbit with a fixed period of 24 hours (although the position in the orbit may not be fixed with respect to the earth)
geothermal	adj.	of or relating to the heat in the interior of the earth
geothermic	adj.	of or relating to the heat in the interior of the earth
geranium	n.	any of numerous plants of the family Geraniaceae
gerbil	n.	small Old World burrowing desert rodent with long soft pale fur and hind legs adapted for leaping
geriatric	adj.	of or relating to the aged
geriatric	adj.	of or relating to or practicing geriatrics
geriatrician	n.	a specialist in gerontology
geriatrics	n.	the branch of medical science that deals with diseases and problems specific to old people
germ	n.	anything that provides inspiration for later work
germ	n.	a small apparently simple structure (as a fertilized egg) from which new tissue can develop into a complete organism
germ	n.	a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium); the term is not in technical use
german	n.	a person of German nationality
german	n.	the standard German language; developed historically from West Germanic
german	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Germany or its people or language
germane	adj.	relevant and appropriate
germanic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European family of languages; members that are spoken currently fall into two major groups: Scandinavian and West Germanic
germanic	adj.	of or relating to the language of Germans
germanic	adj.	of or pertaining to the ancient Teutons or their languages
germanium	n.	a brittle grey crystalline element that is a semiconducting metalloid (resembling silicon) used in transistors; occurs in germanite and argyrodite
germany	n.	a republic in central Europe; split into East Germany and West Germany after World War II and reunited in 1990
germicidal	adj.	preventing infection by inhibiting the growth or action of microorganisms
germicide	n.	an agent (as heat or radiation or a chemical) that destroys microorganisms that might carry disease
germinal	n.	seventh month of the Revolutionary calendar (March and April); the month of buds
germinal	adj.	containing seeds of later development
germinate	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
germinate	v.	work out
germinate	v.	cause to grow or sprout
germination	n.	the process whereby seeds or spores sprout and begin to grow
germination	n.	the origin of some development
geronimo	n.	Apache chieftain who raided the white settlers in the Southwest as resistance to being confined to a reservation (1829-1909)
gerontological	adj.	of or relating to or practicing geriatrics
gerontologist	n.	a specialist in gerontology
gerontology	n.	the branch of medical science that deals with diseases and problems specific to old people
gerrymander	n.	an act of gerrymandering (dividing a voting area so as to give your own party an unfair advantage)
gerrymander	v.	divide unfairly and to one's advantage; of voting districts
gerrymandering	v.	divide unfairly and to one's advantage; of voting districts
gershwin	n.	United States lyricist who frequently collaborated with his brother George Gershwin (1896-1983)
gershwin	n.	United States composer who incorporated jazz into classical forms and composed scores for musical comedies (1898-1937)
gerund	n.	a noun formed from a verb (such as the `-ing' form of an English verb when used as a noun)
gestalt	n.	a configuration or pattern of elements so unified as a whole that it cannot be described merely as a sum of its parts
gestapo	n.	the secret state police in Nazi Germany; known for its terrorist methods
gestate	v.	have the idea for
gestate	v.	be pregnant with
gestation	n.	the period during which an embryo develops (about 266 days in humans)
gestation	n.	the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman carries a developing fetus in her uterus
gestation	n.	the conception and development of an idea or plan
gestational	adj.	of or relating to gestation
gesticulate	v.	show, express or direct through movement
gesticulation	n.	a deliberate and vigorous gesture or motion
gestural	adj.	used of the language of the deaf
gestural	adj.	being other than verbal communication
gesture	n.	motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling
gesture	n.	the use of movements (especially of the hands) to communicate familiar or prearranged signals
gesture	n.	something done as an indication of intention
gesture	v.	show, express or direct through movement
get	n.	a return on a shot that seemed impossible to reach and would normally have resulted in a point for the opponent
get	v.	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
get	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
get	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
get	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
get	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
get	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
get	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
get	v.	take vengeance on or get even
get	v.	achieve a point or goal
get	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
get	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
get	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
get	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
get	v.	communicate with a place or person; establish communication with, as if by telephone
get	v.	give certain properties to something
get	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
get	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
get	v.	attract and fix
get	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
get	v.	reach by calculation
get	v.	acquire as a result of some effort or action
get	v.	purchase
get	v.	perceive by hearing
get	v.	suffer from the receipt of
get	v.	receive as a retribution or punishment
get	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
get	v.	reach and board
get	v.	irritate
get	v.	evoke an emotional response
get	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
get	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
get	v.	overcome or destroy
get	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
get	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
get	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
get	v.	make children
getaway	n.	the attribute of being capable of rapid acceleration
getaway	n.	a rapid escape (as by criminals)
getting	n.	the act of acquiring something
getting	v.	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
getting	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
getting	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
getting	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
getting	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
getting	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
getting	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
getting	v.	take vengeance on or get even
getting	v.	achieve a point or goal
getting	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
getting	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
getting	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
getting	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
getting	v.	communicate with a place or person; establish communication with, as if by telephone
getting	v.	give certain properties to something
getting	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
getting	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
getting	v.	attract and fix
getting	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
getting	v.	reach by calculation
getting	v.	acquire as a result of some effort or action
getting	v.	purchase
getting	v.	perceive by hearing
getting	v.	suffer from the receipt of
getting	v.	receive as a retribution or punishment
getting	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
getting	v.	reach and board
getting	v.	irritate
getting	v.	evoke an emotional response
getting	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
getting	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
getting	v.	overcome or destroy
getting	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
getting	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
getting	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
getting	v.	make children
gettysburg	n.	a small town in southern Pennsylvania; site of a national cemetery
gettysburg	n.	a battle of the American Civil War (1863); the defeat of Robert E. Lee's invading Confederate Army was a major victory for the Union
getup	n.	a set of clothing (with accessories)
gewgaw	n.	cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing
geyser	n.	a spring that discharges hot water and steam
geyser	v.	to overflow like a geyser
ghana	n.	a republic in West Africa on the Gulf of Guinea
ghanaian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Ghana or its people or language
ghastliness	n.	the quality of being ghastly
ghastly	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
ghastly	adj.	gruesomely indicative of death or the dead
ghat	n.	stairway in India leading down to a landing on the water
ghats	n.	stairway in India leading down to a landing on the water
ghee	n.	clarified butter used in Indian cookery
ghent	n.	port city in northwestern Belgium and industrial center; famous for cloth industry
gherkin	n.	any of various small cucumbers pickled whole
gherkin	n.	small prickly cucumber
ghetto	n.	formerly the restricted quarter of many European cities in which Jews were required to live
ghetto	n.	any segregated mode of living or working that results from bias or stereotyping
ghetto	n.	a poor densely populated city district occupied by a minority ethnic group linked together by economic hardship and social restrictions
ghettoize	v.	put in a ghetto
ghost	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
ghost	n.	a writer who gives the credit of authorship to someone else
ghost	n.	the visible disembodied soul of a dead person
ghost	n.	a suggestion of some quality
ghost	v.	move like a ghost
ghost	v.	haunt like a ghost; pursue
ghost	v.	write for someone else
ghostliness	n.	strangeness by virtue of being mysterious and inspiring fear
ghostly	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a phantom
ghostwrite	v.	write for someone else
ghostwriter	n.	a writer who gives the credit of authorship to someone else
ghostwritten	v.	write for someone else
ghostwrote	v.	write for someone else
ghoul	n.	someone who takes bodies from graves and sells them for anatomical dissection
ghoul	n.	an evil spirit or ghost
ghoulish	adj.	suggesting the horror of death and decay
ghq	n.	military headquarters from which a military commander controls and organizes the forces
ghz	n.	1,000,000,000 periods per second
gi	n.	a unit of magnetomotive force equal to 0.7958 ampere-turns
gi	v.	clean in preparation for inspection
gi	adj.	of or relating to the stomach and intestines
giacometti	n.	Swiss sculptor and painter known for his bronze sculptures of elongated figures (1901-1966)
giant	n.	any creature of exceptional size
giant	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
giant	n.	an unusually large enterprise
giant	n.	a very large person; impressive in size or qualities
giant	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
giant	n.	an imaginary figure of superhuman size and strength; appears in folklore and fairy tales
giant	n.	a very bright star of large diameter and low density (relative to the Sun)
giant	adj.	of great mass; huge and bulky
giantess	n.	a female giant
gibber	n.	unintelligible talking
gibber	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
gibber	v.	chatter inarticulately; of monkeys
gibberish	n.	unintelligible talking
gibbet	n.	alternative terms for gallows
gibbet	v.	hang on an execution instrument
gibbet	v.	expose to ridicule or public scorn
gibbon	n.	English historian best known for his history of the Roman Empire (1737-1794)
gibbon	n.	smallest and most perfectly anthropoid arboreal ape having long arms and no tail; of southern Asia and East Indies
gibbous	adj.	characteristic of or suffering from kyphosis, an abnormality of the vertebral column
gibbous	adj.	(used of the moon) more than half full
gibbs	n.	United States chemist (1839-1903)
gibe	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
gibe	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
gibe	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
giblet	n.	edible viscera of a fowl
gibraltar	n.	location of a colony of the United Kingdom on a limestone promontory at the southern tip of Spain; strategically important because it can control the entrance of ships into the Mediterranean; one of the Pillars of Hercules
gibson	n.	United States illustrator remembered for his creation of the `Gibson girl' (1867-1944)
gibson	n.	Australian actor (born in the United States in 1956)
gibson	n.	United States tennis player who was the first Black woman player to win all the major world singles titles (1927-2003)
giddily	adv.	in a giddy light-headed manner
giddiness	n.	an impulsive scatterbrained manner
giddiness	n.	a reeling sensation; a feeling that you are about to fall
giddy	adj.	having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling
giddy	adj.	lacking seriousness; given to frivolity
gide	n.	French author and dramatist who is regarded as the father of modern French literature (1869-1951)
gielgud	n.	English actor of Shakespearean roles who was also noted for appearances in films (1904-2000)
gift	n.	something acquired without compensation
gift	n.	natural abilities or qualities
gift	n.	the act of giving
gift	v.	give qualities or abilities to
gift	v.	give as a present; make a gift of
gig	n.	long and light rowing boat; especially for racing
gig	n.	an implement with a shaft and barbed point used for catching fish
gig	n.	a cluster of hooks (without barbs) that is drawn through a school of fish to hook their bodies; used when fish are not biting
gig	n.	tender that is a light ship's boat; often for personal use of captain
gig	n.	small two-wheeled horse-drawn carriage; with two seats and no hood
gig	n.	a booking for musicians
gigabit	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 megabits or 10^9 (1,000,000,000) bits
gigabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 megabytes or 10^9 (1,000,000,000) bytes
gigabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 mebibytes or 2^30 (1,073,741,824) bytes
gigahertz	n.	1,000,000,000 periods per second
gigantic	adj.	so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth
giggle	n.	a foolish or nervous laugh
giggle	v.	laugh nervously
giggler	n.	a person who laughs nervously
gigo	n.	(computer science) a rule stating that the quality of the output is a function of the quality of the input; put garbage in and you get garbage out
gigolo	n.	a man who has sex with and is supported by a woman
gila	n.	a river that rises in western New Mexico and flows westward through southern Arizona to become a tributary of the Colorado River
gilbert	n.	a unit of magnetomotive force equal to 0.7958 ampere-turns
gilbert	n.	a librettist who was a collaborator with Sir Arthur Sullivan in a famous series of comic operettas (1836-1911)
gilbert	n.	English court physician noted for his studies of terrestrial magnetism (1540-1603)
gilbert	n.	English navigator who in 1583 established in Newfoundland the first English colony in North America (1539-1583)
gilbert	n.	United States architect who influenced the development of the skyscraper (1859-1934)
gild	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
gild	v.	decorate with, or as if with, gold leaf or liquid gold
gilder	n.	someone whose occupation is to apply an overlay of gold or gilt
gilding	n.	a coating of gold or of something that looks like gold
gilding	v.	decorate with, or as if with, gold leaf or liquid gold
gilgamesh	n.	a legendary Sumerian king who was the hero of an epic collection of mythic stories
gill	n.	a British imperial capacity unit (liquid or dry) equal to 5 fluid ounces or 142.066 cubic centimeters
gill	n.	a United States liquid unit equal to 4 fluid ounces
gill	n.	any of the radiating leaflike spore-producing structures on the underside of the cap of a mushroom or similar fungus
gill	n.	respiratory organ of aquatic animals that breathe oxygen dissolved in water
gillespie	n.	United States jazz trumpeter and exponent of bebop (1917-1993)
gillette	n.	United States inventor and manufacturer who developed the safety razor (1855-1932)
gillie	n.	a young male attendant on a Scottish Highlander chief
gillie	n.	a shoe without a tongue and with decorative lacing up the instep
gilman	n.	United States feminist (1860-1935)
gilt	n.	a coating of gold or of something that looks like gold
gilt	v.	decorate with, or as if with, gold leaf or liquid gold
gilt	adj.	having the deep slightly brownish color of gold
gimbals	n.	an appliance that allows an object (such as a ship's compass) to remain horizontal even as its support tips
gimcrack	n.	ornamental objects of no great value
gimcrack	adj.	tastelessly showy
gimcrackery	n.	ornamental objects of no great value
gimlet	n.	a cocktail made of gin or vodka and lime juice
gimlet	n.	hand tool for boring holes
gimmick	n.	a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident
gimmick	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
gimmick	n.	any clever maneuver
gimmickry	n.	a collection of gimmicks
gimp	n.	disability of walking due to crippling of the legs or feet
gimp	v.	walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury
gimpy	adj.	disabled in the feet or legs
gin	n.	strong liquor flavored with juniper berries
gin	n.	a trap for birds or small mammals; often has a slip noose
gin	n.	a machine that separates the seeds from raw cotton fibers
gin	n.	a form of rummy in which a player can go out if the cards remaining in their hand total less than 10 points
gin	v.	separate the seeds from (cotton) with a cotton gin
gin	v.	trap with a snare
ginger	n.	perennial plants having thick branching aromatic rhizomes and leafy reedlike stems
ginger	n.	dried ground gingerroot
ginger	n.	pungent rhizome of the common ginger plant; used fresh as a seasoning especially in Asian cookery
ginger	n.	liveliness and energy
ginger	v.	add ginger to in order to add flavor
ginger	adj.	(used especially of hair or fur) having a bright orange-brown color
gingerbread	n.	cake flavored with ginger
gingersnap	n.	a crisp round cookie flavored with ginger
gingery	adj.	having a taste like that of ginger
gingery	adj.	(used especially of hair or fur) having a bright orange-brown color
gingham	n.	a clothing fabric in a plaid weave
gingivitis	n.	inflammation of the gums
ginkgo	n.	deciduous dioecious Chinese tree having fan-shaped leaves and fleshy yellow seeds; exists almost exclusively in cultivation especially as an ornamental street tree
ginkgoes	n.	deciduous dioecious Chinese tree having fan-shaped leaves and fleshy yellow seeds; exists almost exclusively in cultivation especially as an ornamental street tree
ginned	v.	separate the seeds from (cotton) with a cotton gin
ginned	v.	trap with a snare
ginning	v.	separate the seeds from (cotton) with a cotton gin
ginning	v.	trap with a snare
ginsberg	n.	United States poet of the beat generation (1926-1997)
ginseng	n.	aromatic root of ginseng plants
ginseng	n.	Chinese herb with palmately compound leaves and small greenish flowers and forked aromatic roots believed to have medicinal powers
giotto	n.	Florentine painter who gave up the stiff Byzantine style and developed a more naturalistic style; considered the greatest Italian painter prior to the Renaissance (1267-1337)
giraffe	n.	tallest living quadruped; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs; of savannahs of tropical Africa
giraudoux	n.	French novelist and dramatist whose plays were reinterpretations of Greek myths (1882-1944)
gird	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
gird	v.	put a girdle on or around
gird	v.	bind with something round or circular
girder	n.	a beam made usually of steel; a main support in a structure
girdle	n.	an encircling or ringlike structure
girdle	n.	a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers
girdle	n.	a woman's close-fitting foundation garment
girdle	v.	cut a girdle around so as to kill by interrupting the circulation of water and nutrients
girdle	v.	put a girdle on or around
girl	n.	a young woman
girl	n.	a youthful female person
girl	n.	a female human offspring
girl	n.	a girl or young woman with whom a man is romantically involved
girl	n.	a friendly informal reference to a grown woman
girlfriend	n.	any female friend
girlfriend	n.	a girl or young woman with whom a man is romantically involved
girlhood	n.	the childhood of a girl
girlish	adj.	befitting or characteristic of a young girl
girlishness	n.	being characteristic of a girl
giro	n.	a check given by the British government to someone who is unemployed; it can be cashed either at a bank or at the post office
giro	n.	a British financial system in which a bank or a post office transfers money from one account to another when they receive authorization to do so
girt	v.	prepare oneself for a military confrontation
girt	v.	put a girdle on or around
girt	v.	bind with something round or circular
girth	n.	the distance around a person's body
girth	n.	stable gear consisting of a band around a horse's belly that holds the saddle in place
girth	v.	tie a cinch around
girths	n.	the distance around a person's body
girths	n.	stable gear consisting of a band around a horse's belly that holds the saddle in place
girths	v.	tie a cinch around
gish	n.	United States film actress who appeared in films by D. W. Griffith (1896-1993)
gist	n.	the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work
gist	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
git	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
give	n.	the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length
give	v.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense
give	v.	be the cause or source of
give	v.	transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody
give	v.	convey or reveal information
give	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
give	v.	organize or be responsible for
give	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
give	v.	give as a present; make a gift of
give	v.	cause to happen or be responsible for
give	v.	dedicate
give	v.	give or supply
give	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
give	v.	bring about
give	v.	leave with; give temporarily
give	v.	emit or utter
give	v.	endure the loss of
give	v.	place into the hands or custody of
give	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
give	v.	give (as medicine)
give	v.	give or convey physically
give	v.	bestow
give	v.	bestow, especially officially
give	v.	move in order to make room for someone for something
give	v.	give food to
give	v.	contribute to some cause
give	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
give	v.	estimate the duration or outcome of something
give	v.	execute and deliver
give	v.	deliver in exchange or recompense
give	v.	afford access to
give	v.	present to view
give	v.	perform for an audience
give	v.	be flexible under stress of physical force
give	v.	propose
give	v.	accord by verdict
give	v.	manifest or show
give	v.	offer in good faith
give	v.	submit for consideration, judgment, or use
give	v.	guide or direct, as by behavior of persuasion
give	v.	allow to have or take
give	v.	inflict as a punishment
give	v.	occur
give	v.	consent to engage in sexual intercourse with a man
give	v.	proffer (a body part)
giveaway	n.	a gift of public land or resources for the private gain of a limited group
giveaway	n.	an unintentional disclosure
giveaway	n.	a television or radio program in which contestants compete for awards
given	n.	an assumption that is taken for granted
given	v.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense
given	v.	be the cause or source of
given	v.	transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody
given	v.	convey or reveal information
given	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
given	v.	organize or be responsible for
given	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
given	v.	give as a present; make a gift of
given	v.	cause to happen or be responsible for
given	v.	dedicate
given	v.	give or supply
given	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
given	v.	bring about
given	v.	leave with; give temporarily
given	v.	emit or utter
given	v.	endure the loss of
given	v.	place into the hands or custody of
given	v.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause
given	v.	give (as medicine)
given	v.	give or convey physically
given	v.	bestow
given	v.	bestow, especially officially
given	v.	move in order to make room for someone for something
given	v.	give food to
given	v.	contribute to some cause
given	v.	break down, literally or metaphorically
given	v.	estimate the duration or outcome of something
given	v.	execute and deliver
given	v.	deliver in exchange or recompense
given	v.	afford access to
given	v.	present to view
given	v.	perform for an audience
given	v.	be flexible under stress of physical force
given	v.	propose
given	v.	accord by verdict
given	v.	manifest or show
given	v.	offer in good faith
given	v.	submit for consideration, judgment, or use
given	v.	guide or direct, as by behavior of persuasion
given	v.	allow to have or take
given	v.	inflict as a punishment
given	v.	occur
given	v.	consent to engage in sexual intercourse with a man
given	v.	proffer (a body part)
given	adj.	acknowledged as a supposition
given	adj.	(usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward
giver	n.	someone who devotes himself completely
giver	n.	person who makes a gift of property
giza	n.	an ancient Egyptian city on the west bank of the Nile opposite Cairo; site of three Great Pyramids and the Sphinx
gizmo	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
gizmo	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
gizzard	n.	thick-walled muscular pouch below the crop in many birds and reptiles for grinding food
glace	adj.	(used especially of fruits) preserved by coating with or allowing to absorb sugar
glacial	adj.	relating to or derived from a glacier
glacial	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
glacial	adj.	extremely cold
glaciate	v.	cover with ice or snow or a glacier
glaciate	v.	become frozen and covered with glaciers
glaciation	n.	the condition of being covered with glaciers or masses of ice; the result of glacial action
glaciation	n.	the process of covering the earth with glaciers or masses of ice
glacier	n.	a slowly moving mass of ice
glad	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Gladiolus native chiefly to tropical and South Africa having sword-shaped leaves and one-sided spikes of brightly colored funnel-shaped flowers; widely cultivated
glad	adj.	showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy
glad	adj.	eagerly disposed to act or to be of service
glad	adj.	feeling happy appreciation
glad	adj.	cheerful and bright
gladden	v.	make glad or happy
gladden	v.	become glad or happy
gladder	adj.	showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy
gladder	adj.	eagerly disposed to act or to be of service
gladder	adj.	feeling happy appreciation
gladder	adj.	cheerful and bright
gladdest	adj.	showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy
gladdest	adj.	eagerly disposed to act or to be of service
gladdest	adj.	feeling happy appreciation
gladdest	adj.	cheerful and bright
glade	n.	a tract of land with few or no trees in the middle of a wooded area
gladiator	n.	(ancient Rome) a professional combatant or a captive who entertained the public by engaging in mortal combat
gladiator	n.	a professional boxer
gladiatorial	adj.	of or relating to or resembling gladiators or their combat
gladiola	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Gladiolus native chiefly to tropical and South Africa having sword-shaped leaves and one-sided spikes of brightly colored funnel-shaped flowers; widely cultivated
gladioli	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Gladiolus native chiefly to tropical and South Africa having sword-shaped leaves and one-sided spikes of brightly colored funnel-shaped flowers; widely cultivated
gladioli	n.	the large central part of the breastbone
gladiolus	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Gladiolus native chiefly to tropical and South Africa having sword-shaped leaves and one-sided spikes of brightly colored funnel-shaped flowers; widely cultivated
gladiolus	n.	the large central part of the breastbone
gladness	n.	experiencing joy and pleasure
gladsome	adj.	experiencing or expressing gladness or joy
gladstone	n.	liberal British statesman who served as prime minister four times (1809-1898)
gladstone	n.	a large travelling bag made of stiff leather
glamorization	n.	the act of glamorizing; making something or someone more beautiful (often in a superficial way)
glamorize	v.	interpret romantically
glamorize	v.	make glamorous and attractive
glamorous	adj.	having an air of allure, romance and excitement
glamour	n.	alluring beauty or charm (often with sex-appeal)
glamour	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
glance	n.	a quick look
glance	v.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at
glance	v.	hit at an angle
gland	n.	any of various organs that synthesize substances needed by the body and release it through ducts or directly into the bloodstream
glandes	n.	a small rounded structure; especially that at the end of the penis or clitoris
glandular	adj.	relating to or affecting or functioning as a gland
glans	n.	a small rounded structure; especially that at the end of the penis or clitoris
glare	n.	a light within the field of vision that is brighter than the brightness to which the eyes are adapted
glare	n.	an angry stare
glare	n.	a focus of public attention
glare	v.	look at with a fixed gaze
glare	v.	be sharply reflected
glare	v.	shine intensely
glaring	v.	look at with a fixed gaze
glaring	v.	be sharply reflected
glaring	v.	shine intensely
glaring	adj.	shining intensely
glaring	adj.	conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible
glaser	n.	United States physicist who invented the bubble chamber to study subatomic particles (born in 1926)
glasgow	n.	largest city in Scotland; a port on the Clyde in west central Scotland; one of the great shipbuilding centers of the world
glasnost	n.	a policy of the Soviet government allowing freer discussion of social problems
glass	n.	a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure
glass	n.	a container for holding liquids while drinking
glass	n.	the quantity a glass will hold
glass	n.	a small refracting telescope
glass	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
glass	n.	a mirror; usually a ladies' dressing mirror
glass	n.	glassware collectively
glass	v.	furnish with glass
glass	v.	scan (game in the forest) with binoculars
glass	v.	enclose with glass
glass	v.	put in a glass container
glass	v.	become glassy or take on a glass-like appearance
glassblower	n.	someone skilled in blowing bottles from molten glass
glassful	n.	the quantity a glass will hold
glasshouse	n.	a building with glass walls and roof; for the cultivation and exhibition of plants under controlled conditions
glassware	n.	an article of tableware made of glass
glassy	adj.	resembling glass in smoothness and shininess and slickness; ; - Willa Cather
glassy	adj.	(used of eyes) lacking liveliness
glassy	adj.	(of ceramics) having the surface made shiny and nonporous by fusing a vitreous solution to it
glaswegian	n.	an inhabitant of Glasgow
glaswegian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Glasgow or its inhabitants
glaucoma	n.	an eye disease that damages the optic nerve and impairs vision (sometimes progressing to blindness)
glaze	n.	any of various thin shiny (savory or sweet) coatings applied to foods
glaze	n.	a glossy finish on a fabric
glaze	n.	a coating for ceramics, metal, etc.
glaze	v.	coat with a glaze
glaze	v.	become glassy or take on a glass-like appearance
glaze	v.	furnish with glass
glaze	v.	coat with something sweet, such as a hard sugar glaze
glazier	n.	someone who cuts flat glass to size
glazing	v.	coat with a glaze
glazing	v.	become glassy or take on a glass-like appearance
glazing	v.	furnish with glass
glazing	v.	coat with something sweet, such as a hard sugar glaze
gleam	n.	an appearance of reflected light
gleam	n.	a flash of light (especially reflected light)
gleam	v.	be shiny, as if wet
gleam	v.	shine brightly, like a star or a light
gleam	v.	appear briefly
glean	v.	gather, as of natural products
gleaner	n.	someone who picks up grain left in the field by the harvesters
gleaner	n.	someone who gathers something in small pieces (e.g. information) slowly and carefully
glee	n.	great merriment
glee	n.	malicious satisfaction
gleeful	adj.	full of high-spirited delight
gleefulness	n.	great merriment
glen	n.	a narrow secluded valley (in the mountains)
glenn	n.	made the first orbital rocket-powered flight by a United States astronaut in 1962; later in United States Senate (1921-)
glib	adj.	marked by lack of intellectual depth
glib	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
glib	adj.	artfully persuasive in speech
glibber	adj.	marked by lack of intellectual depth
glibber	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
glibber	adj.	artfully persuasive in speech
glibbest	adj.	marked by lack of intellectual depth
glibbest	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
glibbest	adj.	artfully persuasive in speech
glibness	n.	a kind of fluent easy superficiality
glide	n.	a vowellike sound that serves as a consonant
glide	n.	the act of moving smoothly along a surface while remaining in contact with it
glide	n.	the activity of flying a glider
glide	v.	move smoothly and effortlessly
glide	v.	fly in or as if in a glider plane
glide	v.	cause to move or pass silently, smoothly, or imperceptibly
glider	n.	aircraft supported only by the dynamic action of air against its surfaces
gliding	n.	the activity of flying a glider
gliding	v.	move smoothly and effortlessly
gliding	v.	fly in or as if in a glider plane
gliding	v.	cause to move or pass silently, smoothly, or imperceptibly
glimmer	n.	a flash of light (especially reflected light)
glimmer	n.	a slight suggestion or vague understanding
glimmer	v.	shine brightly, like a star or a light
glimmering	n.	a slight suggestion or vague understanding
glimmering	v.	shine brightly, like a star or a light
glimpse	n.	a quick look
glimpse	n.	a brief or incomplete view
glimpse	n.	a vague indication
glimpse	v.	catch a glimpse of or see briefly
glint	n.	a momentary flash of light
glint	n.	a spatially localized brightness
glint	v.	be shiny, as if wet
glint	v.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at
glissandi	n.	a rapid series of ascending or descending notes on the musical scale
glissando	n.	a rapid series of ascending or descending notes on the musical scale
glissando	adv.	(musical direction) in the manner of a glissando (with a rapidly executed series of notes)
glisten	n.	the quality of shining with a bright reflected light
glisten	v.	be shiny, as if wet
glister	n.	the quality of shining with a bright reflected light
glitch	n.	a fault or defect in a computer program, system, or machine
glitter	n.	the quality of shining with a bright reflected light
glitter	n.	the occurrence of a small flash or spark
glitter	v.	be shiny, as if wet
glittery	adj.	having brief brilliant points or flashes of light
glitz	n.	tasteless showiness
gloaming	n.	the time of day immediately following sunset
gloat	n.	malicious satisfaction
gloat	v.	dwell on with satisfaction
gloat	v.	gaze at or think about something with great self-satisfaction, gratification, or joy
gloating	n.	malicious satisfaction
gloating	v.	dwell on with satisfaction
gloating	v.	gaze at or think about something with great self-satisfaction, gratification, or joy
glob	n.	a compact mass
global	adj.	involving the entire earth; not limited or provincial in scope
global	adj.	having the shape of a sphere or ball; ; ; - Zane Grey
globalization	n.	growth to a global or worldwide scale
globalize	v.	make world-wide in scope or application
globe	n.	the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on
globe	n.	an object with a spherical shape
globe	n.	a sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented
globetrotter	n.	someone who travels widely and often
globular	adj.	having the shape of a sphere or ball; ; ; - Zane Grey
globule	n.	a small globe or ball
globulin	n.	a family of proteins found in blood and milk and muscle and in plant seed
glockenspiel	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a set of graduated metal bars mounted on a frame and played with small hammers
gloom	n.	a state of partial or total darkness
gloom	n.	a feeling of melancholy apprehension
gloom	n.	an atmosphere of depression and melancholy
gloomily	adv.	with gloom
gloominess	n.	an atmosphere of depression and melancholy
gloominess	n.	a feeling of melancholy apprehension
gloominess	n.	the quality of excessive mournfulness and uncheerfulness
gloomy	adj.	depressingly dark
gloomy	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
gloomy	adj.	causing dejection
glop	n.	any gummy shapeless matter; usually unpleasant
glop	n.	writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental
glorification	n.	a state of high honor
glorification	n.	a portrayal of something as ideal
glorification	n.	the act of glorifying (as in worship)
glorify	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
glorify	v.	bestow glory upon
glorify	v.	elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration
glorify	v.	cause to seem more splendid
glorious	adj.	having or deserving or conferring glory
glorious	adj.	characterized by grandeur
glorious	adj.	having great beauty and splendor
glory	n.	a state of high honor
glory	n.	brilliant radiant beauty
glory	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
glory	v.	rejoice proudly
gloss	n.	an explanation or definition of an obscure word in a text
gloss	n.	an alphabetical list of technical terms in some specialized field of knowledge; usually published as an appendix to a text on that field
gloss	n.	the property of being smooth and shiny
gloss	n.	an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading
gloss	v.	give a shine or gloss to, usually by rubbing
gloss	v.	provide interlinear explanations for words or phrases
gloss	v.	provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase
gloss	v.	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for
glossary	n.	an alphabetical list of technical terms in some specialized field of knowledge; usually published as an appendix to a text on that field
glossily	adv.	in a glossy manner
glossiness	n.	the property of being smooth and shiny
glossolalia	n.	repetitive nonmeaningful speech (especially that associated with a trance state or religious fervor)
glossy	n.	a magazine printed on good quality paper
glossy	n.	a photograph that is printed on smooth shiny paper
glossy	adj.	(of paper and fabric and leather) having a surface made smooth and glossy especially by pressing between rollers
glossy	adj.	reflecting light
glossy	adj.	superficially attractive and stylish; suggesting wealth or expense
glottal	adj.	of or relating to or produced by the glottis
glottis	n.	the vocal apparatus of the larynx; the true vocal folds and the space between them where the voice tone is generated
gloucester	n.	a town in northeastern Massachusetts on Cape Ann to the northeast of Boston; the harbor has been a fishing center for centuries
gloucester	n.	a city in southwestern England in Gloucestershire on the Severn
glove	n.	the handwear used by fielders in playing baseball
glove	n.	handwear: covers the hand and wrist
glove	n.	boxing equipment consisting of big and padded coverings for the fists of the fighters; worn for the sport of boxing
glow	n.	an alert and refreshed state
glow	n.	light from nonthermal sources
glow	n.	the phenomenon of light emission by a body as its temperature is raised
glow	n.	a feeling of considerable warmth
glow	n.	a steady even light without flames
glow	n.	the amount of electromagnetic radiation leaving or arriving at a point on a surface
glow	n.	an appearance of reflected light
glow	v.	emit a steady even light without flames
glow	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
glow	v.	shine intensely, as if with heat
glow	v.	be exuberant or high-spirited
glow	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
glower	n.	an angry stare
glower	v.	look at with a fixed gaze
glower	v.	look angry or sullen, wrinkle one's forehead, as if to signal disapproval
glowing	n.	the amount of electromagnetic radiation leaving or arriving at a point on a surface
glowing	v.	emit a steady even light without flames
glowing	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
glowing	v.	shine intensely, as if with heat
glowing	v.	be exuberant or high-spirited
glowing	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
glowing	adj.	highly enthusiastic
glowworm	n.	the luminous larva or wingless grub-like female of a firefly
glucagon	n.	a hormone secreted by the pancreas; stimulates increases in blood sugar levels in the blood (thus opposing the action of insulin)
glucose	n.	a monosaccharide sugar that has several forms; an important source of physiological energy
glue	n.	cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive
glue	v.	join or attach with or as if with glue
glue	v.	be fixed as if by glue
glued	v.	join or attach with or as if with glue
glued	v.	be fixed as if by glue
glued	adj.	affixed or as if affixed with glue or paste
gluey	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
glum	adj.	moody and melancholic
glum	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
glummer	adj.	moody and melancholic
glummer	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
glummest	adj.	moody and melancholic
glummest	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
glumness	n.	an atmosphere of depression and melancholy
glumness	n.	a gloomy ill-tempered feeling
gluon	n.	a gauge boson that mediates strong interaction among quarks
glut	n.	the quality of being so overabundant that prices fall
glut	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
glut	v.	supply with an excess of
gluten	n.	a protein substance that remains when starch is removed from cereal grains; gives cohesiveness to dough
glutinous	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
glutted	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
glutted	v.	supply with an excess of
glutted	adj.	exceeding demand
glutting	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
glutting	v.	supply with an excess of
glutton	n.	a person who is devoted to eating and drinking to excess
glutton	n.	musteline mammal of northern Eurasia
gluttonous	adj.	given to excess in consumption of especially food or drink
gluttony	n.	habitual eating to excess
gluttony	n.	eating to excess (personified as one of the deadly sins)
glycerin	n.	a sweet syrupy trihydroxy alcohol obtained by saponification of fats and oils
glycerol	n.	a sweet syrupy trihydroxy alcohol obtained by saponification of fats and oils
glycogen	n.	one form in which body fuel is stored; stored primarily in the liver and broken down into glucose when needed by the body
glycol	n.	a sweet but poisonous syrupy liquid used as an antifreeze and solvent
glycol	n.	any of a class of alcohols having 2 hydroxyl groups in each molecule
glyph	n.	glyptic art in the form of a symbolic figure carved or incised in relief
gm	n.	a metric unit of weight equal to one thousandth of a kilogram
gmt	n.	the local time at the 0 meridian passing through Greenwich, England; it is the same everywhere
gnarl	n.	something twisted and tight and swollen
gnarl	v.	twist into a state of deformity
gnarl	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
gnarly	adj.	used of old persons or old trees; covered with knobs or knots
gnash	v.	grind together, of teeth
gnat	n.	any of various small biting flies: midges; biting midges; black flies; sand flies
gnat	n.	(British usage) mosquito
gnaw	v.	bite or chew on with the teeth
gnaw	v.	become ground down or deteriorate
gneiss	n.	a laminated metamorphic rock similar to granite
gnocchi	n.	(Italian) a small dumpling made of potato or flour or semolina that is boiled or baked and is usually served with a sauce or with grated cheese
gnome	n.	a legendary creature resembling a tiny old man; lives in the depths of the earth and guards buried treasure
gnome	n.	a short pithy saying expressing a general truth
gnomic	adj.	relating to or containing gnomes
gnomish	adj.	used of small deformed creatures
gnostic	n.	an advocate of Gnosticism
gnostic	adj.	of or relating to Gnosticism
gnostic	adj.	possessing intellectual or esoteric knowledge of spiritual things
gnosticism	n.	a religious orientation advocating gnosis as the way to release a person's spiritual element; considered heresy by Christian churches
gnp	n.	former measure of the United States economy; the total market value of goods and services produced by all citizens and capital during a given period (usually 1 yr)
gnu	n.	large African antelope having a head with horns like an ox and a long tufted tail
go	n.	a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else)
go	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
go	n.	a usually brief attempt
go	n.	a board game for two players who place counters on a grid; the object is to surround and so capture the opponent's counters
go	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
go	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
go	v.	move away from a place into another direction
go	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
go	v.	be awarded; be allotted
go	v.	have a particular form
go	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
go	v.	follow a certain course
go	v.	be abolished or discarded
go	v.	be or continue to be in a certain condition
go	v.	make a certain noise or sound
go	v.	perform as expected when applied
go	v.	to be spent or finished
go	v.	progress by being changed
go	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
go	v.	pass, fare, or elapse; of a certain state of affairs or action
go	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
go	v.	be in the right place or situation
go	v.	be ranked or compare
go	v.	begin or set in motion
go	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
go	v.	be contained in
go	v.	be sounded, played, or expressed
go	v.	blend or harmonize
go	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
go	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
go	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
go	v.	be spent
go	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
go	v.	stop operating or functioning
go	adj.	functioning correctly and ready for action
goa	n.	a state of southwestern India; a former Portuguese colony
goad	n.	a pointed instrument that is used to prod into a state of motion
goad	n.	a verbalization that encourages you to attempt something
goad	v.	give heart or courage to
goad	v.	urge with or as if with a goad
goad	v.	stab or urge on as if with a pointed stick
goad	v.	goad or provoke,as by constant criticism
goal	n.	the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it
goal	n.	the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey)
goal	n.	game equipment consisting of the place toward which players of a game try to advance a ball or puck in order to score points
goal	n.	a successful attempt at scoring
goalie	n.	the soccer or hockey player assigned to protect the goal
goalie	n.	the defensive position on an ice hockey or soccer or lacrosse team who stands in front of the goal and tries to prevent opposing players from scoring
goalkeeper	n.	the soccer or hockey player assigned to protect the goal
goalkeeper	n.	the defensive position on an ice hockey or soccer or lacrosse team who stands in front of the goal and tries to prevent opposing players from scoring
goalless	adj.	having no points scores
goalmouth	n.	(sports) the area immediately in front of the goal
goalmouths	n.	(sports) the area immediately in front of the goal
goalpost	n.	one of a pair of posts (usually joined by a crossbar) that are set up as a goal at each end of a playing field
goaltender	n.	the soccer or hockey player assigned to protect the goal
goaltender	n.	the defensive position on an ice hockey or soccer or lacrosse team who stands in front of the goal and tries to prevent opposing players from scoring
goat	n.	any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns
goat	n.	a victim of ridicule or pranks
goat	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Capricorn
goat	n.	the tenth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about December 22 to January 19
goatee	n.	a small chin beard trimmed to a point; named for its resemblance to a goat's beard
goatherd	n.	a person who tends a flock of goats
goatskin	n.	the hide of a goat
gob	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
gob	n.	a lump of slimy stuff
gob	n.	informal terms for the mouth
gobbet	n.	a lump or chunk of raw meat
gobble	n.	the characteristic sound made by a turkey cock
gobble	v.	eat hastily without proper chewing
gobble	v.	make a gurgling sound, characteristic of turkeys
gobbledygook	n.	incomprehensible or pompous jargon of specialists
gobbler	n.	a hasty eater who swallows large mouthfuls
gobbler	n.	male turkey
gobi	n.	a desert in central China
goblet	n.	a drinking glass with a base and stem
goblet	n.	a bowl-shaped drinking vessel; especially the Eucharistic cup
goblin	n.	(folklore) a small grotesque supernatural creature that makes trouble for human beings
gobsmacked	adj.	utterly astounded
god	n.	the supernatural being conceived as the perfect and omnipotent and omniscient originator and ruler of the universe; the object of worship in monotheistic religions
god	n.	any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force
god	n.	a man of such superior qualities that he seems like a deity to other people
god	n.	a material effigy that is worshipped
godard	n.	French film maker influenced by surrealism; early work explored the documentary use of film; noted for innovative techniques (born in 1930)
godchild	n.	an infant who is sponsored by an adult (the godparent) at baptism
godchildren	n.	an infant who is sponsored by an adult (the godparent) at baptism
goddamn	adj.	used as expletives
goddamn	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
goddamn	adv.	extremely
goddard	n.	United States physicist who developed the first successful liquid-fueled rocket (1882-1945)
goddaughter	n.	a female godchild
goddess	n.	a female deity
godel	n.	United States mathematician (born in Austria) who is remembered principally for demonstrating the limitations of axiomatic systems (1906-1978)
godfather	n.	any man who serves as a sponsor for a child at baptism
godfather	n.	someone having a relation analogous to that of a male sponsor to his godchild
godforsaken	adj.	located in a dismal or remote area; desolate
godhead	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
godiva	n.	according to legend she rode naked through Coventry in order to persuade her husband not to tax the townspeople so heavily; the only person to look at her as she rode by was a man named Tom and Peeping Tom has become a synonym for voyeur (circa 1040-1080)
godless	adj.	not revering god
godlessness	n.	the doctrine or belief that there is no God
godlessness	n.	impiety by virtue of not being a godly person
godlike	adj.	appropriate to or befitting a god; ; ; -R.H.Roveref
godlike	adj.	being or having the nature of a god; -J.G.Frazier; ; ; -J.G.Saxe
godliness	n.	piety by virtue of being a godly person
godly	adj.	showing great reverence for god
godly	adj.	emanating from God; ; ; -Saturday Review
godmother	n.	any woman who serves as a sponsor for a child at baptism
godparent	n.	a person who sponsors someone (the godchild) at baptism
godsend	n.	a sudden happening that brings good fortune (as a sudden opportunity to make money)
godson	n.	a male godchild
godspeed	n.	a successful journey
godunov	n.	czar of Russia (1551-1605)
goebbels	n.	German propaganda minister in Nazi Germany who persecuted the Jews (1897-1945)
goer	n.	someone who leaves
goering	n.	German politician in Nazi Germany who founded the Gestapo and mobilized Germany for war (1893-1946)
goes	n.	a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else)
goes	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
goes	n.	a usually brief attempt
goes	n.	a board game for two players who place counters on a grid; the object is to surround and so capture the opponent's counters
goes	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
goes	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
goes	v.	move away from a place into another direction
goes	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
goes	v.	be awarded; be allotted
goes	v.	have a particular form
goes	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
goes	v.	follow a certain course
goes	v.	be abolished or discarded
goes	v.	be or continue to be in a certain condition
goes	v.	make a certain noise or sound
goes	v.	perform as expected when applied
goes	v.	to be spent or finished
goes	v.	progress by being changed
goes	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
goes	v.	pass, fare, or elapse; of a certain state of affairs or action
goes	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
goes	v.	be in the right place or situation
goes	v.	be ranked or compare
goes	v.	begin or set in motion
goes	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
goes	v.	be contained in
goes	v.	be sounded, played, or expressed
goes	v.	blend or harmonize
goes	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
goes	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
goes	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
goes	v.	be spent
goes	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
goes	v.	stop operating or functioning
goethals	n.	United States army officer and engineer who supervised the construction of the Panama Canal (1858-1928)
goethe	n.	German poet and novelist and dramatist who lived in Weimar (1749-1832)
gofer	n.	an employee whose duties include running errands
goggle	v.	look with amazement; look stupidly
goggles	n.	tight-fitting spectacles worn to protect the eyes
goggles	v.	look with amazement; look stupidly
gogol	n.	Russian writer who introduced realism to Russian literature (1809-1852)
going	n.	the act of departing
going	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
going	n.	advancing toward a goal
going	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
going	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
going	v.	move away from a place into another direction
going	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
going	v.	be awarded; be allotted
going	v.	have a particular form
going	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
going	v.	follow a certain course
going	v.	be abolished or discarded
going	v.	be or continue to be in a certain condition
going	v.	make a certain noise or sound
going	v.	perform as expected when applied
going	v.	to be spent or finished
going	v.	progress by being changed
going	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
going	v.	pass, fare, or elapse; of a certain state of affairs or action
going	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
going	v.	be in the right place or situation
going	v.	be ranked or compare
going	v.	begin or set in motion
going	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
going	v.	be contained in
going	v.	be sounded, played, or expressed
going	v.	blend or harmonize
going	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
going	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
going	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
going	v.	be spent
going	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
going	v.	stop operating or functioning
going	adj.	in full operation
goiter	n.	abnormally enlarged thyroid gland; can result from underproduction or overproduction of hormone or from a deficiency of iodine in the diet
golan	n.	a fortified hilly area between southern Lebanon and southern Syria
golconda	n.	a source of great wealth (especially a mine)
gold	n.	coins made of gold
gold	n.	a deep yellow color
gold	n.	a soft yellow malleable ductile (trivalent and univalent) metallic element; occurs mainly as nuggets in rocks and alluvial deposits; does not react with most chemicals but is attacked by chlorine and aqua regia
gold	n.	great wealth; --Ben Jonson
gold	n.	something likened to the metal in brightness or preciousness or superiority etc.
gold	adj.	made from or covered with gold
gold	adj.	having the deep slightly brownish color of gold
goldberg	n.	United States cartoonist who drew intricate diagrams of very complicated and impractical contraptions that accomplished little or nothing (1883-1970)
goldbrick	n.	a soldier who performs his duties without proper care or effort
goldbrick	n.	an idle worthless person
goldbrick	n.	a brick-shaped block that looks like gold but is not
goldbrick	n.	anything that is supposed to be valuable but turns out to be worthless
goldbrick	v.	deprive of by deceit
goldbrick	v.	avoid (one's assigned duties)
golden	adj.	having the deep slightly brownish color of gold
golden	adj.	marked by peace and prosperity
golden	adj.	made from or covered with gold
golden	adj.	supremely favored
golden	adj.	suggestive of gold
golden	adj.	presaging or likely to bring good luck
goldenrod	n.	any of numerous chiefly summer-blooming and fall-blooming North American plants especially of the genus Solidago
goldfield	n.	a district where gold is mined
goldfinch	n.	American finch whose male has yellow body plumage in summer
goldfinch	n.	small European finch having a crimson face and yellow-and-black wings
goldfish	n.	small golden or orange-red freshwater fishes of Eurasia used as pond or aquarium fishes
goldilocks	n.	early-flowering perennial of southern and southeastern Europe with flower heads resembling those of goldenrod
golding	n.	English novelist (1911-1993)
goldman	n.	United States anarchist (born in Russia) who opposed conscription; was deported to the Soviet Union in 1919 (1869-1940)
goldmine	n.	a good source of something that is desired
goldmine	n.	a mine where gold ore is found
goldsboro	n.	a town that is a major tobacco center in eastern North Carolina
goldsmith	n.	an artisan who makes jewelry and other objects out of gold
goldsmith	n.	Irish writer of novels and poetry and plays and essays (1728-1774)
goldsmiths	n.	an artisan who makes jewelry and other objects out of gold
goldsmiths	n.	Irish writer of novels and poetry and plays and essays (1728-1774)
goldwyn	n.	United States film maker (born in Poland) who founded his own film company and later merged with Louis B. Mayer (1882-1974)
golf	n.	a game played on a large open course with 9 or 18 holes; the object is use as few strokes as possible in playing all the holes
golf	v.	play golf
golfer	n.	someone who plays the game of golf
golgi	n.	Italian histologist noted for work on the structure of the nervous system and for his discovery of Golgi bodies (1844-1926)
golgotha	n.	a hill near Jerusalem where Jesus was crucified
goliath	n.	(Old Testament) a giant Philistine warrior who was slain by David with a slingshot
goliath	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
golliwog	n.	a grotesque black doll
gomorrah	n.	(Old Testament) an ancient city near the Dead Sea that (along with Sodom) was destroyed by God for the vice and depravity of its inhabitants
gompers	n.	United States labor leader (born in England) who was president of the American Federation of Labor from 1886 to 1924 (1850-1924)
gonad	n.	a gland in which gametes (sex cells) are produced
gonadal	adj.	of or relating to the gonads
gondola	n.	a low flat-bottomed freight car with fixed sides but no roof
gondola	n.	long narrow flat-bottomed boat propelled by sculling; traditionally used on canals of Venice
gondola	n.	the compartment that is suspended from an airship and that carries personnel and the cargo and the power plant
gondolier	n.	a (Venetian) boatman who propels a gondola
gondwanaland	n.	a hypothetical continent that (according to plate tectonic theory) broke up later into India and Australia and Africa and South America and Antarctica
gone	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
gone	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
gone	v.	move away from a place into another direction
gone	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
gone	v.	be awarded; be allotted
gone	v.	have a particular form
gone	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
gone	v.	follow a certain course
gone	v.	be abolished or discarded
gone	v.	be or continue to be in a certain condition
gone	v.	make a certain noise or sound
gone	v.	perform as expected when applied
gone	v.	to be spent or finished
gone	v.	progress by being changed
gone	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
gone	v.	pass, fare, or elapse; of a certain state of affairs or action
gone	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
gone	v.	be in the right place or situation
gone	v.	be ranked or compare
gone	v.	begin or set in motion
gone	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
gone	v.	be contained in
gone	v.	be sounded, played, or expressed
gone	v.	blend or harmonize
gone	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
gone	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
gone	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
gone	v.	be spent
gone	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
gone	v.	stop operating or functioning
gone	adj.	destroyed or killed
gone	adj.	dead
gone	adj.	well in the past; former
gone	adj.	no longer retained
goner	n.	a person in desperate straits; someone doomed
gong	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a metal plate that is struck with a softheaded drumstick
gong	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells that are struck with a hammer; used as an orchestral instrument
gong	v.	sound a gong
gonorrhea	n.	a common venereal disease caused by the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae; symptoms are painful urination and pain around the urethra
gonzo	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
goo	n.	any thick, viscous matter
goober	n.	pod of the peanut vine containing usually 2 nuts or seeds; `groundnut' and `monkey nut' are British terms
good	n.	benefit
good	n.	moral excellence or admirableness
good	n.	that which is pleasing or valuable or useful
good	n.	articles of commerce
good	adj.	having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified
good	adj.	having the normally expected amount
good	adj.	morally admirable
good	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
good	adj.	promoting or enhancing well-being
good	adj.	agreeable or pleasing
good	adj.	of moral excellence
good	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
good	adj.	thorough
good	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
good	adj.	financially sound
good	adj.	most suitable or right for a particular purpose
good	adj.	resulting favorably
good	adj.	exerting force or influence
good	adj.	capable of pleasing
good	adj.	appealing to the mind
good	adj.	in excellent physical condition
good	adj.	tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health
good	adj.	not forged
good	adj.	not left to spoil
good	adj.	generally admired
good	adv.	(often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well')
good	adv.	completely and absolutely (`good' is sometimes used informally for `thoroughly')
goodall	n.	English zoologist noted for her studies of chimpanzees in the wild (born in 1934)
goodbye	n.	a farewell remark
goodish	adj.	moderately good of its kind
goodish	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
goodly	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
goodman	n.	United States clarinetist who in 1934 formed a big band (including black as well as white musicians) and introduced a kind of jazz known as swing (1909-1986)
goodness	n.	that which is pleasing or valuable or useful
goodness	n.	moral excellence or admirableness
goods	n.	benefit
goods	n.	moral excellence or admirableness
goods	n.	that which is pleasing or valuable or useful
goods	n.	articles of commerce
goodwill	n.	(accounting) an intangible asset valued according to the advantage or reputation a business has acquired (over and above its tangible assets)
goodwill	n.	the friendly hope that something will succeed
goodwill	n.	a disposition to kindness and compassion
goody	n.	something considered choice to eat
goodyear	n.	United States inventor of vulcanized rubber (1800-1860)
gooey	adj.	soft and sticky
goof	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
goof	n.	a person who amuses others by ridiculous behavior
goof	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
goofball	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
goofball	n.	a person who amuses others by ridiculous behavior
goofy	n.	a cartoon character created by Walt Disney
goofy	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
google	n.	a widely used search engine that uses text-matching techniques to find web pages that are important and relevant to a user's search
google	v.	search the internet (for information) using the Google search engine
googly	n.	a cricket ball bowled as if to break one way that actually breaks in the opposite way
gooier	adj.	soft and sticky
gooiest	adj.	soft and sticky
gook	n.	any thick, viscous matter
gook	n.	(slang) a disparaging term for an Asian person (especially for North Vietnamese soldiers in the Vietnam War)
goon	n.	an awkward stupid person
goon	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
goop	n.	any thick, viscous matter
goop	n.	street names for gamma hydroxybutyrate
goose	n.	web-footed long-necked typically gregarious migratory aquatic birds usually larger and less aquatic than ducks
goose	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
goose	n.	flesh of a goose (domestic or wild)
goose	v.	pinch in the buttocks
goose	v.	prod into action
goose	v.	give a spurt of fuel to
gooseberry	n.	spiny Eurasian shrub having greenish purple-tinged flowers and ovoid yellow-green or red-purple berries
gooseberry	n.	currant-like berry used primarily in jams and jellies
goosebumps	n.	reflex erection of hairs of the skin in response to cold or emotional stress or skin irritation
gop	n.	the younger of two major political parties in the United States; GOP is an acronym for grand old party
gopher	n.	a zealously energetic person (especially a salesman)
gopher	n.	a native or resident of Minnesota
gopher	n.	any of various terrestrial burrowing rodents of Old and New Worlds; often destroy crops
gopher	n.	burrowing rodent of the family Geomyidae having large external cheek pouches; of Central America and southwestern North America
gopher	n.	burrowing edible land tortoise of southeastern North America
gorbachev	n.	Soviet statesman whose foreign policy brought an end to the Cold War and whose domestic policy introduced major reforms (born in 1931)
gordian	adj.	extremely intricate; usually in phrase `Gordian knot'
gordimer	n.	South African novelist and short-story writer whose work describes the effects of apartheid (born in 1923)
gore	n.	Vice President of the United States under Bill Clinton (born in 1948)
gore	n.	coagulated blood from a wound
gore	n.	a piece of cloth that is generally triangular or tapering; used in making garments or umbrellas or sails
gore	n.	the shedding of blood resulting in murder
gore	v.	wound by piercing with a sharp or penetrating object or instrument
gore	v.	cut into gores
gorgas	n.	United States Army surgeon who suppressed yellow fever in Havana and in the Panama Canal Zone (1854-1920)
gorge	n.	a deep ravine (usually with a river running through it)
gorge	n.	a narrow pass (especially one between mountains)
gorge	n.	the passage between the pharynx and the stomach
gorge	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
gorgeous	adj.	dazzlingly beautiful
gorgon	n.	(Greek mythology) any of three winged sister monsters and the mortal Medusa who had live snakes for hair; a glance at Medusa turned the beholder to stone
gorgonzola	n.	Italian blue cheese
gorilla	n.	largest anthropoid ape; terrestrial and vegetarian; of forests of central west Africa
gorky	n.	Russian writer of plays and novels and short stories; noted for his depiction of social outcasts
gorky	n.	an industrial city in the European part of Russia; birthplace of Maksim Gorky
gormandize	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
gormless	adj.	(British informal) lacking intelligence and vitality
gorse	n.	very spiny and dense evergreen shrub with fragrant golden-yellow flowers; common throughout western Europe
gory	adj.	covered with blood
gory	adj.	accompanied by bloodshed
goshawk	n.	large hawk of Eurasia and North America used in falconry
gosling	n.	young goose
gospel	n.	the four books in the New Testament (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John) that tell the story of Christ's life and teachings
gospel	n.	an unquestionable truth
gospel	n.	folk music consisting of a genre of a cappella music originating with Black slaves in the United States and featuring call and response; influential on the development of other genres of popular music (especially soul)
gospel	n.	the written body of teachings of a religious group that are generally accepted by that group
gospel	n.	a doctrine that is believed to be of great importance
gossamer	n.	a gauze fabric with an extremely fine texture
gossamer	n.	filaments from a web that was spun by a spider
gossamer	adj.	characterized by unusual lightness and delicacy
gossamer	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
gossip	n.	light informal conversation for social occasions
gossip	n.	a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people
gossip	n.	a person given to gossiping and divulging personal information about others
gossip	v.	wag one's tongue; speak about others and reveal secrets or intimacies
gossip	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
gossiper	n.	a person given to gossiping and divulging personal information about others
gossipy	adj.	prone to friendly informal communication
got	v.	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
got	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
got	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
got	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
got	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
got	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
got	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
got	v.	take vengeance on or get even
got	v.	achieve a point or goal
got	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
got	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
got	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
got	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
got	v.	communicate with a place or person; establish communication with, as if by telephone
got	v.	give certain properties to something
got	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
got	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
got	v.	attract and fix
got	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
got	v.	reach by calculation
got	v.	acquire as a result of some effort or action
got	v.	purchase
got	v.	perceive by hearing
got	v.	suffer from the receipt of
got	v.	receive as a retribution or punishment
got	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
got	v.	reach and board
got	v.	irritate
got	v.	evoke an emotional response
got	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
got	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
got	v.	overcome or destroy
got	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
got	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
got	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
got	v.	make children
goteborg	n.	a port in southwestern Sweden; second largest city in Sweden
goth	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
goth	n.	one of the Teutonic people who invaded the Roman Empire in the 3rd to 5th centuries
gothic	n.	extinct East Germanic language of the ancient Goths; the only surviving record being fragments of a 4th-century translation of the Bible by Bishop Ulfilas
gothic	n.	a heavy typeface in use from 15th to 18th centuries
gothic	n.	a style of architecture developed in northern France that spread throughout Europe between the 12th and 16th centuries; characterized by slender vertical piers and counterbalancing buttresses and by vaulting and pointed arches
gothic	adj.	characteristic of the style of type commonly used for printing German
gothic	adj.	of or relating to the language of the ancient Goths
gothic	adj.	of or relating to the Goths
gothic	adj.	as if belonging to the Middle Ages; old-fashioned and unenlightened
gothic	adj.	characterized by gloom and mystery and the grotesque
goths	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
goths	n.	one of the Teutonic people who invaded the Roman Empire in the 3rd to 5th centuries
gotten	v.	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
gotten	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
gotten	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
gotten	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
gotten	v.	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
gotten	v.	go or come after and bring or take back
gotten	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
gotten	v.	take vengeance on or get even
gotten	v.	achieve a point or goal
gotten	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
gotten	v.	succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase
gotten	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
gotten	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
gotten	v.	communicate with a place or person; establish communication with, as if by telephone
gotten	v.	give certain properties to something
gotten	v.	move into a desired direction of discourse
gotten	v.	grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of
gotten	v.	attract and fix
gotten	v.	reach with a blow or hit in a particular spot
gotten	v.	reach by calculation
gotten	v.	acquire as a result of some effort or action
gotten	v.	purchase
gotten	v.	perceive by hearing
gotten	v.	suffer from the receipt of
gotten	v.	receive as a retribution or punishment
gotten	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
gotten	v.	reach and board
gotten	v.	irritate
gotten	v.	evoke an emotional response
gotten	v.	apprehend and reproduce accurately
gotten	v.	earn or achieve a base by being walked by the pitcher
gotten	v.	overcome or destroy
gotten	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
gotten	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
gotten	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
gotten	v.	make children
gouache	n.	an opaque watercolor prepared with gum
gouache	n.	a watercolor executed with opaque watercolors mixed with gum
gouda	n.	mild cream-colored Dutch cheese shaped in balls
gouge	n.	an impression in a surface (as made by a blow)
gouge	n.	and edge tool with a blade like a trough for cutting channels or grooves
gouge	n.	the act of gouging
gouge	v.	force with the thumb
gouge	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
gouge	v.	make a groove in
gouger	n.	an attacker who gouges out the antagonist's eye
gouger	n.	a person who swindles you by means of deception or fraud
goulash	n.	a rich meat stew highly seasoned with paprika
gould	n.	United States paleontologist and popularizer of science (1941-2002)
gould	n.	United States financier who gained control of the Erie Canal and who caused a financial panic in 1869 when he attempted to corner the gold market (1836-1892)
gounod	n.	French composer best remembered for his operas (1818-1893)
gourd	n.	bottle made from the dried shell of a bottle gourd
gourd	n.	any of numerous inedible fruits with hard rinds
gourd	n.	any vine of the family Cucurbitaceae that bears fruits with hard rinds
gourde	n.	the basic unit of money in Haiti
gourmand	n.	a person who is devoted to eating and drinking to excess
gourmet	n.	a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
gout	n.	a painful inflammation of the big toe and foot caused by defects in uric acid metabolism resulting in deposits of the acid and its salts in the blood and joints
gouty	adj.	suffering from gout
govern	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
govern	v.	direct or strongly influence the behavior of
govern	v.	exercise authority over; as of nations
govern	v.	require to be in a certain grammatical case, voice, or mood
governable	adj.	capable of being controlled
governance	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
governance	n.	the act of governing; exercising authority
governed	n.	the body of people who are citizens of a particular government; --Declaration of Independence
governed	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
governed	v.	direct or strongly influence the behavior of
governed	v.	exercise authority over; as of nations
governed	v.	require to be in a certain grammatical case, voice, or mood
governess	n.	a woman entrusted with the care and supervision of a child (especially in a private home)
government	n.	the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit
government	n.	the act of governing; exercising authority
government	n.	(government) the system or form by which a community or other political unit is governed
government	n.	the study of government of states and other political units
governmental	adj.	relating to or dealing with the affairs or structure of government or politics or the state
governor	n.	the head of a state government
governor	n.	a control that maintains a steady speed in a machine (as by controlling the supply of fuel)
governorship	n.	the office of governor
gown	n.	a woman's dress, usually with a close-fitting bodice and a long flared skirt, often worn on formal occasions
gown	n.	the members of a university as distinguished from the other residents of the town in which the university is located
gown	n.	lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women
gown	n.	protective garment worn by surgeons during operations
gown	n.	outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions
gown	v.	dress in a gown
goya	n.	Spanish painter well known for his portraits and for his satires (1746-1828)
gp	n.	a physician who is not a specialist but treats all illnesses
gpa	n.	a measure of a student's academic achievement at a college or university; calculated by dividing the total number of grade points received by the total number attempted
gpo	n.	an agency of the legislative branch that provides printing and binding services for Congress and the departments and establishments of the federal government
gps	n.	a navigational system involving satellites and computers that can determine the latitude and longitude of a receiver on Earth by computing the time difference for signals from different satellites to reach the receiver
grab	n.	a mechanical device for gripping an object
grab	n.	the act of catching an object with the hands
grab	v.	take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of
grab	v.	get hold of or seize quickly and easily
grab	v.	make a grasping or snatching motion with the hand
grab	v.	obtain illegally or unscrupulously
grab	v.	take or grasp suddenly
grab	v.	capture the attention or imagination of
grabbed	v.	take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of
grabbed	v.	get hold of or seize quickly and easily
grabbed	v.	make a grasping or snatching motion with the hand
grabbed	v.	obtain illegally or unscrupulously
grabbed	v.	take or grasp suddenly
grabbed	v.	capture the attention or imagination of
grabber	n.	an unpleasant person who grabs inconsiderately
grabbing	v.	take hold of so as to seize or restrain or stop the motion of
grabbing	v.	get hold of or seize quickly and easily
grabbing	v.	make a grasping or snatching motion with the hand
grabbing	v.	obtain illegally or unscrupulously
grabbing	v.	take or grasp suddenly
grabbing	v.	capture the attention or imagination of
grabby	adj.	immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
grace	n.	(Christian theology) a state of sanctification by God; the state of one who is under such divine influence
grace	n.	elegance and beauty of movement or expression
grace	n.	a sense of propriety and consideration for others
grace	n.	a disposition to kindness and compassion
grace	n.	(Greek mythology) one of three sisters who were the givers of beauty and charm; a favorite subject for sculptors
grace	n.	a short prayer of thanks before a meal
grace	n.	(Christian theology) the free and unmerited favor or beneficence of God
grace	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
grace	v.	be beautiful to look at
graceful	adj.	characterized by beauty of movement, style, form, or execution
graceful	adj.	suggesting taste, ease, and wealth
gracefulness	n.	beautiful carriage
graceless	adj.	lacking graciousness
graceless	adj.	lacking grace; clumsy; ; - Sir Walter Scott
graceless	adj.	lacking social polish
gracelessness	n.	an unpleasant lack of grace in carriage or form or movement or expression
gracelessness	n.	the inelegance of someone stiff and unrelaxed (as by embarrassment)
gracie	n.	United States comedienne remembered as the confused but imperturbable partner of her husband, George Burns (1906-1964)
gracious	adj.	characterized by charm, good taste, and generosity of spirit
gracious	adj.	characterized by kindness and warm courtesy especially of a king to his subjects
gracious	adj.	exhibiting courtesy and politeness
gracious	adj.	disposed to bestow favors
graciousness	n.	excellence of manners or social conduct
graciousness	n.	the quality of being kind and gentle
grackle	n.	glossy black Asiatic starling often taught to mimic speech
grackle	n.	long-tailed American blackbird having iridescent black plumage
grad	n.	one-hundredth of a right angle
grad	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
gradate	v.	arrange according to grades
gradate	v.	pass imperceptibly from one degree, shade, or tone into another
gradation	n.	relative position in a graded series
gradation	n.	a degree of ablaut
gradation	n.	the act of arranging in grades
grade	n.	a body of students who are taught together
grade	n.	a relative position or degree of value in a graded group
grade	n.	the gradient of a slope or road or other surface
grade	n.	one-hundredth of a right angle
grade	n.	a degree of ablaut
grade	n.	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance)
grade	n.	the height of the ground on which something stands
grade	n.	a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality
grade	n.	a variety of cattle produced by crossbreeding with a superior breed
grade	v.	assign a rank or rating to
grade	v.	level to the right gradient
grade	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
grade	v.	determine the grade of or assign a grade to
graded	v.	assign a rank or rating to
graded	v.	level to the right gradient
graded	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
graded	v.	determine the grade of or assign a grade to
graded	adj.	arranged in a sequence of grades or ranks
grader	n.	a judge who assigns grades to something
gradient	n.	a graded change in the magnitude of some physical quantity or dimension
gradient	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the horizontal
gradual	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) an antiphon (usually from the Book of Psalms) immediately after the epistle at Mass
gradual	adj.	proceeding in small stages
gradual	adj.	(of a topographical gradient) not steep or abrupt
gradualness	n.	the property possessed by a slope that is very gradual
gradualness	n.	the quality of being gradual or of coming about by gradual stages
graduate	n.	a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or university)
graduate	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring fluid volume; a glass container (cup or cylinder or flask) whose sides are marked with or divided into amounts
graduate	v.	receive an academic degree upon completion of one's studies
graduate	v.	confer an academic degree upon
graduate	v.	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring
graduate	adj.	of or relating to studies beyond a bachelor's degree
graduation	n.	the successful completion of a program of study
graduation	n.	an academic exercise in which diplomas are conferred
graduation	n.	a line (as on a vessel or ruler) that marks a measurement
graduation	n.	the act of arranging in grades
graffiti	n.	a rude decoration inscribed on rocks or walls
graffito	n.	a rude decoration inscribed on rocks or walls
graft	n.	(surgery) tissue or organ transplanted from a donor to a recipient; in some cases the patient can be both donor and recipient
graft	n.	the practice of offering something (usually money) in order to gain an illicit advantage
graft	n.	the act of grafting something onto something else
graft	v.	cause to grow together parts from different plants
graft	v.	place the organ of a donor into the body of a recipient
graham	n.	United States evangelical preacher famous as a mass evangelist (born in 1918)
graham	n.	United States dancer and choreographer whose work was noted for its austerity and technical rigor (1893-1991)
graham	n.	flour made by grinding the entire wheat berry including the bran; (`whole meal flour' is British usage)
grahame	n.	English writer (born in Scotland) of children's stories (1859-1932)
grail	n.	the object of any prolonged endeavor
grail	n.	(legend) chalice used by Christ at the Last Supper
grain	n.	a relatively small granular particle of a substance
grain	n.	foodstuff prepared from the starchy grains of cereal grasses
grain	n.	the side of leather from which the hair has been removed
grain	n.	a weight unit used for pearls or diamonds: 50 mg or 1/4 carat
grain	n.	1/60 dram; equals an avoirdupois grain or 64.799 milligrams
grain	n.	1/7000 pound; equals a troy grain or 64.799 milligrams
grain	n.	dry seed-like fruit produced by the cereal grasses: e.g. wheat, barley, Indian corn
grain	n.	a cereal grass
grain	n.	the smallest possible unit of anything
grain	n.	the direction, texture, or pattern of fibers found in wood or leather or stone or in a woven fabric
grain	n.	the physical composition of something (especially with respect to the size and shape of the small constituents of a substance)
grain	v.	thoroughly work in
grain	v.	paint (a surface) to make it look like stone or wood
grain	v.	form into grains
grain	v.	become granular
graininess	n.	the quality of being composed of relatively large particles
grainy	adj.	composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency
gram	n.	a metric unit of weight equal to one thousandth of a kilogram
gram	n.	Danish physician and bacteriologist who developed a method of staining bacteria to distinguish among them (1853-1938)
grammar	n.	the branch of linguistics that deals with syntax and morphology (and sometimes also deals with semantics)
grammarian	n.	a linguist who specializes in the study of grammar and syntax
grammatical	adj.	of or pertaining to grammar
grammatical	adj.	conforming to the rules of grammar or usage accepted by native speakers
gramophone	n.	an antique record player; the sound of the vibrating needle is amplified acoustically
grampus	n.	predatory black-and-white toothed whale with large dorsal fin; common in cold seas
grampus	n.	slaty-grey blunt-nosed dolphin common in northern seas
gran	n.	the mother of your father or mother
granada	n.	a city in southeastern Spain that was the capital of the Moorish kingdom until it was captured by Ferdinand and Isabella in 1492; site of the Alhambra (a palace and fortress built by Moors in the Middle Ages) which is now a major tourist attraction
granary	n.	a storehouse for threshed grain or animal feed
grand	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
grand	n.	a piano with the strings on a horizontal harp-shaped frame; usually supported by three legs
grand	adj.	of behavior that is impressive and ambitious in scale or scope
grand	adj.	of or befitting a lord
grand	adj.	rich and superior in quality
grand	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
grand	adj.	of high moral or intellectual value; elevated in nature or style; ; - Oliver Franks
grand	adj.	large and impressive in physical size or extent
grand	adj.	the most important and magnificent in adornment
grand	adj.	used of a person's appearance or behavior; befitting an eminent person
grandaunt	n.	an aunt of your father or mother
grandchild	n.	a child of your son or daughter
grandchildren	n.	a child of your son or daughter
granddad	n.	the father of your father or mother
granddaddy	n.	the father of your father or mother
granddaughter	n.	a female grandchild
grandee	n.	a nobleman of highest rank in Spain or Portugal
grandeur	n.	the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
grandeur	n.	the quality of elevation of mind and exaltation of character or ideals or conduct
grandfather	n.	the father of your father or mother
grandiloquence	n.	high-flown style; excessive use of verbal ornamentation
grandiloquent	adj.	lofty in style
grandiloquent	adj.	puffed up with vanity; ; ; ; - Newsweek
grandiose	adj.	impressive because of unnecessary largeness or grandeur; used to show disapproval
grandiose	adj.	affectedly genteel
grandiosity	n.	high-flown style; excessive use of verbal ornamentation
grandma	n.	the mother of your father or mother
grandmother	n.	the mother of your father or mother
grandnephew	n.	a son of your niece or nephew
grandness	n.	a prominent status
grandness	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
grandness	n.	the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
grandness	n.	splendid or imposing in size or appearance
grandniece	n.	a daughter of your niece or nephew
grandpa	n.	the father of your father or mother
grandparent	n.	a parent of your father or mother
grandson	n.	a male grandchild
grandstand	n.	the audience at a stadium or racetrack
grandstand	n.	a stand at a racecourse or stadium consisting of tiers with rows of individual seats that are under a protective roof
grandstand	v.	perform ostentatiously in order to impress the audience and with an eye to the applause
granduncle	n.	an uncle of your father or mother
grange	n.	an outlying farm
granite	n.	plutonic igneous rock having visibly crystalline texture; generally composed of feldspar and mica and quartz
granite	n.	something having the quality of granite (unyielding firmness)
granitic	adj.	showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings
granitic	adj.	hard as granite
granny	n.	the mother of your father or mother
granny	n.	an old woman
granny	n.	a reef knot crossed the wrong way and therefore insecure
granola	n.	cereal made of especially rolled oats with dried fruits and nuts and honey or brown sugar
grant	n.	any monetary aid
grant	n.	the act of providing a subsidy
grant	n.	(law) a transfer of property by deed of conveyance
grant	n.	Scottish painter; cousin of Lytton Strachey and member of the Bloomsbury Group (1885-1978)
grant	n.	United States actor (born in England) who was the elegant leading man in many films (1904-1986)
grant	n.	18th President of the United States; commander of the Union armies in the American Civil War (1822-1885)
grant	n.	a contract granting the right to operate a subsidiary business
grant	n.	a right or privilege that has been granted
grant	v.	let have
grant	v.	give as judged due or on the basis of merit
grant	v.	be willing to concede
grant	v.	allow to have
grant	v.	bestow, especially officially
grant	v.	give over; surrender or relinquish to the physical control of another
grant	v.	transfer by deed
grantee	n.	a recipient of a grant
grantee	n.	someone to whom the title of property is transferred
granter	n.	a person who grants or gives something
granular	adj.	composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency
granular	adj.	having a granular structure like that of chondrites
granularity	n.	the quality of being composed of relatively large particles
granulate	v.	form into grains
granulate	v.	become granular
granulate	v.	form granulating tissue
granulation	n.	new connective tissue and tiny blood vessels that form on the surfaces of a wound during the healing process
granulation	n.	the act of forming something into granules or grains
granule	n.	a tiny grain
grape	n.	any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; grow in clusters
grape	n.	any of numerous woody vines of genus Vitis bearing clusters of edible berries
grape	n.	a cluster of small projectiles fired together from a cannon to produce a hail of shot
grapefruit	n.	citrus tree bearing large round edible fruit having a thick yellow rind and juicy somewhat acid pulp
grapefruit	n.	large yellow fruit with somewhat acid juicy pulp; usual serving consists of a half
grapeshot	n.	a cluster of small projectiles fired together from a cannon to produce a hail of shot
grapevine	n.	gossip spread by spoken communication
grapevine	n.	any of numerous woody vines of genus Vitis bearing clusters of edible berries
graph	n.	a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities plotted with reference to a set of axes
graph	v.	represent by means of a graph
graph	v.	plot upon a graph
graphic	n.	an image that is generated by a computer
graphic	adj.	written or drawn or engraved
graphic	adj.	describing nudity or sexual activity in graphic detail
graphic	adj.	of or relating to the graphic arts; - British Book News
graphic	adj.	relating to or presented by a graph
graphic	adj.	evoking lifelike images within the mind
graphical	adj.	relating to or presented by a graph
graphical	adj.	written or drawn or engraved
graphite	n.	used as a lubricant and as a moderator in nuclear reactors
graphologist	n.	a specialist in inferring character from handwriting
graphology	n.	the study of handwriting (especially as an indicator of the writer's character or disposition)
graphs	n.	a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities plotted with reference to a set of axes
graphs	v.	represent by means of a graph
graphs	v.	plot upon a graph
grapnel	n.	a tool consisting of several hooks for grasping and holding; often thrown with a rope
grapnel	n.	a light anchor for small boats
grapple	n.	a tool consisting of several hooks for grasping and holding; often thrown with a rope
grapple	n.	a dredging bucket with hinges like the shell of a clam
grapple	n.	the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat
grapple	v.	come to terms with
grapple	v.	to grip or seize, as in a wrestling match
grasp	n.	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something
grasp	n.	the limit of capability
grasp	n.	an intellectual hold or understanding
grasp	n.	the act of grasping
grasp	v.	hold firmly
grasp	v.	get the meaning of something
grass	n.	narrow-leaved green herbage: grown as lawns; used as pasture for grazing animals; cut and dried as hay
grass	n.	German writer of novels and poetry and plays (born 1927)
grass	n.	a police informer who implicates many people
grass	n.	bulky food like grass or hay for browsing or grazing horses or cattle
grass	n.	street names for marijuana
grass	v.	shoot down, of birds
grass	v.	cover with grass
grass	v.	spread out clothes on the grass to let it dry and bleach
grass	v.	feed with grass
grass	v.	give away information about somebody
grasshopper	n.	terrestrial plant-eating insect with hind legs adapted for leaping
grasshopper	n.	a cocktail made of creme de menthe and cream (sometimes with creme de cacao)
grassland	n.	land where grass or grasslike vegetation grows and is the dominant form of plant life
grassroots	adj.	fundamental
grassroots	adj.	of or involving the common people as constituting a fundamental political and economic group
grassy	adj.	abounding in grass
grate	n.	a frame of iron bars to hold a fire
grate	n.	a harsh rasping sound made by scraping something
grate	n.	a barrier that has parallel or crossed bars blocking a passage but admitting air
grate	v.	furnish with a grate
grate	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
grate	v.	reduce to small shreds or pulverize by rubbing against a rough or sharp perforated surface
grate	v.	make a grating or grinding sound by rubbing together
grate	v.	scratch repeatedly
grateful	adj.	feeling or showing gratitude
grateful	adj.	affording comfort or pleasure
gratefulness	n.	warm friendly feelings of gratitude
grater	n.	utensil with sharp perforations for shredding foods (as vegetables or cheese)
gratification	n.	state of being gratified or satisfied
gratification	n.	the act or an instance of satisfying
gratify	v.	make happy or satisfied
gratify	v.	yield (to); give satisfaction to
gratifying	v.	make happy or satisfied
gratifying	v.	yield (to); give satisfaction to
gratifying	adj.	pleasing to the mind or feeling
gratifying	adj.	affording satisfaction or pleasure
grating	n.	a barrier that has parallel or crossed bars blocking a passage but admitting air
grating	n.	a frame of iron bars to hold a fire
grating	n.	optical device consisting of a surface with many parallel grooves in it; disperses a beam of light (or other electromagnetic radiation) into its wavelengths to produce its spectrum
grating	v.	furnish with a grate
grating	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
grating	v.	reduce to small shreds or pulverize by rubbing against a rough or sharp perforated surface
grating	v.	make a grating or grinding sound by rubbing together
grating	v.	scratch repeatedly
grating	adj.	unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound
gratis	adj.	costing nothing
gratis	adv.	without payment
gratitude	n.	a feeling of thankfulness and appreciation
gratuitous	adj.	without cause
gratuitous	adj.	costing nothing
gratuitous	adj.	unnecessary and unwarranted
gratuity	n.	a relatively small amount of money given for services rendered (as by a waiter)
gratuity	n.	an award (as for meritorious service) given without claim or obligation
grave	n.	death of a person
grave	n.	a place for the burial of a corpse (especially beneath the ground and marked by a tombstone)
grave	n.	a mark (`) placed above a vowel to indicate pronunciation
grave	v.	shape (a material like stone or wood) by whittling away at it
grave	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
grave	adj.	dignified and somber in manner or character and committed to keeping promises
grave	adj.	causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm
grave	adj.	of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought
gravedigger	n.	a person who earns a living by digging graves
gravel	n.	rock fragments and pebbles
gravel	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
gravel	v.	cover with gravel
gravel	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
graven	v.	shape (a material like stone or wood) by whittling away at it
graven	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
graven	adj.	cut into a desired shape
graven	adj.	cut or impressed into a surface
graveness	n.	a manner that is serious and solemn
graves	n.	English writer known for his interest in mythology and in the classics (1895-1985)
graves	n.	death of a person
graves	n.	a place for the burial of a corpse (especially beneath the ground and marked by a tombstone)
graves	n.	a mark (`) placed above a vowel to indicate pronunciation
graves	n.	German tennis player who won seven women's singles titles at Wimbledon (born in 1969)
graves	v.	shape (a material like stone or wood) by whittling away at it
graves	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
gravestone	n.	a stone that is used to mark a grave
graveyard	n.	a tract of land used for burials
gravid	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
gravimeter	n.	a measuring instrument for determining the specific gravity of a liquid or solid
gravimeter	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring variations in the gravitational field of the earth
gravitas	n.	formality in bearing and appearance
gravitate	v.	move toward
gravitate	v.	be attracted to
gravitate	v.	move due to the pull of gravitation
gravitation	n.	(physics) the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especially the attraction of the earth's mass for bodies near its surface; ; ; --Albert Einstein
gravitation	n.	movement downward resulting from gravitational attraction
gravitation	n.	a figurative movement toward some attraction
gravitational	adj.	of or relating to or caused by gravitation
gravity	n.	(physics) the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especially the attraction of the earth's mass for bodies near its surface; ; ; --Albert Einstein
gravity	n.	a manner that is serious and solemn
gravity	n.	a solemn and dignified feeling
gravy	n.	a sauce made by adding stock, flour, or other ingredients to the juice and fat that drips from cooking meats
gravy	n.	the seasoned but not thickened juices that drip from cooking meats; often a little water is added
gravy	n.	a sudden happening that brings good fortune (as a sudden opportunity to make money)
gray	n.	a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black
gray	n.	clothing that is a grey color
gray	n.	any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are grey
gray	n.	horse of a light gray or whitish color
gray	n.	the SI unit of energy absorbed from ionizing radiation; equal to the absorption of one joule of radiation energy by one kilogram of matter; one gray equals 100 rad
gray	n.	English radiobiologist in whose honor the gray (the SI unit of energy for the absorbed dose of radiation) was named (1905-1965)
gray	n.	English poet best known for his elegy written in a country churchyard (1716-1771)
gray	n.	American navigator who twice circumnavigated the globe and who discovered the Columbia River (1755-1806)
gray	n.	United States botanist who specialized in North American flora and who was an early supporter of Darwin's theories of evolution (1810-1888)
gray	v.	make grey
gray	v.	turn grey
gray	adj.	of an achromatic color of any lightness intermediate between the extremes of white and black
gray	adj.	showing characteristics of age, especially having grey or white hair; -Coleridge
gray	adj.	used to signify the Confederate forces in the American Civil War (who wore grey uniforms)
gray	adj.	intermediate in character or position
graybeard	n.	a man who is very old
grayish	adj.	of an achromatic color of any lightness intermediate between the extremes of white and black
grayness	n.	a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black
graze	n.	a superficial abrasion
graze	n.	the act of grazing
graze	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
graze	v.	break the skin (of a body part) by scraping
graze	v.	let feed in a field or pasture or meadow
graze	v.	scrape gently
graze	v.	eat lightly, try different dishes
grease	n.	a thick fatty oil (especially one used to lubricate machinery)
grease	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
grease	v.	lubricate with grease
greasepaint	n.	a greasy substance used as makeup by actors
greasily	adv.	in a greasy manner
greasiness	n.	consisting of or covered with oil
greasy	adj.	containing an unusual amount of grease or oil
greasy	adj.	smeared or soiled with grease or oil
great	n.	a person who has achieved distinction and honor in some field
great	adj.	relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind
great	adj.	of major significance or importance
great	adj.	remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree or magnitude or effect
great	adj.	very good
great	adj.	uppercase
great	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
greatcoat	n.	a heavy coat worn over clothes in winter
greathearted	adj.	noble and generous in spirit
greatness	n.	the property possessed by something or someone of outstanding importance or eminence
greatness	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
grebe	n.	small compact-bodied almost completely aquatic bird that builds floating nests; similar to loons but smaller and with lobate rather than webbed feet
grecian	n.	a native or resident of Greece
grecian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Greece or the Greeks or the Greek language
greece	n.	a republic in southeastern Europe on the southern part of the Balkan peninsula; known for grapes and olives and olive oil
greece	n.	ancient Greece; a country of city-states (especially Athens and Sparta) that reached its peak in the fifth century BCE
greed	n.	excessive desire to acquire or possess more (especially more material wealth) than one needs or deserves
greed	n.	reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins)
greedily	adv.	in a greedy manner
greediness	n.	an excessive desire for food
greediness	n.	an excessive desire for wealth (usually in large amounts)
greedy	adj.	immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
greedy	adj.	(often followed by `for') ardently or excessively desirous
greedy	adj.	wanting to eat or drink more than one can reasonably consume
greek	n.	the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages
greek	n.	a native or inhabitant of Greece
greek	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Greece or the Greeks or the Greek language
greeley	n.	United States journalist with political ambitions (1811-1872)
green	n.	green color or pigment; resembling the color of growing grass
green	n.	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area
green	n.	United States labor leader who was president of the American Federation of Labor from 1924 to 1952 and who led the struggle with the Congress of Industrial Organizations (1873-1952)
green	n.	an environmentalist who belongs to the Green Party
green	n.	a river that rises in western Wyoming and flows southward through Utah to become a tributary of the Colorado River
green	n.	an area of closely cropped grass surrounding the hole on a golf course
green	n.	any of various leafy plants or their leaves and stems eaten as vegetables
green	n.	street names for ketamine
green	v.	turn or become green
green	adj.	of the color between blue and yellow in the color spectrum; similar to the color of fresh grass
green	adj.	concerned with or supporting or in conformity with the political principles of the Green Party
green	adj.	not fully developed or mature; not ripe
green	adj.	looking pale and unhealthy
green	adj.	naive and easily deceived or tricked
greenback	n.	a piece of paper money (especially one issued by a central bank)
greenbelt	n.	a belt of parks or rural land surrounding a town or city
greene	n.	English novelist and Catholic (1904-1991)
greenery	n.	green foliage
greenfly	n.	greenish aphid; pest on garden and crop plants
greengage	n.	sweet green or greenish-yellow variety of plum
greengrocer	n.	a grocer who sells fresh fruits and vegetables
greenhorn	n.	an awkward and inexperienced youth
greenhouse	n.	a building with glass walls and roof; for the cultivation and exhibition of plants under controlled conditions
greenhouse	adj.	of or relating to or caused by the greenhouse effect
greenish	adj.	of the color between blue and yellow in the color spectrum; similar to the color of fresh grass
greenland	n.	the largest island in the world; lies between the North Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean; a self-governing province of Denmark
greenmail	n.	(corporation) the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business
greenness	n.	the lush appearance of flourishing vegetation
greenness	n.	the state of not being ripe
greenness	n.	green color or pigment; resembling the color of growing grass
greenpeace	n.	an international organization that works for environmental conservation and the preservation of endangered species
greenroom	n.	a backstage room in a theater where performers rest or have visitors
greensboro	n.	a city of north central North Carolina
greensward	n.	surface layer of ground containing a mat of grass and grass roots
greenville	n.	a town in northwest South Carolina in the Piedmont
greenville	n.	a city in eastern North Carolina; tobacco market
greenville	n.	a town in western Mississippi on the Mississippi River to the north of Vicksburg
greenwich	n.	a borough of Greater London on the Thames; zero degrees of longitude runs through Greenwich; time is measured relative to Greenwich Mean Time
greenwood	n.	woodlands in full leaf
greet	v.	express greetings upon meeting someone
greet	v.	send greetings to
greet	v.	react to in a certain way
greet	v.	be perceived by
greeter	n.	a person who greets
greeting	n.	(usually plural) an acknowledgment or expression of good will (especially on meeting)
greeting	v.	express greetings upon meeting someone
greeting	v.	send greetings to
greeting	v.	react to in a certain way
greeting	v.	be perceived by
gregarious	adj.	(of animals) tending to form a group with others of the same species
gregarious	adj.	instinctively or temperamentally seeking and enjoying the company of others
gregarious	adj.	(of plants) growing in groups that are close together
gregariousness	n.	the quality of being gregarious--having a dislike of being alone
gregorian	adj.	of or relating to Pope Gregory I or to the plainsong chants of the Roman Catholic Church
gregorian	adj.	of or relating to Pope Gregory XIII or the calendar he introduced in 1582
gregory	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a church father known for his constant fight against perceived heresies; a saint and Doctor of the Church (329-391)
gregory	n.	Italian pope from 1831 to 1846; conservative in politics and theology; worked to propagate Catholicism in England and the United States (1765-1846)
gregory	n.	the pope who sponsored the introduction of the modern calendar (1572-1585)
gregory	n.	the Italian pope from 1406 to 1415 who worked to end the Great Schism and who retired to make it possible (1327-1417)
gregory	n.	the Italian pope who fought to establish the supremacy of the pope over the Roman Catholic Church and the supremacy of the church over the state (1020-1085)
gregory	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) an Italian pope distinguished for his spiritual and temporal leadership; a saint and Doctor of the Church (540?-604)
gremlin	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
grenada	n.	an island state in the West Indies in the southeastern Caribbean Sea; an independent state within the British Commonwealth
grenade	n.	a small explosive bomb thrown by hand or fired from a missile
grenadian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Grenada
grenadian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Grenada or its inhabitants
grenadier	n.	an infantryman equipped with grenades
grenadier	n.	deep-sea fish with a large head and body and long tapering tail
grenadine	n.	thin syrup made from pomegranate juice; used in mixed drinks
grenadines	n.	thin syrup made from pomegranate juice; used in mixed drinks
grenoble	n.	a city in southeastern France on the Isere River
gresham	n.	English financier (1519-1579)
gretzky	n.	high-scoring Canadian ice-hockey player (born in 1961)
grew	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
grew	v.	become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain
grew	v.	increase in size by natural process
grew	v.	cause to grow or develop
grew	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
grew	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
grew	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
grew	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
grew	v.	grow emotionally or mature
grew	v.	become attached by or as if by the process of growth
grey	n.	United States writer of western adventure novels (1875-1939)
grey	n.	Queen of England for nine days in 1553; she was quickly replaced by Mary Tudor and beheaded for treason (1537-1554)
grey	n.	Englishman who as Prime Minister implemented social reforms including the abolition of slavery throughout the British Empire (1764-1845)
grey	n.	any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are grey
grey	n.	a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black
grey	n.	clothing that is a grey color
grey	n.	horse of a light gray or whitish color
grey	v.	make grey
grey	v.	turn grey
grey	adj.	of an achromatic color of any lightness intermediate between the extremes of white and black
grey	adj.	showing characteristics of age, especially having grey or white hair; -Coleridge
grey	adj.	used to signify the Confederate forces in the American Civil War (who wore grey uniforms)
grey	adj.	intermediate in character or position
greyhound	n.	a tall slender dog of an ancient breed noted for swiftness and keen sight; used as a racing dog
grid	n.	a pattern of regularly spaced horizontal and vertical lines
grid	n.	a system of high tension cables by which electrical power is distributed throughout a region
grid	n.	a perforated or corrugated metal plate used in a storage battery as a conductor and support for the active material
grid	n.	an electrode placed between the cathode and anode of a vacuum tube to control the flow of electrons through the tube
grid	n.	a cooking utensil of parallel metal bars; used to grill fish or meat
griddle	n.	cooking utensil consisting of a flat heated surface (as on top of a stove) on which food is cooked
griddle	v.	cook on a griddle
griddlecake	n.	a scone made by dropping a spoonful of batter on a griddle
griddlecake	n.	a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle
gridiron	n.	a cooking utensil of parallel metal bars; used to grill fish or meat
gridiron	n.	the playing field on which football is played
gridlock	n.	a traffic jam so bad that no movement is possible
grief	n.	intense sorrow caused by loss of a loved one (especially by death)
grief	n.	something that causes great unhappiness
grieg	n.	Norwegian composer whose work was often inspired by Norwegian folk music (1843-1907)
grievance	n.	a resentment strong enough to justify retaliation
grievance	n.	an allegation that something imposes an illegal obligation or denies some legal right or causes injustice
grievance	n.	a complaint about a (real or imaginary) wrong that causes resentment and is grounds for action
grieve	v.	feel grief
grieve	v.	cause to feel sorrow
griever	n.	a person who is feeling grief (as grieving over someone who has died)
grievous	adj.	causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm
grievous	adj.	causing or marked by grief or anguish
grievous	adj.	of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought
grievous	adj.	shockingly brutal or cruel
griffin	n.	winged monster with the head of an eagle and the body of a lion
griffith	n.	United States film maker who was the first to use flashbacks and fade-outs (1875-1948)
griffon	n.	winged monster with the head of an eagle and the body of a lion
griffon	n.	breed of various very small compact wiry-coated dogs of Belgian origin having a short bearded muzzle
griffon	n.	breed of medium-sized long-headed dogs with downy undercoat and harsh wiry outer coat; originated in Holland but largely developed in France
griffon	n.	large vulture of southern Europe and northern Africa having pale plumage with black wings
grill	n.	a restaurant where food is cooked on a grill
grill	n.	a framework of metal bars used as a partition or a grate
grill	v.	cook over a grill
grill	v.	examine thoroughly
grille	n.	small opening (like a window in a door) through which business can be transacted
grille	n.	grating that admits cooling air to car's radiator
grille	n.	a framework of metal bars used as a partition or a grate
grim	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
grim	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
grim	adj.	harshly ironic or sinister
grim	adj.	harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; ; ; ; - J.M.Barrie
grim	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
grim	adj.	causing dejection
grimace	n.	a contorted facial expression
grimace	v.	contort the face to indicate a certain mental or emotional state
grime	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
grime	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
grimes	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
grimes	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
griminess	n.	the state of being grimy
grimm	n.	the younger of the two Grimm brothers remembered best for their fairy stories (1786-1859)
grimm	n.	the older of the two Grimm brothers remembered best for their fairy stories; also author of Grimm's law describing consonant changes in Germanic languages (1785-1863)
grimmer	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
grimmer	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
grimmer	adj.	harshly ironic or sinister
grimmer	adj.	harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; ; ; ; - J.M.Barrie
grimmer	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
grimmer	adj.	causing dejection
grimmest	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
grimmest	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
grimmest	adj.	harshly ironic or sinister
grimmest	adj.	harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; ; ; ; - J.M.Barrie
grimmest	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
grimmest	adj.	causing dejection
grimness	n.	the quality of being ghastly
grimness	n.	something hard to endure
grimy	adj.	thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot
grin	n.	a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement
grin	v.	to draw back the lips and reveal the teeth, in a smile, grimace, or snarl
grind	n.	an insignificant student who is ridiculed as being affected or boringly studious
grind	n.	the grade of particle fineness to which a substance is ground
grind	n.	hard monotonous routine work
grind	n.	the act of grinding to a powder or dust
grind	v.	press or grind with a crushing noise
grind	v.	make a grating or grinding sound by rubbing together
grind	v.	work hard
grind	v.	dance by rotating the pelvis in an erotically suggestive way, often while in contact with one's partner such that the dancers' legs are interlaced
grind	v.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading
grind	v.	created by grinding
grind	v.	shape or form by grinding
grinder	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
grinder	n.	grinding tooth with a broad crown; located behind the premolars
grinder	n.	machinery that processes materials by grinding or crushing
grinder	n.	a machine tool that polishes metal
grindstone	n.	a revolving stone shaped like a disk; used to grind or sharpen or polish edge tools
gringo	n.	a Latin American (disparaging) term for foreigners (especially Americans and Englishmen)
grinned	v.	to draw back the lips and reveal the teeth, in a smile, grimace, or snarl
grinning	n.	a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement
grinning	v.	to draw back the lips and reveal the teeth, in a smile, grimace, or snarl
grip	n.	the act of grasping
grip	n.	the appendage to an object that is designed to be held in order to use or move it
grip	n.	a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes
grip	n.	the friction between a body and the surface on which it moves (as between an automobile tire and the road)
grip	n.	worker who moves the camera around while a film or television show is being made
grip	n.	an intellectual hold or understanding
grip	n.	a flat wire hairpin whose prongs press tightly together; used to hold bobbed hair in place
grip	v.	hold fast or firmly
grip	v.	to grip or seize, as in a wrestling match
grip	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
gripe	n.	informal terms for objecting
gripe	v.	complain
grippe	n.	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease
gris	n.	Spanish cubist painter (1887-1927)
grisly	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
grist	n.	grain intended to be or that has been ground
gristle	n.	tough elastic tissue; mostly converted to bone in adults
gristmill	n.	a mill for grinding grain (especially the customer's own grain)
grit	n.	a hard coarse-grained siliceous sandstone
grit	n.	fortitude and determination
grit	v.	cover with a grit
grit	v.	clench together
grits	n.	coarsely ground hulled corn boiled as a breakfast dish in the southern United States
grits	n.	a hard coarse-grained siliceous sandstone
grits	n.	fortitude and determination
grits	v.	cover with a grit
grits	v.	clench together
gritted	v.	cover with a grit
gritted	v.	clench together
gritting	v.	cover with a grit
gritting	v.	clench together
gritty	adj.	composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency
gritty	adj.	willing to face danger
grizzle	n.	a grey wig
grizzle	v.	be in a huff; be silent or sullen
grizzle	v.	complain whiningly
grizzly	n.	powerful brownish-yellow bear of the uplands of western North America
grizzly	adj.	showing characteristics of age, especially having grey or white hair; -Coleridge
groan	n.	an utterance expressing pain or disapproval
groan	v.	indicate pain, discomfort, or displeasure
groat	n.	a former English silver coin worth four pennies
grocer	n.	a retail merchant who sells foodstuffs (and some household supplies)
grocery	n.	a marketplace where groceries are sold
grocery	n.	(usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer
grog	n.	rum cut with water
grogginess	n.	a dazed and staggering state caused by alcohol
grogginess	n.	a groggy state resulting from weariness
grogginess	n.	marginal consciousness
groggy	adj.	stunned or confused and slow to react (as from blows or drunkenness or exhaustion)
groin	n.	the crease at the junction of the inner part of the thigh with the trunk together with the adjacent region and often including the external genitals
groin	n.	a curved edge formed by two intersecting vaults
groin	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
groin	v.	build with groins
grok	v.	get the meaning of something
grommet	n.	fastener consisting of a metal ring for lining a small hole to permit the attachment of cords or lines
gromyko	n.	Soviet ambassador to the United States and to the United Nations (1909-1989)
groom	n.	a man participant in his own marriage ceremony
groom	n.	someone employed in a stable to take care of the horses
groom	n.	a man who has recently been married
groom	v.	educate for a future role or function
groom	v.	give a neat appearance to
groom	v.	care for one's external appearance
grooming	n.	activity leading to skilled behavior
grooming	n.	the activity of getting dressed; putting on clothes
grooming	v.	educate for a future role or function
grooming	v.	give a neat appearance to
grooming	v.	care for one's external appearance
groomsman	n.	a male attendant of the bridegroom at a wedding
groomsmen	n.	a male attendant of the bridegroom at a wedding
groove	n.	a long narrow furrow cut either by a natural process (such as erosion) or by a tool (as e.g. a groove in a phonograph record)
groove	n.	a settled and monotonous routine that is hard to escape
groove	n.	(anatomy) any furrow or channel on a bodily structure or part
groove	v.	make a groove in, or provide with a groove
groove	v.	hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove
groovy	adj.	very good
groovy	adj.	(British informal) very chic
grope	n.	the act of groping; and instance of groping
grope	v.	feel about uncertainly or blindly
grope	v.	search blindly or uncertainly
grope	v.	fondle for sexual pleasure
gropius	n.	United States architect (born in Germany) and founder of the Bauhaus school (1883-1969)
grosbeak	n.	any of various finches of Europe or America having a massive and powerful bill
grosgrain	n.	a silk or silklike fabric with crosswise ribs
gross	n.	twelve dozen
gross	n.	the entire amount of income before any deductions are made
gross	v.	earn before taxes, expenses, etc.
gross	adj.	before any deductions
gross	adj.	lacking fine distinctions or detail
gross	adj.	repellently fat
gross	adj.	visible to the naked eye (especially of rocks and anatomical features)
gross	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
gross	adj.	conspicuously and tastelessly indecent
gross	adj.	conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible
grossness	n.	the quality of lacking taste and refinement
grosz	n.	100 groszy equal 1 zloty in Poland
grotesque	n.	art characterized by an incongruous mixture of parts of humans and animals interwoven with plants
grotesque	adj.	distorted and unnatural in shape or size; abnormal and hideous
grotesque	adj.	ludicrously odd
grotesqueness	n.	ludicrous or incongruous unnaturalness or distortion
grotius	n.	Dutch jurist and diplomat whose writings established the basis of modern international law (1583-1645)
grotto	n.	a small cave (usually with attractive features)
grottoes	n.	a small cave (usually with attractive features)
grotty	adj.	very unpleasant or offensive
grouch	n.	a bad-tempered person
grouch	v.	show one's unhappiness or critical attitude
grouchily	adv.	in an ill-natured manner
grouchy	adj.	annoyed and irritable
ground	n.	the solid part of the earth's surface
ground	n.	a rational motive for a belief or action
ground	n.	the loose soft material that makes up a large part of the land surface
ground	n.	a relation that provides the foundation for something
ground	n.	a position to be won or defended in battle (or as if in battle)
ground	n.	the part of a scene (or picture) that lies behind objects in the foreground
ground	n.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use)
ground	n.	a relatively homogeneous percept extending back of the figure on which attention is focused
ground	n.	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage)
ground	n.	(art) the surface (as a wall or canvas) prepared to take the paint for a painting
ground	n.	the first or preliminary coat of paint or size applied to a surface
ground	v.	fix firmly and stably
ground	v.	confine or restrict to the ground
ground	v.	place or put on the ground
ground	v.	instruct someone in the fundamentals of a subject
ground	v.	bring to the ground
ground	v.	hit or reach the ground
ground	v.	throw to the ground in order to stop play and avoid being tackled behind the line of scrimmage
ground	v.	hit a groundball
ground	v.	hit onto the ground
ground	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
ground	v.	connect to a ground
ground	v.	use as a basis for; found on
ground	v.	press or grind with a crushing noise
ground	v.	make a grating or grinding sound by rubbing together
ground	v.	work hard
ground	v.	dance by rotating the pelvis in an erotically suggestive way, often while in contact with one's partner such that the dancers' legs are interlaced
ground	v.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading
ground	v.	created by grinding
ground	v.	shape or form by grinding
groundbreaking	n.	the ceremonial breaking of the ground to formally begin a construction project
groundbreaking	adj.	being or producing something like nothing done or experienced or created before
grounder	n.	(baseball) a hit that travels along the ground
groundhog	n.	reddish brown North American marmot
grounding	n.	education or instruction in the fundamentals of a field of knowledge
grounding	n.	fastening electrical equipment to earth
grounding	v.	fix firmly and stably
grounding	v.	confine or restrict to the ground
grounding	v.	place or put on the ground
grounding	v.	instruct someone in the fundamentals of a subject
grounding	v.	bring to the ground
grounding	v.	hit or reach the ground
grounding	v.	throw to the ground in order to stop play and avoid being tackled behind the line of scrimmage
grounding	v.	hit a groundball
grounding	v.	hit onto the ground
grounding	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
grounding	v.	connect to a ground
grounding	v.	use as a basis for; found on
groundless	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
groundnut	n.	a North American vine with fragrant blossoms and edible tubers; important food crop of Native Americans
groundnut	n.	nutlike tuber; important food of Native Americans
groundnut	n.	pod of the peanut vine containing usually 2 nuts or seeds; `groundnut' and `monkey nut' are British terms
groundsheet	n.	a waterproofed piece of cloth spread on the ground (as under a tent) to protect from moisture
groundskeeper	n.	someone who maintains the grounds (of an estate or park or athletic field)
groundsman	n.	someone who maintains the grounds (of an estate or park or athletic field)
groundsmen	n.	someone who maintains the grounds (of an estate or park or athletic field)
groundwork	n.	the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained
groundwork	n.	lowest support of a structure
groundwork	n.	preliminary preparation as a basis or foundation
group	n.	any number of entities (members) considered as a unit
group	n.	(chemistry) two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule
group	n.	a set that is closed, associative, has an identity element and every element has an inverse
group	v.	arrange into a group or groups
group	v.	form a group or group together
grouper	n.	flesh of a saltwater fish similar to sea bass
grouper	n.	usually solitary bottom sea basses of warm seas
groupie	n.	an enthusiastic young fan (especially a young woman who follows rock groups around)
grouping	n.	any number of entities (members) considered as a unit
grouping	n.	the activity of putting things together in groups
grouping	n.	a system for classifying things into groups
grouping	v.	arrange into a group or groups
grouping	v.	form a group or group together
groupware	n.	software that can be used by a group of people who are working on the same information but may be distributed in space
grouse	n.	flesh of any of various grouse of the family Tetraonidae; usually roasted; flesh too dry to broil
grouse	n.	popular game bird having a plump body and feathered legs and feet
grouse	v.	hunt grouse
grouse	v.	complain
grout	n.	a thin mortar that can be poured and used to fill cracks in masonry or brickwork
grout	v.	bind with grout
grove	n.	a small growth of trees without underbrush
grove	n.	garden consisting of a small cultivated wood without undergrowth
grovel	v.	show submission or fear
groveler	n.	someone who humbles himself as a sign of respect; who behaves as if he had no self-respect
grovelled	v.	show submission or fear
grovelling	v.	show submission or fear
grovelling	adj.	totally submissive
grow	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
grow	v.	become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain
grow	v.	increase in size by natural process
grow	v.	cause to grow or develop
grow	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
grow	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
grow	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
grow	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
grow	v.	grow emotionally or mature
grow	v.	become attached by or as if by the process of growth
grower	n.	someone concerned with the science or art or business of cultivating the soil
growing	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
growing	n.	(electronics) the production of (semiconductor) crystals by slow crystallization from the molten state
growing	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
growing	v.	become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain
growing	v.	increase in size by natural process
growing	v.	cause to grow or develop
growing	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
growing	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
growing	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
growing	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
growing	v.	grow emotionally or mature
growing	v.	become attached by or as if by the process of growth
growing	adj.	relating to or suitable for growth
growl	n.	the sound of growling (as made by animals)
growl	v.	to utter or emit low dull rumbling sounds
growler	n.	a speaker whose voice sounds like a growl
growler	n.	a small iceberg or ice floe just large enough to be hazardous for shipping
grown	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
grown	v.	become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain
grown	v.	increase in size by natural process
grown	v.	cause to grow or develop
grown	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
grown	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
grown	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
grown	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
grown	v.	grow emotionally or mature
grown	v.	become attached by or as if by the process of growth
grown	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
grownup	n.	a fully developed person from maturity onward
grownup	adj.	(of animals) fully developed
growth	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
growth	n.	a progression from simpler to more complex forms
growth	n.	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important
growth	n.	vegetation that has grown
growth	n.	the gradual beginning or coming forth
growth	n.	(pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (as in a tumor)
growth	n.	something grown or growing
growths	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
growths	n.	a progression from simpler to more complex forms
growths	n.	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important
growths	n.	vegetation that has grown
growths	n.	the gradual beginning or coming forth
growths	n.	(pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (as in a tumor)
growths	n.	something grown or growing
grozny	n.	the capital of Chechnya in southwestern Russia; center of extensive oil fields
grub	n.	informal terms for a meal
grub	n.	a soft thick wormlike larva of certain beetles and other insects
grub	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
grub	v.	search about busily
grubbed	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
grubbed	v.	search about busily
grubbily	adv.	in a dingy manner
grubbiness	n.	the state of being grimy
grubbing	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
grubbing	v.	search about busily
grubby	n.	small sculpin of the coast of New England
grubby	adj.	infested with grubs
grubby	adj.	thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot
grubstake	n.	funds advanced to a prospector or to someone starting a business in return for a share of the profits
grubstake	v.	supply with funds in return for a promised share of profits
grudge	n.	a resentment strong enough to justify retaliation
grudge	v.	bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings
grudge	v.	accept or admit unwillingly
grudging	v.	bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings
grudging	v.	accept or admit unwillingly
grudging	adj.	of especially an attitude
grudging	adj.	petty or reluctant in giving or spending
gruel	n.	a thin porridge (usually oatmeal or cornmeal)
grueling	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
gruesome	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
gruesomeness	n.	the quality of being ghastly
gruff	adj.	brusque and surly and forbidding
gruff	adj.	deep and harsh sounding as if from shouting or illness or emotion; ; ; ; - Virgil Thomson
gruffness	n.	a throaty harshness
gruffness	n.	an abrupt discourteous manner
grumble	n.	a loud low dull continuous noise
grumble	n.	a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone
grumble	v.	show one's unhappiness or critical attitude
grumble	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
grumble	v.	to utter or emit low dull rumbling sounds
grumble	v.	make a low noise
grumbler	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
grump	n.	a bad-tempered person
grumpily	adv.	in an ill-natured manner
grumpiness	n.	a fussy and eccentric disposition
grumpy	adj.	annoyed and irritable
grunge	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
grungy	adj.	thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot
grunt	n.	the short low gruff noise of the kind made by hogs
grunt	n.	an unskilled or low-ranking soldier or other worker
grunt	n.	medium-sized tropical marine food fishes that utter grunting sounds when caught
grunt	v.	issue a grunting, low, animal-like noise
grus	n.	a small constellation in the southern hemisphere near Phoenix
grus	n.	type genus of the Gruidae: typical cranes
gruyere	n.	Swiss cheese with small holes
gsa	n.	a central management agency that sets Federal policy for Federal procurement and real property management and information resources management
gu	n.	the largest and southernmost island in the Marianas which is administered as a territory of the United States; it was ceded by Spain to the United States in 1898
gu	adj.	of or related to the genital and urinary organs or their functions
guacamole	n.	a dip made of mashed avocado mixed with chopped onions and other seasonings
guadalajara	n.	a city in southwestern Mexico; a popular health resort and site of architecture from the Spanish colonial era
guadalcanal	n.	a mountainous island; the largest of the Solomon Islands in the independent state that is a member of the British Commonwealth
guadalcanal	n.	a battle in World War II in the Pacific (1942-1943); the island was occupied by the Japanese and later recaptured by American forces
guadeloupe	n.	an island territory of France located in the eastern West Indies; tourism is the major industry
guallatiri	n.	the world's highest volcano; in the Andes in northern Chile; last erupted in 1959
guam	n.	the largest and southernmost island in the Marianas which is administered as a territory of the United States; it was ceded by Spain to the United States in 1898
guangdong	n.	a province in southern China
guangzhou	n.	a city on the Zhu Jiang delta in southern China; the capital of Guangdong province and a major deep-water port
guanine	n.	a purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with cytosine
guano	n.	the excrement of sea birds; used as fertilizer
guantanamo	n.	a city in southeastern Cuba; site of a United States naval base
guarani	n.	the basic unit of money in Paraguay; equal to 100 centimos
guarani	n.	a member of the South American people living in Paraguay and Bolivia
guarani	n.	the language spoken by the Guarani of Paraguay and Bolivia
guarantee	n.	a written assurance that some product or service will be provided or will meet certain specifications
guarantee	n.	an unconditional commitment that something will happen or that something is true
guarantee	n.	a collateral agreement to answer for the debt of another in case that person defaults
guarantee	v.	give surety or assume responsibility
guarantee	v.	make certain of
guarantee	v.	promise to do or accomplish
guarantee	v.	stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of
guaranteeing	v.	give surety or assume responsibility
guaranteeing	v.	make certain of
guaranteeing	v.	promise to do or accomplish
guaranteeing	v.	stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of
guarantor	n.	one who provides a warrant or guarantee to another
guaranty	n.	a collateral agreement to answer for the debt of another in case that person defaults
guard	n.	a person who keeps watch over something or someone
guard	n.	the person who plays that position on a football team
guard	n.	a device designed to prevent injury or accidents
guard	n.	a posture of defence in boxing or fencing
guard	n.	the person who plays the position of guard on a basketball team
guard	n.	a military unit serving to protect some place or person
guard	n.	a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.
guard	n.	the duty of serving as a sentry
guard	n.	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage
guard	n.	a position on a basketball team
guard	v.	to keep watch over
guard	v.	watch over or shield from danger or harm; protect
guard	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
guard	v.	take precautions in order to avoid some unwanted consequence
guarded	v.	to keep watch over
guarded	v.	watch over or shield from danger or harm; protect
guarded	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
guarded	v.	take precautions in order to avoid some unwanted consequence
guarded	adj.	prudent
guardhouse	n.	a military facility that serves as the headquarters for military police and in which military prisoners can be detained
guardian	n.	a person who cares for persons or property
guardianship	n.	attention and management implying responsibility for safety
guardianship	n.	the responsibility of a guardian or keeper
guardrail	n.	a railing placed alongside a stairway or road for safety
guardroom	n.	a cell in which soldiers who are prisoners are confined
guardroom	n.	a room used by soldiers on guard
guardsman	n.	a soldier who is a member of a unit called `the guard' or `guards'
guardsmen	n.	a soldier who is a member of a unit called `the guard' or `guards'
guarnieri	n.	Italian violin maker and grandson of Andrea Guarneri (1687?-1745)
guarnieri	n.	founder of a family of Italian violin makers (1626?-1698)
guatemala	n.	a republic in Central America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821; noted for low per capita income and illiteracy; politically unstable
guatemalan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Guatemala
guatemalan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Guatemala or its residents
guava	n.	small tropical shrubby tree bearing small yellowish fruit
guava	n.	small tropical American shrubby tree; widely cultivated in warm regions for its sweet globular yellow fruit
guava	n.	tropical fruit having yellow skin and pink pulp; eaten fresh or used for e.g. jellies
guayaquil	n.	the largest city of Ecuador
gubernatorial	adj.	relating to a governor
guernsey	n.	a Channel Island to the northwest of Jersey
guernsey	n.	breed of dairy cattle from the island of Guernsey
guerrilla	n.	a member of an irregular armed force that fights a stronger force by sabotage and harassment
guess	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
guess	n.	an estimate based on little or no information
guess	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
guess	v.	put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation
guess	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
guess	v.	guess correctly; solve by guessing
guesser	n.	a person who guesses
guesstimate	n.	an estimate that combines reasoning with guessing
guesstimate	v.	estimate based on a calculation
guesswork	n.	an estimate based on little or no information
guest	n.	a visitor to whom hospitality is extended
guest	n.	United States journalist (born in England) noted for his syndicated homey verse (1881-1959)
guest	n.	a customer of a hotel or restaurant etc.
guest	n.	(computer science) any computer that is hooked up to a computer network
guesthouse	n.	a house separate from the main house; for housing guests
guestroom	n.	a bedroom that is kept for the use of guests
guevara	n.	an Argentine revolutionary leader who was Fidel Castro's chief lieutenant in the Cuban revolution; active in other Latin American countries; was captured and executed by the Bolivian army (1928-1967)
guff	n.	unacceptable behavior (especially ludicrously false statements)
guffaw	n.	a burst of deep loud hearty laughter
guffaw	v.	laugh boisterously
guggenheim	n.	United States philanthropist; son of Meyer Guggenheim who created several foundations to support the arts (1861-1949)
guggenheim	n.	United States industrialist (born in Switzerland) who with his sons established vast mining and metal processing companies (1828-1905)
gui	n.	a user interface based on graphics (icons and pictures and menus) instead of text; uses a mouse as well as a keyboard as an input device
guiana	n.	a geographical region of northeastern South America including Guyana and Surinam
guidance	n.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action
guidance	n.	the act of guiding or showing the way
guidance	n.	the act of setting and holding a course
guide	n.	someone employed to conduct others
guide	n.	someone who shows the way by leading or advising
guide	n.	something that offers basic information or instruction
guide	n.	a model or standard for making comparisons
guide	n.	someone who can find paths through unexplored territory
guide	n.	a structure or marking that serves to direct the motion or positioning of something
guide	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
guide	v.	take somebody somewhere
guide	v.	be a guiding or motivating force or drive
guide	v.	use as a guide
guide	v.	pass over, across, or through
guidebook	n.	something that offers basic information or instruction
guided	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
guided	v.	take somebody somewhere
guided	v.	be a guiding or motivating force or drive
guided	v.	use as a guide
guided	v.	pass over, across, or through
guided	adj.	subject to guidance or control especially after launching
guideline	n.	a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters
guideline	n.	a detailed plan or explanation to guide you in setting standards or determining a course of action
guideline	n.	a rule or principle that provides guidance to appropriate behavior
guidepost	n.	a rule or principle that provides guidance to appropriate behavior
guidepost	n.	a post bearing a sign that gives directions or shows the way
guild	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
guilder	n.	the basic unit of money in Suriname; equal to 100 cents
guilder	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in the Netherlands; equal to 100 cents
guildhall	n.	the hall of a guild or corporation
guile	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
guile	n.	the quality of being crafty
guile	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
guileful	adj.	marked by skill in deception
guileless	adj.	free of deceit
guillemot	n.	small black or brown speckled auks of northern seas
guillotine	n.	closure imposed on the debate of specific sections of a bill
guillotine	n.	instrument of execution that consists of a weighted blade between two vertical poles; used for beheading people
guillotine	v.	kill by cutting the head off with a guillotine
guilt	n.	the state of having committed an offense
guilt	n.	remorse caused by feeling responsible for some offense
guiltily	adv.	in the manner of someone who has committed an offense
guiltiness	n.	the state of having committed an offense
guiltless	adj.	free from evil or guilt
guilty	adj.	responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act
guilty	adj.	showing a sense of guilt; ; - Eric Linklater
guinea	n.	a former British gold coin worth 21 shillings
guinea	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Italian descent
guinea	n.	a republic in western Africa on the Atlantic; formerly a French colony; achieved independence from France in 1958
guinea	n.	a west African bird having dark plumage mottled with white; native to Africa but raised for food in many parts of the world
guinean	n.	a native or inhabitant of Guinea
guinean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Guinea or its inhabitants
guinevere	n.	(Arthurian legend) wife of King Arthur; in some versions of the legend she became Lancelot's lover and that led to the end of the Knights of the Round Table
guinness	n.	English stage and screen actor noted for versatility (1914-2000)
guinness	n.	a kind of bitter stout
guise	n.	an artful or simulated semblance
guitar	n.	a stringed instrument usually having six strings; played by strumming or plucking
guitarist	n.	a musician who plays the guitar
gujarat	n.	a region of western India to the north of Bombay (bordering the Arabian Sea) where Gujarati is spoken
gujarat	n.	an industrialized state in western India that includes parts of Bombay
gujarati	n.	a member of the people of Gujarat
gujarati	n.	the Indic language spoken by the people of India who live in Gujarat in western India
gulag	n.	a Russian prison camp for political prisoners
gulch	n.	a narrow gorge with a stream running through it
gulden	n.	the basic unit of money in Suriname; equal to 100 cents
gulden	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in the Netherlands; equal to 100 cents
gulf	n.	an arm of a sea or ocean partly enclosed by land; larger than a bay
gulf	n.	an unbridgeable disparity (as from a failure of understanding)
gulf	n.	a deep wide chasm
gull	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
gull	n.	mostly white aquatic bird having long pointed wings and short legs
gull	v.	make a fool or dupe of
gull	v.	fool or hoax
gullet	n.	the passage between the pharynx and the stomach
gullibility	n.	tendency to believe too readily and therefore to be easily deceived
gullible	adj.	naive and easily deceived or tricked
gullible	adj.	easily tricked because of being too trusting
gulliver	n.	a fictional Englishman who travels to the imaginary land of Lilliput in a satirical novel by Jonathan Swift
gully	n.	deep ditch cut by running water (especially after a prolonged downpour)
gulp	n.	a large and hurried swallow
gulp	n.	a spasmodic reflex of the throat made as if in swallowing
gulp	v.	to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught
gulp	v.	utter or make a noise, as when swallowing too quickly
gulper	n.	a drinker who swallows large amounts greedily
gum	n.	a preparation (usually made of sweetened chicle) for chewing
gum	n.	the tissue (covered by mucous membrane) of the jaws that surrounds the bases of the teeth
gum	n.	any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants; they are gelatinous when moist but harden on drying
gum	n.	cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive
gum	n.	wood or lumber from any of various gum trees especially the sweet gum
gum	n.	any of various trees of the genera Eucalyptus or Liquidambar or Nyssa that are sources of gum
gum	v.	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum
gum	v.	grind with the gums; chew without teeth and with great difficulty
gum	v.	become sticky
gum	v.	exude or form gum
gumbo	n.	any of various fine-grained silty soils that become waxy and very sticky mud when saturated with water
gumbo	n.	tall coarse annual of Old World tropics widely cultivated in southern United States and West Indies for its long mucilaginous green pods used as basis for soups and stews; sometimes placed in genus Hibiscus
gumbo	n.	long mucilaginous green pods; may be simmered or sauteed but used especially in soups and stews
gumbo	n.	a soup or stew thickened with okra pods
gumboil	n.	a boil or abscess on the gums
gumdrop	n.	a jellied candy coated with sugar crystals
gummed	v.	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum
gummed	v.	grind with the gums; chew without teeth and with great difficulty
gummed	v.	become sticky
gummed	v.	exude or form gum
gummed	adj.	covered with adhesive gum
gumming	n.	ineffectual chewing (as if without teeth)
gumming	v.	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum
gumming	v.	grind with the gums; chew without teeth and with great difficulty
gumming	v.	become sticky
gumming	v.	exude or form gum
gummy	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
gummy	adj.	covered with adhesive gum
gumption	n.	sound practical judgment
gumption	n.	fortitude and determination
gumshoe	n.	someone who is a detective
gumshoe	n.	a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow
gun	n.	a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal tube or barrel)
gun	n.	large but transportable armament
gun	n.	a person who shoots a gun (as regards their ability)
gun	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
gun	n.	a hand-operated pump that resembles a revolver; forces grease into parts of a machine
gun	n.	a pedal that controls the throttle valve
gun	n.	the discharge of a firearm as signal or as a salute in military ceremonies
gun	v.	shoot with a gun
gunboat	n.	a small shallow-draft boat carrying mounted guns; used by costal patrols
gunfight	n.	a fight involving shooting small arms with the intent to kill or frighten
gunfire	n.	the act of shooting a gun
gunk	n.	any thick, viscous matter
gunman	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
gunman	n.	a person who shoots a gun (as regards their ability)
gunmen	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
gunmen	n.	a person who shoots a gun (as regards their ability)
gunmetal	n.	a type of bronze used for parts subject to wear or corrosion (especially corrosion by sea water)
gunned	v.	shoot with a gun
gunnel	n.	wale at the top of the side of boat; topmost planking of a wooden vessel
gunnel	n.	small eellike fishes common in shallow waters of the northern Atlantic
gunner	n.	a serviceman in the artillery
gunnery	n.	guns collectively
gunning	v.	shoot with a gun
gunny	n.	coarse jute fabric
gunnysack	n.	a bag made of burlap
gunpoint	n.	the gun muzzle's direction
gunpowder	n.	a mixture of potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in a 75:15:10 ratio which is used in gunnery, time fuses, and fireworks
gunrunner	n.	a smuggler of guns
gunrunning	n.	the smuggling of guns and ammunition into a country secretly and illegally
gunshot	n.	the act of shooting a gun
gunslinger	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
gunsmith	n.	someone who makes or repairs guns
gunsmiths	n.	someone who makes or repairs guns
gunwale	n.	wale at the top of the side of boat; topmost planking of a wooden vessel
guppy	n.	small freshwater fish of South America and the West Indies; often kept in aquariums
gurgle	n.	the bubbling sound of water flowing from a bottle with a narrow neck
gurgle	v.	flow in an irregular current with a bubbling noise
gurgle	v.	make sounds similar to gurgling water
gurgle	v.	drink from a flask with a gurgling sound
gurgle	v.	utter with a gurgling sound
gurkha	n.	a member of the Nepalese force that has been part of the British army for 200 years; known for fierceness in combat
gurkha	n.	a member of Hindu people descended from brahmins and Rajputs who live in Nepal
gurney	n.	a metal stretcher with wheels
guru	n.	a Hindu or Buddhist religious leader and spiritual teacher
guru	n.	each of the first ten leaders of the Sikh religion
guru	n.	a recognized leader in some field or of some movement
gus	n.	the largest and southernmost island in the Marianas which is administered as a territory of the United States; it was ceded by Spain to the United States in 1898
gush	n.	a sudden rapid flow (as of water)
gush	n.	an unrestrained expression of emotion
gush	v.	gush forth in a sudden stream or jet
gush	v.	praise enthusiastically
gush	v.	issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
gusher	n.	an oil well with a strong natural flow so that pumping is not necessary
gushing	v.	gush forth in a sudden stream or jet
gushing	v.	praise enthusiastically
gushing	v.	issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
gushing	adj.	flowing profusely
gushing	adj.	uttered with unrestrained enthusiasm
gushing	adj.	extravagantly demonstrative
gushy	adj.	extravagantly demonstrative
gusset	n.	a piece of chain mail covering a place unprotected by armor plate
gusset	n.	a metal plate used to strengthen a joist
gusset	n.	a piece of material used to strengthen or enlarge a garment
gust	n.	a strong current of air
gustatory	adj.	of or relating to gustation
gustavus	n.	the last king of Sweden to have any real political power (1882-1973)
gustavus	n.	king of Sweden who kept Sweden neutral during both World War I and II (1858-1950)
gustavus	n.	king of Sweden whose losses to Napoleon I led to his being deposed in 1809 (1778-1837)
gustavus	n.	king of Sweden who increased the royal power and waged an unpopular war against Russia (1746-1792)
gustavus	n.	king of Sweden whose victories in battle made Sweden a European power; his domestic reforms made Sweden a modern state; in 1630 he intervened on the Protestant side of the Thirty Years' War and was killed in the battle of Lutzen (1594-1632)
gustavus	n.	king of Sweden who established Lutheranism as the state religion (1496-1560)
gusto	n.	vigorous and enthusiastic enjoyment
gusty	adj.	blowing in puffs or short intermittent blasts
gut	n.	the part of the alimentary canal between the stomach and the anus
gut	n.	a narrow channel or strait
gut	n.	a strong cord made from the intestines of sheep and used in surgery
gut	v.	empty completely; destroy the inside of
gut	v.	remove the guts of
gutenberg	n.	German printer who was the first in Europe to print using movable type and the first to use a press (1400-1468)
guthrie	n.	United States folk singer and songwriter (1912-1967)
gutless	adj.	lacking courage or vitality
gutless	adj.	weak in willpower, courage or vitality
gutlessness	n.	the trait of lacking courage and determination; fearful of loss or injury
gutsy	adj.	marked by courage and determination in the face of difficulties or danger; robust and uninhibited; ; -Judith Crist
gutter	n.	a channel along the eaves or on the roof; collects and carries away rainwater
gutter	n.	misfortune resulting in lost effort or money
gutter	n.	a worker who guts things (fish or buildings or cars etc.)
gutter	n.	a tool for gutting fish
gutter	v.	burn unsteadily, feebly, or low; flicker
gutter	v.	flow in small streams
gutter	v.	wear or cut gutters into
gutter	v.	provide with gutters
guttersnipe	n.	a child who spends most of his time in the streets especially in slum areas
guttural	n.	a consonant articulated in the back of the mouth or throat
guttural	adj.	like the sounds of frogs and crows
guttural	adj.	relating to or articulated in the throat
guvnor	n.	(British slang) boss
guy	n.	an informal term for a youth or man
guy	n.	an effigy of Guy Fawkes that is burned on a bonfire on Guy Fawkes Day
guy	n.	a cable, wire, or rope that is used to brace something (especially a tent)
guy	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
guy	v.	steady or support with a guy wire or cable
guyana	n.	a republic in northeastern South America; formerly part of the British Empire, but it achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1966
guyanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Guyana
guyanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Guyana or its inhabitants
guzzle	v.	drink greedily or as if with great thirst
guzzler	n.	someone who drinks heavily (especially alcoholic beverages)
guzzler	n.	a drinker who swallows large amounts greedily
gwyn	n.	Celtic underworld god
gym	n.	athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training
gymkhana	n.	a meet at which riders and horses display a range of skills and aptitudes
gymnasium	n.	a school for students intermediate between elementary school and college; usually grades 9 to 12
gymnasium	n.	athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training
gymnast	n.	an athlete who is skilled in gymnastics
gymnastic	adj.	vigorously active
gymnastic	adj.	of or relating to or used in exercises intended to develop strength and agility
gymnastics	n.	a sport that involves exercises intended to display strength and balance and agility
gymnosperm	n.	plants of the class Gymnospermae having seeds not enclosed in an ovary
gymslip	n.	a sleeveless tunic worn by English girls as part of a school uniform
gynecologic	adj.	of or relating to or practicing gynecology
gynecological	adj.	of or relating to or practicing gynecology
gynecologist	n.	a specialist in gynecology
gynecology	n.	the branch of medicine that deals with the diseases and hygiene of women
gyp	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
gyp	v.	deprive of by deceit
gypped	v.	deprive of by deceit
gypping	v.	deprive of by deceit
gypsum	n.	a common white or colorless mineral (hydrated calcium sulphate) used to make cements and plasters (especially plaster of Paris)
gypsy	n.	a laborer who moves from place to place as demanded by employment
gypsy	n.	a member of a people with dark skin and hair who speak Romany and who traditionally live by seasonal work and fortunetelling; they are believed to have originated in northern India but now are living on all continents (but mostly in Europe, North Africa, and North America)
gypsy	n.	the Indic language of the Gypsies
gyrate	v.	to wind or move in a spiral course
gyrate	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
gyration	n.	a single complete turn (axial or orbital)
gyration	n.	the act of rotating in a circle or spiral
gyrfalcon	n.	large and rare Arctic falcon having white and dark color phases
gyro	n.	a Greek sandwich: sliced roast lamb with onion and tomato stuffed into pita bread
gyro	n.	rotating mechanism in the form of a universally mounted spinning wheel that offers resistance to turns in any direction
gyroscope	n.	rotating mechanism in the form of a universally mounted spinning wheel that offers resistance to turns in any direction
gyroscopic	adj.	having the characteristics of a gyroscope
h	n.	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe
h	n.	a unit of inductance in which an induced electromotive force of one volt is produced when the current is varied at the rate of one ampere per second
h	n.	the constant of proportionality relating the energy of a photon to its frequency; approximately 6.626 x 10^-34 joule-second
h	n.	the 8th letter of the Roman alphabet
h	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity equal to the internal energy of a system plus the product of its volume and pressure
ha	n.	(astronomy) the angular distance of a celestial point measured westward along the celestial equator from the zenith crossing; the right ascension for an observer at a particular location and time of day
habakkuk	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet
habakkuk	n.	an Old Testament book telling Habakkuk's prophecies
haber	n.	German chemist noted for the synthetic production of ammonia from the nitrogen in air (1868-1934)
haberdasher	n.	a merchant who sells men's clothing
haberdashery	n.	a store where men's clothes are sold
haberdashery	n.	the drygoods sold by a haberdasher
habiliment	n.	a covering designed to be worn on a person's body
habit	n.	an established custom
habit	n.	(psychology) an automatic pattern of behavior in reaction to a specific situation; may be inherited or acquired through frequent repetition
habit	n.	a distinctive attire worn by a member of a religious order
habit	n.	the general form or mode of growth (especially of a plant or crystal)
habit	n.	attire that is typically worn by a horseback rider (especially a woman's attire)
habit	n.	excessive use of drugs
habit	v.	put a habit on
habitability	n.	suitability for living in or on
habitat	n.	the type of environment in which an organism or group normally lives or occurs
habitation	n.	the native habitat or home of an animal or plant
habitation	n.	housing that someone is living in
habitation	n.	the act of dwelling in or living permanently in a place (said of both animals and men)
habitual	adj.	commonly used or practiced; usual
habituate	v.	take or consume (regularly or habitually)
habituate	v.	make psychologically or physically used (to something)
habituation	n.	being abnormally tolerant to and dependent on something that is psychologically or physically habit-forming (especially alcohol or narcotic drugs)
habituation	n.	a general accommodation to unchanging environmental conditions
habitue	n.	a regular patron
hacienda	n.	a large estate in Spanish-speaking countries
hacienda	n.	the main house on a ranch or large estate
hack	n.	one who works hard at boring tasks
hack	n.	a politician who belongs to a small clique that controls a political party for private rather than public ends
hack	n.	a mediocre and disdained writer
hack	n.	a tool (as a hoe or pick or mattock) used for breaking up the surface of the soil
hack	n.	a car driven by a person whose job is to take passengers where they want to go in exchange for money
hack	n.	an old or over-worked horse
hack	n.	a horse kept for hire
hack	n.	a saddle horse used for transportation rather than sport etc.
hack	v.	cut with a hacking tool
hack	v.	be able to manage or manage successfully
hack	v.	cut away
hack	v.	kick on the arms
hack	v.	kick on the shins
hack	v.	fix a computer program piecemeal until it works
hack	v.	significantly cut up a manuscript
hack	v.	cough spasmodically
hacker	n.	someone who plays golf poorly
hacker	n.	a programmer who breaks into computer systems in order to steal or change or destroy information as a form of cyber-terrorism
hacker	n.	a programmer for whom computing is its own reward; may enjoy the challenge of breaking into other computers but does no harm
hacker	n.	one who works hard at boring tasks
hacking	v.	cut with a hacking tool
hacking	v.	be able to manage or manage successfully
hacking	v.	cut away
hacking	v.	kick on the arms
hacking	v.	kick on the shins
hacking	v.	fix a computer program piecemeal until it works
hacking	v.	significantly cut up a manuscript
hacking	v.	cough spasmodically
hackle	n.	long slender feather on the necks of e.g. turkeys and pheasants
hackle	v.	comb with a heckle
hackney	n.	a carriage for hire
hackney	n.	a compact breed of harness horse
hacksaw	n.	saw used with one hand for cutting metal
hackwork	n.	professional work done according to formula
had	v.	have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
had	v.	have as a feature
had	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
had	v.	have ownership or possession of
had	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
had	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
had	v.	have a personal or business relationship with someone
had	v.	organize or be responsible for
had	v.	have left
had	v.	be confronted with
had	v.	undergo
had	v.	suffer from; be ill with
had	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
had	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
had	v.	get something; come into possession of
had	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
had	v.	achieve a point or goal
had	v.	cause to be born
had	v.	have sex with; archaic use
haddock	n.	lean white flesh of fish similar to but smaller than cod; usually baked or poached or as fillets sauteed or fried
haddock	n.	important food fish on both sides of the Atlantic; related to cod but usually smaller
hades	n.	(Greek mythology) the god of the underworld in ancient mythology; brother of Zeus and husband of Persephone
hades	n.	(religion) the world of the dead; -Theognis
hadith	n.	(Islam) a tradition based on reports of the sayings and activities of Muhammad and his companions
hadith	n.	(Islam) the way of life prescribed as normative for Muslims on the basis of the teachings and practices of Muhammad and interpretations of the Koran
hadrian	n.	Roman Emperor who was the adoptive son of Trajan; travelled throughout his empire to strengthen its frontiers and encourage learning and architecture; on a visit to Britain in 122 he ordered the construction of Hadrian's Wall (76-138)
hafnium	n.	a grey tetravalent metallic element that resembles zirconium chemically and is found in zirconium minerals; used in filaments for its ready emission of electrons
haft	n.	the handle of a weapon or tool
hag	n.	an ugly evil-looking old woman
hag	n.	eellike cyclostome having a tongue with horny teeth in a round mouth surrounded by eight tentacles; feeds on dead or trapped fishes by boring into their bodies
hagerstown	n.	a town in northern Maryland
haggai	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet
haggai	n.	an Old Testament book telling the prophecies of Haggai which are concerned mainly with rebuilding the temples after the Babylonian Captivity
haggard	n.	British writer noted for romantic adventure novels (1856-1925)
haggard	adj.	showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; ; ; ; - Charles Dickens
haggard	adj.	very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold
haggis	n.	made of sheep's or calf's viscera minced with oatmeal and suet and onions and boiled in the animal's stomach
haggle	n.	an instance of intense argument (as in bargaining)
haggle	v.	wrangle (over a price, terms of an agreement, etc.)
haggler	n.	an intense bargainer
hagiographa	n.	the third of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures
hagiographer	n.	the author of a worshipful or idealizing biography
hagiography	n.	a biography that idealizes or idolizes the person (especially a person who is a saint)
hahn	n.	German chemist who was co-discoverer with Lise Meitner of nuclear fission (1879-1968)
hahnium	n.	a transuranic element
haida	n.	a member of a seafaring group of North American Indians who lived on the Pacific coast of British Columbia and southwestern Alaska
haida	n.	the Na-Dene language of the Haida
haifa	n.	a major port in northwestern Israel
haiku	n.	an epigrammatic Japanese verse form of three short lines
hail	n.	precipitation of ice pellets when there are strong rising air currents
hail	n.	many objects thrown forcefully through the air
hail	n.	enthusiastic greeting
hail	v.	praise vociferously
hail	v.	be a native of
hail	v.	call for
hail	v.	greet enthusiastically or joyfully
hail	v.	precipitate as small ice particles
hailstone	n.	small pellet of ice that falls during a hailstorm
hailstorm	n.	a storm during which hail falls
haiphong	n.	a port city in northern Vietnam; industrial center
hair	n.	a covering for the body (or parts of it) consisting of a dense growth of threadlike structures (as on the human head); helps to prevent heat loss
hair	n.	a very small distance or space
hair	n.	filamentous hairlike growth on a plant
hair	n.	any of the cylindrical filaments characteristically growing from the epidermis of a mammal
hair	n.	cloth woven from horsehair or camelhair; used for upholstery or stiffening in garments
hair	n.	a filamentous projection or process on an organism
hairball	n.	a compact mass of hair that forms in the alimentary canal (especially in the stomach of animals as a result of licking fur)
hairbrush	n.	a brush used to groom a person's hair
haircloth	n.	cloth woven from horsehair or camelhair; used for upholstery or stiffening in garments
haircut	n.	the style in which hair has been cut
haircut	n.	the act of cutting the hair
hairdo	n.	the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair)
hairdresser	n.	someone who cuts or beautifies hair
hairdressing	n.	a toiletry for the hair
hairdressing	n.	care for the hair: the activity of washing or cutting or curling or arranging the hair
hairgrip	n.	a flat wire hairpin whose prongs press tightly together; used to hold bobbed hair in place
hairiness	n.	the quality of having hair
hairless	adj.	having no hair or fur
hairlike	adj.	long and slender with a very small internal diameter
hairline	n.	a very thin line
hairline	n.	the natural margin formed by hair on the head
hairnet	n.	a small net that some women wear over their hair to keep it in place
hairpiece	n.	a covering or bunch of human or artificial hair used for disguise or adornment
hairpin	n.	a double pronged pin used to hold women's hair in place
hairsbreadth	n.	a very small distance or space
hairsbreadths	n.	a very small distance or space
hairsplitter	n.	a disputant who makes unreasonably fine distinctions
hairsplitting	n.	making too fine distinctions of little importance
hairsplitting	adj.	developed in excessively fine detail
hairspring	n.	a fine spiral spring that regulates the movement of the balance wheel in a timepiece
hairstyle	n.	the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair)
hairstylist	n.	someone who cuts or beautifies hair
hairy	adj.	having or covered with hair
hairy	adj.	hazardous and frightening
haiti	n.	a republic in the West Indies on the western part of the island of Hispaniola; achieved independence from France in 1804; the poorest and most illiterate nation in the western hemisphere
haiti	n.	an island in the West Indies
haitian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Haiti
haitian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the republic of Haiti or its people
haj	n.	the fifth pillar of Islam is a pilgrimage to Mecca during the month of Dhu al-Hijja; at least once in a lifetime a Muslim is expected to make a religious journey to Mecca and the Kaaba
hajj	n.	the fifth pillar of Islam is a pilgrimage to Mecca during the month of Dhu al-Hijja; at least once in a lifetime a Muslim is expected to make a religious journey to Mecca and the Kaaba
hajjes	n.	the fifth pillar of Islam is a pilgrimage to Mecca during the month of Dhu al-Hijja; at least once in a lifetime a Muslim is expected to make a religious journey to Mecca and the Kaaba
hajji	n.	a general term used by foreign soldiers to refer to the Iraqi people
hajji	n.	an Arabic term of respect for someone who has made the pilgrimage to Mecca
hake	n.	the lean flesh of a fish similar to cod
hake	n.	any of several marine food fishes related to cod
hakka	n.	a member of a people of southeastern China (especially Hong Kong, Canton, and Taiwan) who migrated from the north in the 12th century
hakka	n.	a dialect of Chinese spoken in southeastern China by the Hakka
halal	n.	(Islam) meat from animals that have been slaughtered in the prescribed way according to the shariah
halal	adj.	proper or legitimate
halal	adj.	conforming to dietary laws
halberd	n.	a pike fitted with an ax head
halcyon	n.	(Greek mythology) a woman who was turned into a kingfisher
halcyon	n.	a large kingfisher widely distributed in warmer parts of the Old World
halcyon	n.	a mythical bird said to breed at the time of the winter solstice in a nest floating on the sea and to have the power of calming the winds and waves
halcyon	adj.	idyllically calm and peaceful; suggesting happy tranquillity
halcyon	adj.	marked by peace and prosperity
haldane	n.	Scottish geneticist (son of John Haldane) who contributed to the development of population genetics; a popularizer of science and a Marxist (1892-1964)
haldane	n.	Scottish physiologist and brother of Richard Haldane and Elizabeth Haldane; noted for research into industrial diseases (1860-1936)
haldane	n.	Scottish writer and sister of Richard Haldane and John Haldane (1862-1937)
haldane	n.	Scottish statesman and brother of Elizabeth and John Haldane (1856-1928)
hale	n.	a soldier of the American Revolution who was hanged as a spy by the British; his last words were supposed to have been `I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country' (1755-1776)
hale	n.	United States astronomer who discovered that sunspots are associated with strong magnetic fields (1868-1938)
hale	n.	prolific United States writer (1822-1909)
hale	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
hale	v.	draw slowly or heavily
hale	adj.	exhibiting or restored to vigorous good health
haley	n.	United States rock singer who was one of the first to popularize rock'n'roll music (1925-1981)
haley	n.	United States writer and Afro-American who wrote a fictionalized account of tracing his family roots back to Africa (1921-1992)
half	n.	one of two equal parts of a divisible whole
half	n.	one of two divisions into which some games or performances are divided: the two divisions are separated by an interval
half	adj.	consisting of one of two equivalent parts in value or quantity
half	adj.	partial
half	adj.	(of siblings) related through one parent only
half	adv.	partially or to the extent of a half
halfback	n.	(football) the running back who plays the offensive halfback position
halfback	n.	(American football) the position of a back on a football team
halfhearted	adj.	feeling or showing little interest or enthusiasm
halfpence	n.	an English coin worth half a penny
halfpenny	n.	an English coin worth half a penny
halftime	n.	an intermission between the first and second half of a game
halftone	n.	a print obtained from photoengraving
halftone	n.	an engraving used to reproduce an illustration
halfway	adj.	equally distant from the extremes
halfway	adj.	at a point midway between two extremes
halfway	adj.	including only half or a portion
halfway	adv.	at half the distance; at the middle
halibut	n.	lean flesh of very large flatfish of Atlantic or Pacific
halibut	n.	marine food fish of the northern Atlantic or northern Pacific; the largest flatfish and one of the largest teleost fishes
halifax	n.	provincial capital and largest city of Nova Scotia
halite	n.	naturally occurring crystalline sodium chloride
halitosis	n.	offensive breath
hall	n.	an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open
hall	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
hall	n.	a large room for gatherings or entertainment
hall	n.	a college or university building containing living quarters for students
hall	n.	the large room of a manor or castle
hall	n.	English writer whose novel about a lesbian relationship was banned in Britain for many years (1883-1943)
hall	n.	United States child psychologist whose theories of child psychology strongly influenced educational psychology (1844-1924)
hall	n.	United States chemist who developed an economical method of producing aluminum from bauxite (1863-1914)
hall	n.	United States explorer who led three expeditions to the Arctic (1821-1871)
hall	n.	United States astronomer who discovered Phobos and Deimos (the two satellites of Mars) (1829-1907)
hall	n.	a large and imposing house
hall	n.	a large building used by a college or university for teaching or research
hall	n.	a large building for meetings or entertainment
hallelujah	n.	a shout or song of praise to God
hallelujahs	n.	a shout or song of praise to God
halley	n.	English astronomer who used Newton's laws of motion to predict the period of a comet (1656-1742)
hallmark	n.	a distinctive characteristic or attribute
hallmark	n.	a mark on an article of trade to indicate its origin and authenticity
halloo	n.	a shout to attract attention
halloo	v.	urge on with shouts
halloo	v.	shout `halloo', as when greeting someone or attracting attention
hallow	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
hallowed	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
hallowed	adj.	worthy of religious veneration
halloween	n.	the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young people
hallucinate	v.	perceive what is not there; have illusions
hallucination	n.	illusory perception; a common symptom of severe mental disorder
hallucination	n.	a mistaken or unfounded opinion or idea
hallucination	n.	an object perceived during a hallucinatory episode
hallucinatory	adj.	characterized by or characteristic of hallucination ; - Jean Stafford
hallucinogen	n.	a psychoactive drug that induces hallucinations or altered sensory experiences
hallucinogenic	adj.	capable of producing hallucinations
hallway	n.	an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open
halo	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
halo	n.	a toroidal shape
halo	n.	a circle of light around the sun or moon
halogen	n.	any of five related nonmetallic elements (fluorine or chlorine or bromine or iodine or astatine) that are all monovalent and readily form negative ions
halon	n.	a compound in which the hydrogen atoms of a hydrocarbon have been replaced by bromine and other halogen atoms; very stable; used in fire extinguishers although it is thought to release bromine that depletes the ozone layer
hals	n.	Dutch portrait and genre painter who endowed his portraits with vitality and humor (1580?-1666)
halt	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
halt	n.	the event of something ending
halt	n.	an interruption or temporary suspension of progress or movement
halt	v.	cause to stop
halt	v.	come to a halt, stop moving
halt	v.	stop from happening or developing
halt	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
halt	adj.	disabled in the feet or legs
halter	n.	rope or canvas headgear for a horse, with a rope for leading
halter	n.	a rope that is used by a hangman to execute persons who have been condemned to death by hanging
halter	n.	a woman's top that fastens behind the back and neck leaving the back and arms uncovered
halter	n.	either of the rudimentary hind wings of dipterous insects; used for maintaining equilibrium during flight
halter	v.	hang with a halter
halter	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
halting	v.	cause to stop
halting	v.	come to a halt, stop moving
halting	v.	stop from happening or developing
halting	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
halting	adj.	disabled in the feet or legs
halting	adj.	fragmentary or halting from emotional strain
halve	v.	divide by two; divide into halves
halyard	n.	a rope for raising or lowering a sail or flag
ham	n.	meat cut from the thigh of a hog (usually smoked)
ham	n.	(Old Testament) son of Noah
ham	n.	a licensed amateur radio operator
ham	n.	an unskilled actor who overacts
ham	v.	exaggerate one's acting
haman	n.	(Old Testament) the minister of the Persian emperor who hated the Jews and was hanged for plotting to massacre them
hamburg	n.	a port city in northern Germany on the Elbe River that was founded by Charlemagne in the 9th century and is today the largest port in Germany; in 1241 it formed an alliance with Lubeck that became the basis for the Hanseatic League
hamburger	n.	a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often with other ingredients
hamburger	n.	beef that has been ground
hamilton	n.	Irish mathematician (1806-1865)
hamilton	n.	English beauty who was the mistress of Admiral Nelson (1765-1815)
hamilton	n.	United States toxicologist known for her work on industrial poisons (1869-1970)
hamilton	n.	United States statesman and leader of the Federalists; as the first Secretary of the Treasury he establish a federal bank; was mortally wounded in a duel with Aaron Burr (1755-1804)
hamilton	n.	a port city in southeastern Ontario at the western end of Lake Ontario
hamilton	n.	the capital of Bermuda
hamitic	n.	a group of languages in northern Africa related to Semitic
hamlet	n.	a community of people smaller than a village
hamlet	n.	the hero of William Shakespeare's tragedy who hoped to avenge the murder of his father
hamlet	n.	a settlement smaller than a town
hammarskjold	n.	Swedish diplomat who greatly extended the influence of the United Nations in peacekeeping matters (1905-1961)
hammed	v.	exaggerate one's acting
hammer	n.	the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pulled
hammer	n.	a hand tool with a heavy rigid head and a handle; used to deliver an impulsive force by striking
hammer	n.	the ossicle attached to the eardrum
hammer	n.	a light drumstick with a rounded head that is used to strike such percussion instruments as chimes, kettledrums, marimbas, glockenspiels, etc.
hammer	n.	a heavy metal sphere attached to a flexible wire; used in the hammer throw
hammer	n.	a striker that is covered in felt and that causes the piano strings to vibrate
hammer	n.	a power tool for drilling rocks
hammer	n.	the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows)
hammer	v.	beat with or as if with a hammer
hammer	v.	create by hammering
hammerhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
hammerhead	n.	the striking part of a hammer
hammerhead	n.	medium-sized live-bearing shark with eyes at either end of a flattened hammer-shaped head; worldwide in warm waters; can be dangerous
hammerlock	n.	a wrestling hold in which the opponent's arm is twisted up behind his back
hammerstein	n.	United States lyricist who collaborated on many musical comedies (most successfully with Richard Rodgers) (1895-1960)
hammertoe	n.	a deformed toe which is bent in a clawlike arch
hammett	n.	United States writer of hard-boiled detective fiction (1894-1961)
hamming	n.	poor acting by a ham actor
hamming	v.	exaggerate one's acting
hammock	n.	a small natural hill
hammock	n.	a hanging bed of canvas or rope netting (usually suspended between two trees); swings easily
hammurabi	n.	Babylonian king who codified the laws of Sumer and Mesopotamia (died 1750 BC)
hammy	adj.	affectedly dramatic; overacted
hamper	n.	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner)
hamper	n.	a basket usually with a cover
hamper	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
hamper	v.	put at a disadvantage
hampered	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
hampered	v.	put at a disadvantage
hampshire	n.	a county of southern England on the English Channel
hampshire	n.	British breed of hornless dark-faced domestic sheep
hampton	n.	United States musician who was the first to use the vibraphone as a jazz instrument (1913-2002)
hamster	n.	short-tailed Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches
hamstring	n.	one of the tendons at the back of the knee
hamstring	v.	make ineffective or powerless
hamstring	v.	cripple by cutting the hamstring
hamstrung	v.	make ineffective or powerless
hamstrung	v.	cripple by cutting the hamstring
hamsun	n.	Norwegian writer of novels (1859-1952)
han	n.	imperial dynasty that ruled China (most of the time from 206 BC to AD 220) and expanded its boundaries and developed its bureaucracy; remembered as one of the great eras of Chinese civilization
hancock	n.	American revolutionary patriot who was president of the Continental Congress; was the first signer of the Declaration of Independence (1737-1793)
hand	n.	the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb
hand	n.	a hired laborer on a farm or ranch
hand	n.	something written by hand
hand	n.	ability
hand	n.	a position given by its location to the side of an object
hand	n.	the cards held in a card game by a given player at any given time
hand	n.	one of two sides of an issue
hand	n.	a rotating pointer on the face of a timepiece
hand	n.	a unit of length equal to 4 inches; used in measuring horses
hand	n.	a member of the crew of a ship
hand	n.	a card player in a game of bridge
hand	n.	a round of applause to signify approval
hand	n.	terminal part of the forelimb in certain vertebrates (e.g. apes or kangaroos); - Springfield (Mass.) Union
hand	n.	physical assistance
hand	v.	place into the hands or custody of
hand	v.	guide or conduct or usher somewhere
handbag	n.	a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women)
handball	n.	a small rubber ball used in playing the game of handball
handball	n.	a game played in a walled court or against a single wall by two or four players who strike a rubber ball with their hands
handbarrow	n.	a rectangular frame with handles at both ends; carried by two people
handbill	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
handbook	n.	a concise reference book providing specific information about a subject or location
handcar	n.	a small railroad car propelled by hand or by a small motor
handcart	n.	wheeled vehicle that can be pushed by a person; may have one or two or four wheels
handclasp	n.	grasping and shaking a person's hand (as to acknowledge an introduction or to agree on a contract)
handcraft	n.	a work produced by hand labor
handcraft	v.	make something by hand
handcuff	n.	shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; usually used in pairs
handcuff	v.	confine or restrain with or as if with manacles or handcuffs
handed	v.	place into the hands or custody of
handed	v.	guide or conduct or usher somewhere
handed	adj.	having or involving the use of hands
handel	n.	a prolific British baroque composer (born in Germany) remembered best for his oratorio Messiah (1685-1759)
handel	n.	the music of Handel
handful	n.	a small number or amount
handful	n.	the quantity that can be held in the hand
handgun	n.	a firearm that is held and fired with one hand
handheld	adj.	small and light enough to be operated while you hold it in your hands
handhold	n.	an appendage to hold onto
handicap	n.	the condition of being unable to perform as a consequence of physical or mental unfitness
handicap	n.	advantage given to a competitor to equalize chances of winning
handicap	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
handicap	v.	injure permanently
handicap	v.	attempt to forecast the winner (especially in a horse race) and assign odds for or against a contestant
handicap	v.	put at a disadvantage
handicapped	n.	people collectively who are crippled or otherwise physically handicapped
handicapped	v.	injure permanently
handicapped	v.	attempt to forecast the winner (especially in a horse race) and assign odds for or against a contestant
handicapped	v.	put at a disadvantage
handicapped	adj.	incapable of functioning as a consequence of injury or illness
handicapper	n.	someone who sets the betting odds based on calculations of the outcome of a contest (especially a horse race)
handicapping	v.	injure permanently
handicapping	v.	attempt to forecast the winner (especially in a horse race) and assign odds for or against a contestant
handicapping	v.	put at a disadvantage
handicraft	n.	a work produced by hand labor
handicraft	n.	a craft that requires skillful hands
handily	adv.	in a convenient manner
handily	adv.	with no difficulty
handiness	n.	skillfulness with the hands
handiness	n.	the quality of being at hand when needed
handiwork	n.	a work produced by hand labor
handkerchief	n.	a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume accessory
handle	n.	the appendage to an object that is designed to be held in order to use or move it
handle	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
handle	v.	interact in a certain way
handle	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
handle	v.	touch, lift, or hold with the hands
handle	v.	handle effectively
handle	v.	show and train
handlebar	n.	the shaped bar used to steer a bicycle
handler	n.	one who trains or exhibits animals
handler	n.	an agent who handles something or someone
handler	n.	(sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team
handmade	adj.	made by hand or a hand process
handmaid	n.	in a subordinate position
handmaid	n.	a personal maid or female attendant
handmaiden	n.	in a subordinate position
handmaiden	n.	a personal maid or female attendant
handout	n.	an announcement distributed to members of the press in order to supplement or replace an oral presentation
handout	n.	giving money or food or clothing to a needy person
handover	n.	act of relinquishing property or authority etc
handrail	n.	a railing at the side of a staircase or balcony to prevent people from falling
handsaw	n.	a saw used with one hand for cutting wood
handset	n.	telephone set with the mouthpiece and earpiece mounted on a single handle
handshake	n.	grasping and shaking a person's hand (as to acknowledge an introduction or to agree on a contract)
handsome	adj.	pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form and proportion; ; ; ; - Thackeray; - Lillian Hellman
handsome	adj.	given or giving freely
handsomeness	n.	the quality of having regular well-defined features (especially of a man)
handspring	n.	an acrobatic feat in which a person goes from a standing position to a handstand and back again
handstand	n.	the act of supporting yourself by your hands alone in an upside down position
handwork	n.	a work produced by hand labor
handwoven	adj.	made on a handloom
handwriting	n.	something written by hand
handwriting	n.	the activity of writing by hand
handwriting	v.	write by hand
handwritten	adj.	written by hand
handy	n.	United States blues musician who transcribed and published traditional blues music (1873-1958)
handy	adj.	easy to reach
handy	adj.	easy to use
handy	adj.	skillful with the hands
handyman	n.	a man skilled in various odd jobs and other small tasks
handymen	n.	a man skilled in various odd jobs and other small tasks
hang	n.	a special way of doing something
hang	n.	the way a garment hangs
hang	n.	a gymnastic exercise performed on the rings or horizontal bar or parallel bars when the gymnast's weight is supported by the arms
hang	v.	be suspended or hanging
hang	v.	cause to be hanging or suspended
hang	v.	kill by hanging
hang	v.	let drop or droop
hang	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
hang	v.	be menacing, burdensome, or oppressive
hang	v.	give heed (to)
hang	v.	be suspended or poised
hang	v.	hold on tightly or tenaciously
hang	v.	be exhibited
hang	v.	prevent from reaching a verdict, of a jury
hang	v.	decorate or furnish with something suspended
hang	v.	be placed in position as by a hinge
hang	v.	place in position as by a hinge so as to allow free movement in one direction
hang	v.	suspend (meat) in order to get a gamey taste
hangar	n.	a large structure at an airport where aircraft can be stored and maintained
hangdog	adj.	showing a sense of guilt; ; - Eric Linklater
hangdog	adj.	frightened into submission or compliance
hanger	n.	a worker who hangs something
hanger	n.	anything from which something can be hung
hanging	n.	decoration that is hung (as a tapestry) on a wall or over a window
hanging	n.	a form of capital punishment; victim is suspended by the neck from a gallows or gibbet until dead
hanging	n.	the act of suspending something (hanging it from above so it moves freely)
hanging	v.	be suspended or hanging
hanging	v.	cause to be hanging or suspended
hanging	v.	kill by hanging
hanging	v.	let drop or droop
hanging	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
hanging	v.	be menacing, burdensome, or oppressive
hanging	v.	give heed (to)
hanging	v.	be suspended or poised
hanging	v.	hold on tightly or tenaciously
hanging	v.	be exhibited
hanging	v.	prevent from reaching a verdict, of a jury
hanging	v.	decorate or furnish with something suspended
hanging	v.	be placed in position as by a hinge
hanging	v.	place in position as by a hinge so as to allow free movement in one direction
hanging	v.	suspend (meat) in order to get a gamey taste
hangman	n.	an executioner who hangs the condemned person
hangmen	n.	an executioner who hangs the condemned person
hangnail	n.	a loose narrow strip of skin near the base of a fingernail; tearing it produces a painful sore that is easily infected
hangout	n.	a frequently visited place
hangover	n.	disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs (especially alcohol)
hangover	n.	an official who remains in office after his term
hangover	n.	something that has survived from the past
hangzhou	n.	a city of eastern China on Hangzhou Bay; regarded by Marco Polo as the finest city in the world
hank	n.	a coil of rope or wool or yarn
hanker	v.	desire strongly or persistently
hankering	n.	a yearning for something or to do something
hankering	v.	desire strongly or persistently
hankie	n.	a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume accessory
hannibal	n.	general who commanded the Carthaginian army in the second Punic War; crossed the Alps and defeated the Romans but was recalled to defend Carthage and was defeated (247-182 BC)
hannibal	n.	a town in northeast Missouri on the Mississippi River; boyhood home of Mark Twain
hanoi	n.	the capital city of Vietnam; located in North Vietnam
hanover	n.	a port city in northwestern Germany; formerly a member of the Hanseatic League
hanover	n.	the English royal house that reigned from 1714 to 1901 (from George I to Victoria)
hanoverian	n.	any of the British rulers who were members of the House of Hanover
hanoverian	n.	a member (or supporter) of the house of Hanover
hanoverian	adj.	of or relating to the former English royal House of Hanover or their supporters
hans	n.	imperial dynasty that ruled China (most of the time from 206 BC to AD 220) and expanded its boundaries and developed its bureaucracy; remembered as one of the great eras of Chinese civilization
hansom	n.	a two-wheeled horse-drawn covered carriage with the driver's seat above and behind the passengers
hanukkah	n.	(Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Temple of Jerusalem in 165 BC
hanukkahs	n.	(Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Temple of Jerusalem in 165 BC
hap	n.	an accidental happening
hap	v.	come to pass
haphazard	adj.	dependent upon or characterized by chance
haphazard	adj.	marked by great carelessness
haphazard	adv.	without care; in a slapdash manner
haphazardness	n.	the quality of lacking any predictable order or plan
hapless	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
haploid	n.	(genetics) an organism or cell having only one complete set of chromosomes
haploid	adj.	of a cell or organism having a single set of chromosomes
happen	v.	come to pass
happen	v.	happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance; ;  (Santayana)
happen	v.	chance to be or do something, without intention or causation
happen	v.	come into being; become reality
happen	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
happening	n.	an event that happens
happening	v.	come to pass
happening	v.	happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance; ;  (Santayana)
happening	v.	chance to be or do something, without intention or causation
happening	v.	come into being; become reality
happening	v.	come upon, as if by accident; meet with
happenstance	n.	an event that might have been arranged although it was really accidental
happily	adv.	in a joyous manner
happily	adv.	in an unexpectedly lucky way
happiness	n.	state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy
happiness	n.	emotions experienced when in a state of well-being
happy	adj.	enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure
happy	adj.	marked by good fortune
happy	adj.	eagerly disposed to act or to be of service
happy	adj.	well expressed and to the point
hapsburg	n.	a royal German family that provided rulers for several European states and wore the crown of the Holy Roman Empire from 1440 to 1806
haptic	adj.	of or relating to or proceeding from the sense of touch
harangue	n.	a loud bombastic declamation expressed with strong emotion
harangue	v.	deliver a harangue to; address forcefully
harare	n.	the capital and largest city of Zimbabwe
harass	v.	annoy continually or chronically
harass	v.	exhaust by attacking repeatedly
harasser	n.	a persistent tormentor
harasser	n.	a persistent attacker
harassment	n.	a feeling of intense annoyance caused by being tormented
harassment	n.	the act of tormenting by continued persistent attacks and criticism
harbinger	n.	something that precedes and indicates the approach of something or someone
harbinger	v.	foreshadow or presage
harbor	n.	a sheltered port where ships can take on or discharge cargo
harbor	n.	a place of refuge and comfort and security
harbor	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
harbor	v.	secretly shelter (as of fugitives or criminals)
harbor	v.	keep in one's possession; of animals
harbor	v.	hold back a thought or feeling about
hard	adj.	not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehend or endure
hard	adj.	dispassionate
hard	adj.	resisting weight or pressure
hard	adj.	very strong or vigorous
hard	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
hard	adj.	produced without vibration of the vocal cords
hard	adj.	(of light) transmitted directly from a pointed light source
hard	adj.	(of speech sounds); produced with the back of the tongue raised toward or touching the velum
hard	adj.	given to excessive indulgence of bodily appetites especially for intoxicating liquors
hard	adj.	being distilled rather than fermented; having a high alcoholic content
hard	adj.	unfortunate or hard to bear
hard	adj.	dried out
hard	adv.	with effort or force or vigor
hard	adv.	with firmness
hard	adv.	earnestly or intently
hard	adv.	causing great damage or hardship
hard	adv.	slowly and with difficulty
hard	adv.	indulging excessively
hard	adv.	into a solid condition
hard	adv.	very near or close in space or time
hard	adv.	with pain or distress or bitterness
hard	adv.	to the full extent possible; all the way
hardback	n.	a book with cardboard or cloth or leather covers
hardback	adj.	having a hard back or cover
hardball	n.	a no-nonsense attitude in business or politics
hardball	n.	baseball as distinguished from softball
hardboard	n.	a cheap hard material made from wood chips that are pressed together and bound with synthetic resin
hardbound	adj.	having a hard back or cover
hardcore	adj.	intensely loyal
hardcore	adj.	extremely explicit
hardcover	n.	a book with cardboard or cloth or leather covers
hardcover	adj.	having a hard back or cover
harden	v.	become hard or harder
harden	v.	make hard or harder
harden	v.	harden by reheating and cooling in oil
harden	v.	make fit
harden	v.	cause to accept or become hardened to; habituate
hardened	v.	become hard or harder
hardened	v.	make hard or harder
hardened	v.	harden by reheating and cooling in oil
hardened	v.	make fit
hardened	v.	cause to accept or become hardened to; habituate
hardened	adj.	used of persons; emotionally hardened
hardened	adj.	made hard or flexible or resilient especially by heat treatment
hardened	adj.	protected against attack (especially by nuclear weapons)
hardened	adj.	made tough by habitual exposure; ; - Robert Lynd; - V.S.Pritchett
hardened	adj.	converted to solid form (as concrete)
hardheaded	adj.	unreasonably rigid in the face of argument or entreaty or attack
hardheaded	adj.	guided by practical experience and observation rather than theory
hardhearted	adj.	lacking in feeling or pity or warmth
hardhearted	adj.	devoid of feeling for others
hardheartedness	n.	an absence of concern for the welfare of others
hardihood	n.	the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger
hardiness	n.	the property of being strong and healthy in constitution
hardiness	n.	the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger
harding	n.	29th President of the United States; two of his appointees were involved in the Teapot Dome scandal (1865-1823)
hardliner	n.	a conservative who is uncompromising
hardliner	adj.	firm and uncompromising
hardness	n.	the property of being rigid and resistant to pressure; not easily scratched; measured on Mohs scale
hardness	n.	a quality of water that contains dissolved mineral salts that prevent soap from lathering
hardness	n.	devoid of passion or feeling; hardheartedness
hardness	n.	the quality of being difficult to do
hardness	n.	excessive sternness
hardscrabble	adj.	barely satisfying a lower standard
hardship	n.	a state of misfortune or affliction
hardship	n.	something hard to endure
hardship	n.	something that causes or entails suffering; - James Boswell
hardtack	n.	very hard unsalted biscuit or bread; a former ship's staple
hardtack	n.	a mountain mahogany
hardtop	n.	a car that resembles a convertible but has a fixed rigid top
hardware	n.	major items of military weaponry (as tanks or missile)
hardware	n.	instrumentalities (tools or implements) made of metal
hardware	n.	(computer science) the mechanical, magnetic, electronic, and electrical components making up a computer system
hardwood	n.	the wood of broad-leaved dicotyledonous trees (as distinguished from the wood of conifers)
hardworking	adj.	characterized by hard work and perseverance
hardy	n.	United States slapstick comedian who played the pompous and overbearing member of the Laurel and Hardy duo who made many films (1892-1957)
hardy	n.	English novelist and poet (1840-1928)
hardy	adj.	having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships
hardy	adj.	able to survive under unfavorable weather conditions
hardy	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
hare	n.	swift timid long-eared mammal larger than a rabbit having a divided upper lip and long hind legs; young born furred and with open eyes
hare	n.	flesh of any of various rabbits or hares (wild or domesticated) eaten as food
hare	v.	run quickly, like a hare
harebell	n.	sometimes placed in genus Scilla
harebell	n.	perennial of northern hemisphere with slender stems and bell-shaped blue flowers
harebrained	adj.	very foolish
harelip	n.	a congenital cleft in the middle of the upper lip
harem	n.	living quarters reserved for wives and concubines and female relatives in a Muslim household
hargreaves	n.	English inventor of the spinning jenny (1720-1778)
haricot	n.	a French variety of green bean plant bearing light-colored beans
haricot	n.	a French bean variety with light-colored seeds; usually dried
hark	v.	listen; used mostly in the imperative
harlem	n.	a district of Manhattan; now largely a Black ghetto
harlequin	n.	a clown or buffoon (after the Harlequin character in the commedia dell'arte)
harlequin	v.	variegate with spots or marks
harlot	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
harlotry	n.	offering sexual intercourse for pay
harlow	n.	United States film actress who made several films with Clark Gable (1911-1937)
harm	n.	any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc.
harm	n.	the occurrence of a change for the worse
harm	n.	the act of damaging something or someone
harm	v.	cause or do harm to
harmed	v.	cause or do harm to
harmful	adj.	causing or capable of causing harm
harmfulness	n.	destructiveness that causes harm or injury
harmfulness	n.	the quality of being noxious
harmless	adj.	not causing or capable of causing harm
harmonic	n.	a tone that is a component of a complex sound
harmonic	n.	any of a series of musical tones whose frequencies are integral multiples of the frequency of a fundamental
harmonic	adj.	of or relating to harmony as distinct from melody and rhythm; - Ralph Hill
harmonic	adj.	of or relating to harmonics
harmonic	adj.	of or relating to the branch of acoustics that studies the composition of musical sounds
harmonic	adj.	relating to vibrations that occur as a result of vibrations in a nearby body
harmonic	adj.	involving or characterized by harmony
harmonica	n.	a small rectangular free-reed instrument having a row of free reeds set back in air holes and played by blowing into the desired hole
harmonically	adv.	with respect to harmony
harmonies	n.	compatibility in opinion and action
harmonies	n.	the structure of music with respect to the composition and progression of chords
harmonies	n.	a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole
harmonies	n.	agreement of opinions
harmonies	n.	an agreeable sound property
harmonious	adj.	musically pleasing
harmonious	adj.	exhibiting equivalence or correspondence among constituents of an entity or between different entities
harmonious	adj.	suitable and fitting
harmonious	adj.	existing together in harmony
harmoniousness	n.	the property of sounding harmonious
harmoniousness	n.	compatibility in opinion and action
harmonium	n.	a free-reed instrument in which air is forced through the reeds by bellows
harmonization	n.	a piece of harmonized music
harmonization	n.	singing in harmony
harmonize	v.	go together
harmonize	v.	write a harmony for
harmonize	v.	sing or play in harmony
harmonize	v.	bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously
harmonize	v.	bring into consonance or accord
harmonize	v.	bring into consonance, harmony, or accord while making music or singing
harmonizer	n.	a musician who sings or plays in harmony
harmonizer	n.	a mediator who brings one thing into harmonious agreement with another
harmony	n.	compatibility in opinion and action
harmony	n.	the structure of music with respect to the composition and progression of chords
harmony	n.	a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole
harmony	n.	agreement of opinions
harmony	n.	an agreeable sound property
harness	n.	a support consisting of an arrangement of straps for holding something to the body (especially one supporting a person suspended from a parachute)
harness	n.	stable gear consisting of an arrangement of leather straps fitted to a draft animal so that it can be attached to and pull a cart
harness	v.	put a harness
harness	v.	exploit the power of
harness	v.	control and direct with or as if by reins
harness	v.	keep in check
harp	n.	a chordophone that has a triangular frame consisting of a sounding board and a pillar and a curved neck; the strings stretched between the neck and the soundbox are plucked with the fingers
harp	n.	a pair of curved vertical supports for a lampshade
harp	n.	a small rectangular free-reed instrument having a row of free reeds set back in air holes and played by blowing into the desired hole
harp	v.	come back to
harp	v.	play the harp
harper	n.	someone who plays the harp
harpist	n.	someone who plays the harp
harpoon	n.	a spear with a shaft and barbed point for throwing; used for catching large fish or whales; a strong line is attached to it
harpoon	v.	spear with a harpoon
harpooner	n.	someone who launches harpoons
harpsichord	n.	a clavier with strings that are plucked by plectra mounted on pivots
harpsichordist	n.	someone who plays the harpsichord
harpy	n.	a malicious woman with a fierce temper
harpy	n.	(Greek mythology) vicious winged monster; often depicted as a bird with the head of a woman
harpy	n.	any of various fruit bats of the genus Nyctimene distinguished by nostrils drawn out into diverging tubes
harpy	n.	large black-and-white crested eagle of tropical America
harridan	n.	a scolding (even vicious) old woman
harrier	n.	a persistent attacker
harrier	n.	a hound that resembles a foxhound but is smaller; used to hunt rabbits
harrier	n.	hawks that hunt over meadows and marshes and prey on small terrestrial animals
harris	n.	United States author who wrote the stories about Uncle Remus (1848-1908)
harris	n.	United States linguist (born in Ukraine) who developed mathematical linguistics and interpreted speech and writing in a social context (1909-1992)
harris	n.	United States diplomat who was instrumental in opening Japan to foreign trade (1804-1878)
harris	n.	Irish writer noted for his sexually explicit but unreliable autobiography (1856-1931)
harris	n.	British marshal of the Royal Air Force; during World War II he directed mass bombing raids against German cities that resulted in heavy civilian casualties (1892-1984)
harris	n.	publisher of the first newspaper printed in America (1673-1713)
harrisburg	n.	capital of Pennsylvania; located in southern part of state
harrison	n.	English actor on stage and in films (1908-1990)
harrison	n.	English rock star; lead guitarist of the Beatles (1943-2001)
harrison	n.	23rd President of the United States (1833-1901)
harrison	n.	9th President of the United States; caught pneumonia during his inauguration and died shortly after (1773-1841)
harrods	n.	English merchant who expanded his father's shop in London into a prestigious department store (1841-1905)
harrods	n.	English merchant who took over a shop in London that was expanded by his son into a prestigious department store (1800-1885)
harrow	n.	a cultivator that pulverizes or smooths the soil
harrow	v.	draw a harrow over (land)
harry	v.	annoy continually or chronically
harry	v.	make a pillaging or destructive raid on (a place), as in wartimes
harsh	adj.	unpleasantly stern
harsh	adj.	disagreeable to the senses
harsh	adj.	of textures that are rough to the touch or substances consisting of relatively large particles
harsh	adj.	unkind or cruel or uncivil
harsh	adj.	severe
harsh	adj.	sharply disagreeable; rigorous
harshness	n.	the roughness of a substance that causes abrasions
harshness	n.	the quality of being unpleasant (harsh or rough or grating) to the senses
harshness	n.	the quality of being cruel and causing tension or annoyance
harshness	n.	excessive sternness
hart	n.	United States playwright who collaborated with George S. Kaufman (1904-1961)
hart	n.	United States lyricist who collaborated with Richard Rodgers (1895-1943)
hart	n.	a male deer, especially an adult male red deer
harte	n.	United States writer noted for his stories about life during the California gold rush (1836-1902)
hartford	n.	the state capital of Connecticut; located in central Connecticut on the Connecticut river; a center of the insurance business
harvard	n.	a university in Massachusetts
harvard	n.	American philanthropist who left his library and half his estate to the Massachusetts college that now bears his name (1607-1638)
harvest	n.	the yield from plants in a single growing season
harvest	n.	the consequence of an effort or activity
harvest	n.	the gathering of a ripened crop
harvest	n.	the season for gathering crops
harvest	v.	gather, as of natural products
harvest	v.	remove from a culture or a living or dead body, as for the purposes of transplantation
harvested	v.	gather, as of natural products
harvested	v.	remove from a culture or a living or dead body, as for the purposes of transplantation
harvester	n.	someone who helps to gather the harvest
harvester	n.	farm machine that gathers a food crop from the fields
harvey	n.	English physician and scientist who described the circulation of the blood; he later proposed that all animals originate from an ovum produced by the female of the species (1578-1657)
hash	n.	chopped meat mixed with potatoes and browned
hash	n.	purified resinous extract of the hemp plant; used as a hallucinogen
hash	v.	chop up
hashish	n.	purified resinous extract of the hemp plant; used as a hallucinogen
hasidim	n.	a sect of Orthodox Jews that arose out of a pietistic movement originating in eastern Europe in the second half of the 18th century; a sect that follows the Mosaic law strictly
hasidim	n.	a member of a Jewish sect that observes a form of strict Orthodox Judaism
hasp	n.	a fastener for a door or lid; a hinged metal plate is fitted over a staple and is locked with a pin or padlock
hasp	v.	secure or lock with a hasp
hassle	n.	an angry disturbance
hassle	n.	disorderly fighting
hassle	v.	annoy continually or chronically
hassock	n.	thick cushion used as a seat
hassock	n.	a cushion for kneeling on (as when praying in church)
haste	n.	overly eager speed (and possible carelessness)
haste	n.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner
haste	n.	a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry
hasten	v.	act or move at high speed
hasten	v.	move fast
hasten	v.	speed up the progress of; facilitate
hasten	v.	cause to occur rapidly
hastily	adv.	in a hurried or hasty manner
hastiness	n.	overly eager speed (and possible carelessness)
hastiness	n.	hasty impulsiveness
hastings	n.	United States architect who formed and important architectural firm with John Merven Carrere (1860-1929)
hastings	n.	a town in East Sussex just to the south of the place where the battle of Hastings took place
hastings	n.	the decisive battle in which William the Conqueror (duke of Normandy) defeated the Saxons under Harold II (1066) and thus left England open for the Norman Conquest
hasty	adj.	excessively quick
hasty	adj.	done with very great haste and without due deliberation; - Shakespeare; - Arthur Geddes
hat	n.	headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim
hat	n.	an informal term for a person's role
hat	v.	put on or wear a hat
hat	v.	furnish with a hat
hatband	n.	a band around the crown of a hat just above the brim
hatbox	n.	a round piece of luggage for carrying hats
hatch	n.	the production of young from an egg
hatch	n.	shading consisting of multiple crossing lines
hatch	n.	a movable barrier covering a hatchway
hatch	v.	emerge from the eggs
hatch	v.	devise or invent
hatch	v.	inlay with narrow strips or lines of a different substance such as gold or silver, for the purpose of decorating
hatch	v.	draw, cut, or engrave lines, usually parallel, on metal, wood, or paper
hatch	v.	sit on (eggs)
hatchback	n.	a car having a hatchback door
hatchback	n.	a sloping rear car door that is lifted to open
hatched	v.	emerge from the eggs
hatched	v.	devise or invent
hatched	v.	inlay with narrow strips or lines of a different substance such as gold or silver, for the purpose of decorating
hatched	v.	draw, cut, or engrave lines, usually parallel, on metal, wood, or paper
hatched	v.	sit on (eggs)
hatched	adj.	emerged from an egg
hatched	adj.	shaded by means of fine parallel or crossed lines
hatchery	n.	a place where eggs are hatched under artificial conditions (especially fish eggs)
hatchet	n.	weapon consisting of a fighting ax; used by North American Indians
hatchet	n.	a small ax with a short handle used with one hand (usually to chop wood)
hatching	n.	the production of young from an egg
hatching	n.	shading consisting of multiple crossing lines
hatching	v.	emerge from the eggs
hatching	v.	devise or invent
hatching	v.	inlay with narrow strips or lines of a different substance such as gold or silver, for the purpose of decorating
hatching	v.	draw, cut, or engrave lines, usually parallel, on metal, wood, or paper
hatching	v.	sit on (eggs)
hatchway	n.	an entrance equipped with a hatch; especially a passageway between decks of a ship
hate	n.	the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action
hate	v.	dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards
hateful	adj.	evoking or deserving hatred; - Joseph Priestly
hateful	adj.	characterized by malice
hatefulness	n.	the quality of being hateful
hatemonger	n.	one who arouses hatred for others
hater	n.	a person who hates
hathaway	n.	wife of William Shakespeare (1556-1623)
hatpin	n.	a long sturdy pin used by women to secure a hat to their hair
hatred	n.	the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action
hatted	v.	put on or wear a hat
hatted	v.	furnish with a hat
hatted	adj.	wearing a hat or a hat of a particular kind
hatter	n.	someone who makes and sells hats
hattiesburg	n.	a town in southeast Mississippi
hatting	v.	put on or wear a hat
hatting	v.	furnish with a hat
hauberk	n.	a long (usually sleeveless) tunic of chain mail formerly worn as defensive armor
haughtily	adv.	in a haughty manner
haughtiness	n.	overbearing pride evidenced by a superior manner toward inferiors
haughty	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
haul	n.	the act of drawing or hauling something
haul	n.	the quantity that was caught
haul	v.	draw slowly or heavily
haul	v.	transport in a vehicle
haulage	n.	the act of drawing or hauling something
hauler	n.	a haulage contractor
haulier	n.	a haulage contractor
haunch	n.	the hip and buttock and upper thigh in human beings
haunch	n.	the loin and leg of a quadruped
haunt	n.	a frequently visited place
haunt	v.	follow stealthily or recur constantly and spontaneously to
haunt	v.	haunt like a ghost; pursue
haunt	v.	be a regular or frequent visitor to a certain place
haunting	v.	follow stealthily or recur constantly and spontaneously to
haunting	v.	haunt like a ghost; pursue
haunting	v.	be a regular or frequent visitor to a certain place
haunting	adj.	continually recurring to the mind; ; - Claudia Cassidy
haunting	adj.	having a deeply disquieting or disturbing effect; -Charles Lee
hausa	n.	a member of a Negroid people living chiefly in northern Nigeria
hausa	n.	the chief member of the Chadic family of Afroasiatic languages; widely used as a trading language
hauteur	n.	overbearing pride evidenced by a superior manner toward inferiors
havana	n.	the capital and largest city of Cuba; located in western Cuba; one of the oldest cities in the Americas
have	n.	a person who possesses great material wealth
have	v.	have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
have	v.	have as a feature
have	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
have	v.	have ownership or possession of
have	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
have	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
have	v.	have a personal or business relationship with someone
have	v.	organize or be responsible for
have	v.	have left
have	v.	be confronted with
have	v.	undergo
have	v.	suffer from; be ill with
have	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
have	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
have	v.	get something; come into possession of
have	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
have	v.	achieve a point or goal
have	v.	cause to be born
have	v.	have sex with; archaic use
havel	n.	Czech dramatist and statesman whose plays opposed totalitarianism and who served as president of Czechoslovakia from 1989 to 1992 and president of the Czech Republic since 1993 (born in 1936)
haven	n.	a shelter serving as a place of safety or sanctuary
haven	n.	a sheltered port where ships can take on or discharge cargo
haversack	n.	a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder
havoc	n.	violent and needless disturbance
haw	n.	a spring-flowering shrub or small tree of the genus Crataegus
haw	n.	the nictitating membrane of a horse
haw	v.	utter `haw'
hawaii	n.	a state in the United States in the central Pacific on the Hawaiian Islands
hawaii	n.	the largest and southernmost of the Hawaii islands; has several volcanic peaks
hawaiian	n.	the Oceanic languages spoken on Hawaii
hawaiian	n.	a native or resident of Hawaii
hawaiian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the state or island of Hawaii or to the people or culture or language
hawk	n.	diurnal bird of prey typically having short rounded wings and a long tail
hawk	n.	an advocate of an aggressive policy on foreign relations
hawk	n.	a square board with a handle underneath; used by masons to hold or carry mortar
hawk	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
hawk	v.	hunt with hawks
hawk	v.	clear mucus or food from one's throat
hawker	n.	someone who travels about selling his wares (as on the streets or at carnivals)
hawker	n.	a person who breeds and trains hawks and who follows the sport of falconry
hawking	n.	English theoretical physicist (born in 1942)
hawking	n.	the act of selling goods for a living
hawking	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
hawking	v.	hunt with hawks
hawking	v.	clear mucus or food from one's throat
hawkins	n.	English privateer involved in the slave trade; later helped build the fleet that in 1588 defeated the Spanish Armada (1532-1595)
hawkins	n.	United States jazz saxophonist (1904-1969)
hawkish	adj.	disposed to warfare or hard-line policies
hawkishness	n.	any political orientation favoring aggressive policies
hawks	n.	diurnal bird of prey typically having short rounded wings and a long tail
hawks	n.	an advocate of an aggressive policy on foreign relations
hawks	n.	a square board with a handle underneath; used by masons to hold or carry mortar
hawks	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
hawks	v.	hunt with hawks
hawks	v.	clear mucus or food from one's throat
hawser	n.	large heavy rope for nautical use
hawthorn	n.	a spring-flowering shrub or small tree of the genus Crataegus
hawthorne	n.	United States writer of novels and short stories mostly on moral themes (1804-1864)
hay	n.	grass mowed and cured for use as fodder
hay	v.	convert (plant material) into hay
haycock	n.	a small cone-shaped pile of hay that has been left in the field until it is dry enough to carry to the hayrick
haydn	n.	prolific Austrian composer who influenced the classical form of the symphony (1732-1809)
haydn	n.	the music of Haydn
hayek	n.	English economist (born in Austria) noted for work on the optimum allocation of resources (1899-1992)
hayes	n.	acclaimed actress of stage and screen (1900-1993)
hayes	n.	19th President of the United States; his administration removed federal troops from the South and so ended the Reconstruction Period (1822-1893)
hayes	v.	convert (plant material) into hay
hayloft	n.	a loft in a barn where hay is stored
haymaker	n.	a farm machine that treats hay to cause more rapid and even drying
haymaker	n.	a hard punch that renders the opponent unable to continue boxing
haymaking	n.	taking full advantage of an opportunity while it lasts
haymaking	n.	cutting grass and curing it to make hay
haymow	n.	a mass of hay piled up in a barn for preservation
haymow	n.	a loft in a barn where hay is stored
hayrick	n.	a stack of hay
hays	n.	United States lawyer and politician who formulated a production code that prescribed the moral content of United States films from 1930 to 1966 (1879-1954)
hays	n.	United States lawyer involved in several famous court trials (1881-1954)
hays	n.	a town in central Kansas
hays	n.	grass mowed and cured for use as fodder
hays	v.	convert (plant material) into hay
hayseed	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
haystack	n.	a stack of hay
haywire	n.	wire for tying up bales of hay
haywire	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
haywire	adj.	not functioning properly
haywood	n.	United States labor leader and militant socialist who was one of the founders of the Industrial Workers of the World (1869-1928)
hazard	n.	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
hazard	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another
hazard	n.	an obstacle on a golf course
hazard	v.	put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation
hazard	v.	put at risk
hazard	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
hazardous	adj.	involving risk or danger
haze	n.	atmospheric moisture or dust or smoke that causes reduced visibility
haze	n.	confusion characterized by lack of clarity
haze	v.	become hazy, dull, or cloudy
haze	v.	harass by imposing humiliating or painful tasks, as in military institutions
hazel	n.	Australian tree grown especially for ornament and its fine-grained wood and bearing edible nuts
hazel	n.	the fine-grained wood of a hazelnut tree (genus Corylus) and the hazel tree (Australian genus Pomaderris)
hazel	n.	any of several shrubs or small trees of the genus Corylus bearing edible nuts enclosed in a leafy husk
hazel	n.	a shade of brown that is yellowish or reddish; it is a greenish shade of brown when used to describe the color of someone's eyes
hazel	adj.	of a light brown or yellowish brown color
hazelnut	n.	any of several shrubs or small trees of the genus Corylus bearing edible nuts enclosed in a leafy husk
hazelnut	n.	nut of any of several trees of the genus Corylus
hazily	adv.	through a haze
hazily	adv.	in an indistinct way
haziness	n.	vagueness attributable to being not clearly defined
haziness	n.	cloudiness resulting from haze or mist or vapor
hazing	v.	become hazy, dull, or cloudy
hazing	v.	harass by imposing humiliating or painful tasks, as in military institutions
hazlitt	n.	English essayist and literary critic (1778-1830)
hazmat	n.	an abbreviation for `hazardous material' used on warning signs
hazy	adj.	filled or abounding with fog or mist
hazy	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
hdtv	n.	a television system that has more than the usual number of lines per frame so its pictures show more detail
he	n.	a very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; the most difficult gas to liquefy; occurs in economically extractable amounts in certain natural gases (as those found in Texas and Kansas)
he	n.	the 5th letter of the Hebrew alphabet
head	n.	the upper part of the human body or the front part of the body in animals; contains the face and brains
head	n.	a single domestic animal
head	n.	that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason
head	n.	a person who is in charge
head	n.	the front of a military formation or procession
head	n.	the pressure exerted by a fluid
head	n.	the top of something
head	n.	the source of water from which a stream arises
head	n.	(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent
head	n.	the tip of an abscess (where the pus accumulates)
head	n.	the length or height based on the size of a human or animal head
head	n.	a dense cluster of flowers or foliage
head	n.	the educator who has executive authority for a school
head	n.	an individual person
head	n.	a user of (usually soft) drugs
head	n.	a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea)
head	n.	a rounded compact mass
head	n.	the foam or froth that accumulates at the top when you pour an effervescent liquid into a container
head	n.	the part in the front or nearest the viewer
head	n.	a difficult juncture
head	n.	forward movement
head	n.	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer
head	n.	the subject matter at issue
head	n.	a line of text serving to indicate what the passage below it is about
head	n.	the rounded end of a bone that fits into a rounded cavity in another bone to form a joint
head	n.	that part of a skeletal muscle that is away from the bone that it moves
head	n.	(computer science) a tiny electromagnetic coil and metal pole used to write and read magnetic patterns on a disk
head	n.	(usually plural) the obverse side of a coin that usually bears the representation of a person's head
head	n.	the striking part of a tool
head	n.	(nautical) a toilet on board a boat or ship
head	n.	a projection out from one end; ,
head	n.	a membrane that is stretched taut over a drum
head	n.	oral stimulation of the genitals
head	v.	to go or travel towards
head	v.	be in charge of
head	v.	travel in front of; go in advance of others
head	v.	be the first or leading member of (a group) and excel
head	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
head	v.	take its rise
head	v.	be in the front of or on top of
head	v.	form a head or come or grow to a head
head	v.	remove the head of
headache	n.	something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness
headache	n.	pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractions or a reaction to drugs
headband	n.	a band worn around or over the head
headboard	n.	a vertical board or panel forming the head of a bedstead
headbutt	v.	butt with the head
headcheese	n.	sausage or jellied loaf made of chopped parts of the head meat and sometimes feet and tongue of a calf or pig
headcount	n.	number of people in a particular group
headdress	n.	clothing for the head
header	n.	a line of text serving to indicate what the passage below it is about
header	n.	horizontal beam used as a finishing piece over a door or window
header	n.	brick that is laid sideways at the top of a wall
header	n.	a framing member crossing and supporting the ends of joists, studs, or rafters so as to transfer their weight to parallel joists, studs, or rafters
header	n.	a machine that cuts the heads off grain and moves them into a wagon
header	n.	(soccer) the act of hitting the ball with your head
header	n.	a headlong jump (or fall)
headfirst	adj.	with the head foremost
headfirst	adv.	with the head foremost
headgear	n.	clothing for the head
headgear	n.	the hoist at the pithead of a mine
headgear	n.	stable gear consisting of any part of a harness that fits about the horse's head
headhunter	n.	a recruiter of personnel (especially for corporations)
headhunter	n.	a savage who cuts off and preserves the heads of enemies as trophies
heading	n.	a line of text serving to indicate what the passage below it is about
heading	n.	the direction or path along which something moves or along which it lies
heading	n.	a horizontal (or nearly horizontal) passageway in a mine
heading	v.	to go or travel towards
heading	v.	be in charge of
heading	v.	travel in front of; go in advance of others
heading	v.	be the first or leading member of (a group) and excel
heading	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
heading	v.	take its rise
heading	v.	be in the front of or on top of
heading	v.	form a head or come or grow to a head
heading	v.	remove the head of
headlamp	n.	a powerful light with reflector; attached to the front of an automobile or locomotive
headland	n.	a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea)
headless	adj.	not having a head or formed without a head
headless	adj.	not using intelligence
headlight	n.	a powerful light with reflector; attached to the front of an automobile or locomotive
headline	n.	the heading or caption of a newspaper article
headline	v.	publicize widely or highly, as if with a headline
headline	v.	provide (a newspaper page or a story) with a headline
headliner	n.	a performer who receives prominent billing
headlock	n.	a wrestling hold in which the opponent's head is locked between the crook of your elbow and the side of your body
headlong	adj.	excessively quick
headlong	adj.	with the head foremost
headlong	adv.	with the head foremost
headlong	adv.	at breakneck speed
headlong	adv.	in a hasty and foolhardy manner
headman	n.	an executioner who beheads the condemned person
headman	n.	the head of a tribe or clan
headmaster	n.	presiding officer of a school
headmen	n.	an executioner who beheads the condemned person
headmen	n.	the head of a tribe or clan
headmistress	n.	a woman headmaster
headphone	n.	electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is held over or inserted into the ear
headpiece	n.	the band that is the part of a bridle that fits around a horse's head
headpiece	n.	a protective helmet for the head
headpin	n.	the front bowling pin in the triangular arrangement of ten pins
headquarter	v.	provide with headquarters
headquarters	n.	(usually plural) the office that serves as the administrative center of an enterprise
headquarters	n.	the military installation from which a commander performs the functions of command
headquarters	n.	(plural) a military unit consisting of a commander and the headquarters staff
headquarters	v.	provide with headquarters
headrest	n.	a cushion attached to the top of the back of an automobile's seat to prevent whiplash
headrest	n.	a rest for the head
headroom	n.	vertical space available to allow easy passage under something
headroom	n.	the capacity of a system to reproduce loud sounds without distortion
headscarf	n.	a kerchief worn over the head and tied under the chin
headscarves	n.	a kerchief worn over the head and tied under the chin
headset	n.	receiver consisting of a pair of headphones
headship	n.	the position of headmaster or headmistress
headship	n.	the position of head
headsman	n.	an executioner who beheads the condemned person
headsmen	n.	an executioner who beheads the condemned person
headstall	n.	the band that is the part of a bridle that fits around a horse's head
headstand	n.	an acrobatic feat in which a person balances on the head (usually with the help of the hands)
headstone	n.	the central building block at the top of an arch or vault
headstone	n.	a stone that is used to mark a grave
headstrong	adj.	habitually disposed to disobedience and opposition
headwaiter	n.	a dining-room attendant who is in charge of the waiters and the seating of customers
headwaters	n.	the source of a river
headway	n.	vertical space available to allow easy passage under something
headway	n.	forward movement
headwind	n.	wind blowing opposite to the path of a ship or aircraft
headword	n.	a content word that can be qualified by a modifier
headword	n.	a word placed at the beginning of a line or paragraph (as in a dictionary entry)
heady	adj.	marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practical matters
heady	adj.	extremely exciting as if by alcohol or a narcotic
heady	adj.	marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences; ; -Macaulay
heal	v.	heal or recover
heal	v.	get healthy again
heal	v.	provide a cure for, make healthy again
healed	v.	heal or recover
healed	v.	get healthy again
healed	v.	provide a cure for, make healthy again
healed	adj.	freed from illness or injury; ; ; ; - Normon Cameron
healer	n.	a person skilled in a particular type of therapy
health	n.	a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease
health	n.	the general condition of body and mind
healthcare	n.	the preservation of mental and physical health by preventing or treating illness through services offered by the health profession
healthful	adj.	conducive to good health of body or mind
healthful	adj.	free from filth and pathogens
healthfulness	n.	the quality of promoting good health
healthily	adv.	in a levelheaded manner
healthiness	n.	the state of being vigorous and free from bodily or mental disease
healthy	adj.	having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease
healthy	adj.	financially secure and functioning well
healthy	adj.	promoting health; healthful; ; ; ; ; - C.B.Davis
healthy	adj.	exercising or showing good judgment
healthy	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
heap	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
heap	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
heap	n.	a car that is old and unreliable
heap	v.	bestow in large quantities
heap	v.	arrange in stacks
heap	v.	fill to overflow
hear	v.	perceive (sound) via the auditory sense
hear	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
hear	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
hear	v.	receive a communication from someone
hear	v.	listen and pay attention
heard	v.	perceive (sound) via the auditory sense
heard	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
heard	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
heard	v.	receive a communication from someone
heard	v.	listen and pay attention
heard	adj.	detected or perceived by the sense of hearing
hearer	n.	someone who listens attentively
hearing	n.	(law) a proceeding (usually by a court) where evidence is taken for the purpose of determining an issue of fact and reaching a decision based on that evidence
hearing	n.	an opportunity to state your case and be heard
hearing	n.	the range within which a voice can be heard
hearing	n.	the act of hearing attentively
hearing	n.	a session (of a committee or grand jury) in which witnesses are called and testimony is taken
hearing	n.	the ability to hear; the auditory faculty
hearing	v.	perceive (sound) via the auditory sense
hearing	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
hearing	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
hearing	v.	receive a communication from someone
hearing	v.	listen and pay attention
hearing	adj.	able to perceive sound
hearken	v.	listen; used mostly in the imperative
hearsay	n.	gossip (usually a mixture of truth and untruth) passed around by word of mouth
hearsay	adj.	heard through another rather than directly
hearse	n.	a vehicle for carrying a coffin to a church or a cemetery; formerly drawn by horses but now usually a motor vehicle
hearst	n.	United States newspaper publisher whose introduction of large headlines and sensational reporting changed American journalism (1863-1951)
heart	n.	the locus of feelings and intuitions
heart	n.	the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body
heart	n.	the courage to carry on
heart	n.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region
heart	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
heart	n.	an inclination or tendency of a certain kind
heart	n.	a plane figure with rounded sides curving inward at the top and intersecting at the bottom; conventionally used on playing cards and valentines
heart	n.	a firm rather dry variety meat (usually beef or veal)
heart	n.	a positive feeling of liking
heart	n.	a playing card in the major suit that has one or more red hearts on it
heartache	n.	intense sorrow caused by loss of a loved one (especially by death)
heartbeat	n.	the rhythmic contraction and expansion of the arteries with each beat of the heart
heartbeat	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
heartbeat	n.	an animating or vital unifying force
heartbreak	n.	intense sorrow caused by loss of a loved one (especially by death)
heartbroken	adj.	full of sorrow
heartburn	n.	a painful burning sensation in the chest caused by gastroesophageal reflux (backflow from the stomach irritating the esophagus); symptomatic of an ulcer or a diaphragmatic hernia or other disorder
hearten	v.	give encouragement to
heartfelt	adj.	earnest
hearth	n.	an open recess in a wall at the base of a chimney where a fire can be built
hearth	n.	home symbolized as a part of the fireplace
hearth	n.	an area near a fireplace (usually paved and extending out into a room)
hearthrug	n.	a rug spread out in front of a fireplace
hearths	n.	an open recess in a wall at the base of a chimney where a fire can be built
hearths	n.	home symbolized as a part of the fireplace
hearths	n.	an area near a fireplace (usually paved and extending out into a room)
hearthstone	n.	a stone that forms a hearth
heartily	adv.	with gusto and without reservation
heartily	adv.	in a hearty manner
heartiness	n.	active strength of body or mind
heartiness	n.	the quality of hearty sincerity
heartland	n.	the central region of a country or continent; especially a region that is important to a country or to a culture
heartless	adj.	lacking in feeling or pity or warmth
heartless	adj.	devoid of courage or enthusiasm
heartlessness	n.	an absence of concern for the welfare of others
heartrending	adj.	causing or marked by grief or anguish
heartsick	adj.	full of sorrow
heartsick	adj.	without or almost without hope
heartsickness	n.	feeling downcast and disheartened and hopeless
heartstrings	n.	your deepest feelings of love and compassion
heartthrob	n.	an object of infatuation
heartwarming	adj.	causing gladness and pleasure
heartwood	n.	the older inactive central wood of a tree or woody plant; usually darker and denser than the surrounding sapwood
hearty	adj.	showing warm and heartfelt friendliness
hearty	adj.	providing abundant nourishment
hearty	adj.	endowed with or exhibiting great bodily or mental health
hearty	adj.	consuming abundantly and with gusto
hearty	adj.	without reservation
heat	n.	a form of energy that is transferred by a difference in temperature
heat	n.	the presence of heat
heat	n.	the sensation caused by heat energy
heat	n.	the trait of being intensely emotional
heat	n.	applies to nonhuman mammals: a state or period of heightened sexual arousal and activity
heat	n.	a preliminary race in which the winner advances to a more important race
heat	n.	utility to warm a building
heat	v.	make hot or hotter
heat	v.	provide with heat
heat	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
heat	v.	gain heat or get hot
heated	v.	make hot or hotter
heated	v.	provide with heat
heated	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
heated	v.	gain heat or get hot
heated	adj.	made warm or hot (`het' is a dialectal variant of `heated')
heated	adj.	marked by emotional heat; vehement
heatedly	adv.	in a heated manner
heater	n.	device that heats water or supplies warmth to a room
heater	n.	(baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity
heath	n.	a low evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae; has small bell-shaped pink or purple flowers
heath	n.	a tract of level wasteland; uncultivated land with sandy soil and scrubby vegetation
heathen	n.	a person who does not acknowledge your god
heathen	adj.	not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam
heathenish	adj.	not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam
heathenism	n.	any of various religions other than Christianity or Judaism or Islamism
heather	n.	common Old World heath represented by many varieties; low evergreen grown widely in the northern hemisphere
heather	n.	interwoven yarns of mixed colors producing muted greyish shades with flecks of color
heaths	n.	a low evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae; has small bell-shaped pink or purple flowers
heaths	n.	a tract of level wasteland; uncultivated land with sandy soil and scrubby vegetation
heating	n.	the process of becoming warmer; a rising temperature
heating	n.	utility to warm a building
heating	v.	make hot or hotter
heating	v.	provide with heat
heating	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
heating	v.	gain heat or get hot
heatstroke	n.	collapse caused by exposure to excessive heat
heave	n.	an upward movement (especially a rhythmical rising and falling)
heave	n.	(geology) a horizontal dislocation
heave	n.	the act of lifting something with great effort
heave	n.	an involuntary spasm of ineffectual vomiting
heave	n.	the act of raising something
heave	n.	throwing something heavy (with great effort)
heave	v.	utter a sound, as with obvious effort
heave	v.	throw with great effort
heave	v.	rise and move, as in waves or billows
heave	v.	lift or elevate
heave	v.	move or cause to move in a specified way, direction, or position
heave	v.	breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted
heave	v.	bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat
heave	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
heaven	n.	any place of complete bliss and delight and peace
heaven	n.	the abode of God and the angels
heavenly	adj.	relating to or inhabiting a divine heaven
heavenly	adj.	of or relating to the sky
heavenly	adj.	of or belonging to heaven or god
heavens	n.	the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
heavens	n.	any place of complete bliss and delight and peace
heavens	n.	the abode of God and the angels
heavenward	adj.	directed toward heaven or the sky
heavenward	adv.	toward heaven
heaver	n.	a bar used as a lever (as in twisting rope)
heaver	n.	a workman who heaves freight or bulk goods (especially at a dockyard)
heavily	adv.	to a considerable degree
heavily	adv.	in a heavy-footed manner
heavily	adv.	with great force
heavily	adv.	in a manner designed for heavy duty
heavily	adv.	slowly as if burdened by much weight
heavily	adv.	in a labored manner
heavily	adv.	indulging excessively
heaviness	n.	the property of being comparatively great in weight
heaviness	n.	persisting sadness
heaviness	n.	an oppressive quality that is laborious and solemn and lacks grace or fluency
heaviness	n.	used of a line or mark
heaviness	n.	unwelcome burdensome difficulty
heaviside	n.	English physicist and electrical engineer who helped develop telegraphic and telephonic communications; in 1902 (independent of A. E. Kennelly) he suggested the existence of an atmospheric layer that reflects radio waves back to earth (1850-1925)
heavy	n.	an actor who plays villainous roles
heavy	n.	a serious (or tragic) role in a play
heavy	adj.	of comparatively great physical weight or density
heavy	adj.	unusually great in degree or quantity or number
heavy	adj.	of the military or industry; using (or being) the heaviest and most powerful armaments or weapons or equipment
heavy	adj.	marked by great psychological weight; weighted down especially with sadness or troubles or weariness
heavy	adj.	usually describes a large person who is fat but has a large frame to carry it
heavy	adj.	(used of soil) compact and fine-grained
heavy	adj.	darkened by clouds
heavy	adj.	of great intensity or power or force
heavy	adj.	(physics, chemistry) being or containing an isotope with greater than average atomic mass or weight
heavy	adj.	(of an actor or role) being or playing the villain
heavy	adj.	permitting little if any light to pass through because of denseness of matter
heavy	adj.	of relatively large extent and density
heavy	adj.	made of fabric having considerable thickness
heavy	adj.	prodigious
heavy	adj.	full and loud and deep
heavy	adj.	given to excessive indulgence of bodily appetites especially for intoxicating liquors
heavy	adj.	of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought
heavy	adj.	slow and laborious because of weight
heavy	adj.	large and powerful; especially designed for heavy loads or rough work
heavy	adj.	dense or inadequately leavened and hence likely to cause distress in the alimentary canal
heavy	adj.	sharply inclined
heavy	adj.	full of; bearing great weight
heavy	adj.	requiring or showing effort
heavy	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
heavy	adj.	lacking lightness or liveliness
heavy	adj.	(of sleep) deep and complete
heavy	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
heavy	adv.	slowly as if burdened by much weight
heavyhearted	adj.	depressed
heavyset	adj.	having a short and solid form or stature
heavyweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 201 pounds
heavyweight	n.	a wrestler who weighs more than 214 pounds
heavyweight	n.	a professional boxer who weighs more than 190 pounds
heavyweight	n.	a very large person; impressive in size or qualities
heavyweight	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
hebe	n.	(Greek mythology) the goddess of youth and spring; wife of Hercules; daughter of Zeus and Hera; cupbearer to the Olympian gods
hebei	n.	a populous province in northeastern China
hebraic	adj.	of or relating to the language of the Hebrews
hebraic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Hebrews
hebraism	n.	Jews collectively who practice a religion based on the Torah and the Talmud
hebrew	n.	the ancient Canaanitic language of the Hebrews that has been revived as the official language of Israel
hebrew	n.	a person belonging to the worldwide group claiming descent from Jacob (or converted to it) and connected by cultural or religious ties
hebrew	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Hebrews
hebrew	adj.	of or relating to the language of the Hebrews
hebrews	n.	the ethnic group claiming descent from Abraham and Isaac (especially from Isaac's son Jacob); the nation whom God chose to receive his revelation and with whom God chose to make a covenant (Exodus 19)
hebrews	n.	a New Testament book traditionally included among the epistle of Saint Paul but now generally considered not to have been written by him
hebrews	n.	the ancient Canaanitic language of the Hebrews that has been revived as the official language of Israel
hebrews	n.	a person belonging to the worldwide group claiming descent from Jacob (or converted to it) and connected by cultural or religious ties
hebrides	n.	a group of more than 500 islands off the western coast of Scotland
hecate	n.	(Greek mythology) Greek goddess of fertility who later became associated with Persephone as goddess of the underworld and protector of witches
heckle	n.	a comb for separating flax fibers
heckle	v.	comb with a heckle
heckle	v.	challenge aggressively
heckler	n.	someone who tries to embarrass you with gibes and questions and objections
heckling	n.	shouting to interrupt a speech with which you disagree
heckling	v.	comb with a heckle
heckling	v.	challenge aggressively
hectare	n.	(abbreviated `ha') a unit of surface area equal to 100 ares (or 10,000 square meters)
hectic	adj.	marked by intense agitation or emotion
hectically	adv.	in a frenzied manner
hectogram	n.	100 grams
hectometer	n.	a metric unit of length equal to 100 meters
hector	n.	(Greek mythology) a mythical Trojan who was killed by Achilles during the Trojan War
hector	v.	be bossy towards
hedge	n.	a fence formed by a row of closely planted shrubs or bushes
hedge	n.	any technique designed to reduce or eliminate financial risk; for example, taking two positions that will offset each other if prices change
hedge	n.	an intentionally noncommittal or ambiguous statement
hedge	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
hedge	v.	hinder or restrict with or as if with a hedge
hedge	v.	enclose or bound in with or as it with a hedge or hedges
hedge	v.	minimize loss or risk
hedgehog	n.	relatively large rodents with sharp erectile bristles mingled with the fur
hedgehog	n.	small nocturnal Old World mammal covered with both hair and protective spines
hedgehop	v.	fly very close to the ground
hedgehopped	v.	fly very close to the ground
hedgehopping	v.	fly very close to the ground
hedger	n.	a respondent who avoids giving a clear direct answer
hedger	n.	someone who counterbalances one transaction (as a bet) against another in order to protect against loss
hedger	n.	a gardener who takes care of and trims hedges
hedgerow	n.	a fence formed by a row of closely planted shrubs or bushes
hedonism	n.	the pursuit of pleasure as a matter of ethical principle
hedonism	n.	an ethical system that evaluates the pursuit of pleasure as the highest good
hedonist	n.	someone motivated by desires for sensual pleasures
hedonistic	adj.	devoted to pleasure
heed	n.	paying particular notice (as to children or helpless people)
heed	v.	pay close attention to; give heed to
heeded	v.	pay close attention to; give heed to
heedful	adj.	taking heed; giving close and thoughtful attention
heedful	adj.	cautiously attentive
heedful	adj.	giving attention
heedless	adj.	marked by or paying little heed or attention; --Franklin D. Roosevelt
heedless	adj.	characterized by careless unconcern; - Edith Wharton
heedlessness	n.	a lack of attentiveness (as to children or helpless people)
heedlessness	n.	the trait of acting rashly and without prudence
heedlessness	n.	the trait of forgetting or ignoring your responsibilities
heel	n.	the bottom of a shoe or boot; the back part of a shoe or boot that touches the ground and provides elevation
heel	n.	the back part of the human foot
heel	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
heel	n.	one of the crusty ends of a loaf of bread
heel	n.	the lower end of a ship's mast
heel	n.	(golf) the part of the clubhead where it joins the shaft
heel	v.	tilt to one side
heel	v.	follow at the heels of a person
heel	v.	perform with the heels
heel	v.	strike with the heel of the club
heel	v.	put a new heel on
heft	n.	the property of being large in mass
heft	v.	lift or elevate
heft	v.	test the weight of something by lifting it
heftiness	n.	possessing muscular strength
heftiness	n.	the property of being large in mass
hefty	adj.	(of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful
hefty	adj.	of considerable weight and size
hefty	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
hegel	n.	German philosopher whose three stage process of dialectical reasoning was adopted by Karl Marx (1770-1831)
hegelian	n.	a follower of the thought of Hegel
hegelian	adj.	of or relating to Hegel or his dialectic philosophy
hegemony	n.	the dominance or leadership of one social group or nation over others
hegira	n.	the flight of Muhammad from Mecca to Medina in 622 which marked the beginning of the Muslim era; the Muslim calendar begins in that year
hegira	n.	a journey by a large group to escape from a hostile environment
heidegger	n.	German philosopher whose views on human existence in a world of objects and on Angst influenced the existential philosophers (1889-1976)
heifer	n.	young cow
height	n.	the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to the top
height	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
height	n.	(of a standing person) the distance from head to foot
height	n.	elevation especially above sea level or above the earth's surface
heighten	v.	become more extreme
heighten	v.	make more extreme; raise in quantity, degree, or intensity
heighten	v.	increase
heighten	v.	increase the height of
heighten	v.	make (one's senses) more acute
heighten	v.	make more intense, stronger, or more marked; ,
heinlein	n.	United States writer of science fiction (1907-1988)
heinous	adj.	extremely wicked, deeply criminal
heinousness	n.	the quality of being shockingly cruel and inhumane
heinz	n.	United States industrialist who manufactured and sold processed foods (1844-1919)
heir	n.	a person who is entitled by law or by the terms of a will to inherit the estate of another
heir	n.	a person who inherits some title or office
heiress	n.	a female heir
heirloom	n.	(law) any property that is considered by law or custom as inseparable from an inheritance is inherited with that inheritance
heirloom	n.	something that has been in a family for generations
heisenberg	n.	German mathematical physicist noted for stating the uncertainty principle (1901-1976)
heist	n.	the act of stealing
heist	n.	robbery at gunpoint
heist	v.	commit a burglary; enter and rob a dwelling
held	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
held	v.	have or hold in one's hands or grip
held	v.	organize or be responsible for
held	v.	have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
held	v.	keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view
held	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
held	v.	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement
held	v.	secure and keep for possible future use or application
held	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
held	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
held	v.	contain or hold; have within
held	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
held	v.	remain in a certain state, position, or condition
held	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
held	v.	be valid, applicable, or true
held	v.	assert or affirm
held	v.	have as a major characteristic
held	v.	be capable of holding or containing
held	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
held	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
held	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
held	v.	hold the attention of
held	v.	remain committed to
held	v.	resist or confront with resistance
held	v.	be pertinent or relevant or applicable
held	v.	stop dealing with
held	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
held	v.	keep from departing
held	v.	take and maintain control over, often by violent means
held	v.	cause to stop
held	v.	cover as for protection against noise or smell
held	v.	drink alcohol without showing ill effects
held	v.	aim, point, or direct
held	v.	declare to be
held	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
held	v.	keep from exhaling or expelling
held	adj.	occupied or in the control of; often used in combination
helen	n.	(Greek mythology) the beautiful daughter of Zeus and Leda who was abducted by Paris; the Greek army sailed to Troy to get her back which resulted in the Trojan War
helena	n.	capital of the state of Montana; located in western Montana
helical	adj.	in the shape of a coil
helices	n.	a curve that lies on the surface of a cylinder or cone and cuts the element at a constant angle
helices	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
helices	n.	type genus of the family Helicidae
helicon	n.	a tuba that coils over the shoulder of the musician
helicopter	n.	an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades
heliocentric	adj.	having the sun as the center
helios	n.	(Greek mythology) ancient god of the sun; drove his chariot across the sky each day; identified with Roman Sol
heliotrope	n.	green chalcedony with red spots that resemble blood
heliport	n.	an airport for helicopters
helium	n.	a very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; the most difficult gas to liquefy; occurs in economically extractable amounts in certain natural gases (as those found in Texas and Kansas)
helix	n.	a curve that lies on the surface of a cylinder or cone and cuts the element at a constant angle
helix	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
helix	n.	type genus of the family Helicidae
hell	n.	any place of pain and turmoil
hell	n.	a cause of difficulty and suffering
hell	n.	(Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment; - John Milton; ; -Dr. Johnson
hell	n.	(religion) the world of the dead; -Theognis
hell	n.	violent and excited activity
hell	n.	noisy and unrestrained mischief
hellcat	n.	a malicious woman with a fierce temper
hellebore	n.	perennial herbs of the lily family having thick toxic rhizomes
hellebore	n.	any plant of the Eurasian genus Helleborus
hellene	n.	a native or inhabitant of Greece
hellenic	n.	the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages
hellenic	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the ancient Greek and Roman cultures; ; "classical
hellenic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the classical Greek civilization
hellenic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Greece or the Greeks or the Greek language
hellenism	n.	the principles and ideals associated with classical Greek civilization
hellenistic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the classical Greek civilization
heller	n.	100 halers equal 1 koruna Slovakia
heller	n.	100 halers equal 1 koruna in Czech Republic
heller	n.	United States novelist whose best known work was a black comedy inspired by his experiences in the Air Force during World War II (1923-1999)
heller	n.	a rowdy or mischievous person (usually a young man)
hellespont	n.	the strait between the Aegean and the Sea of Marmara that separates European Turkey from Asian Turkey
hellfire	n.	a place of eternal fire envisaged as punishment for the damned
hellhole	n.	any place of pain and turmoil
hellion	n.	a rowdy or mischievous person (usually a young man)
hellish	adj.	very unpleasant
hellish	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
hellman	n.	United States playwright; her plays were often indictments of injustice (1905-1984)
hello	n.	an expression of greeting
helm	n.	steering mechanism for a vessel; a mechanical device by which a vessel is steered
helm	n.	a position of leadership
helm	v.	be at or take the helm of
helmet	n.	armor plate that protects the head
helmet	n.	a protective headgear made of hard material to resist blows
helmholtz	n.	German physiologist and physicist (1821-1894)
helmsman	n.	the person who steers a ship
helmsmen	n.	the person who steers a ship
heloise	n.	student and mistress and wife of Abelard (circa 1098-1164)
helot	n.	(Middle Ages) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord
help	n.	the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
help	n.	a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
help	n.	a resource
help	n.	a means of serving
help	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
help	v.	improve the condition of
help	v.	be of use
help	v.	abstain from doing; always used with a negative
help	v.	help to some food; help with food or drink
help	v.	contribute to the furtherance of
help	v.	take or use
help	v.	improve; change for the better
helper	n.	a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
helper	n.	a person who helps people or institutions (especially with financial help)
helpful	adj.	providing assistance or serving a useful function
helpfulness	n.	the property of providing useful assistance
helpfulness	n.	friendliness evidence by a kindly and helpful disposition
helping	n.	an individual quantity of food or drink taken as part of a meal
helping	v.	give help or assistance; be of service
helping	v.	improve the condition of
helping	v.	be of use
helping	v.	abstain from doing; always used with a negative
helping	v.	help to some food; help with food or drink
helping	v.	contribute to the furtherance of
helping	v.	take or use
helping	v.	improve; change for the better
helpless	adj.	lacking in or deprived of strength or power
helpless	adj.	unable to function; without help
helpless	adj.	unable to manage independently
helplessness	n.	powerlessness revealed by an inability to act
helplessness	n.	the state of needing help from something
helplessness	n.	a feeling of being unable to manage
helpmate	n.	a helpful partner
helsinki	n.	the capital and largest city of Finland; located in southern Finland; a major port and commercial and cultural center
helve	n.	the handle of a weapon or tool
hem	n.	the edge of a piece of cloth; especially the finished edge that has been doubled under and stitched down
hem	n.	the utterance of a sound similar to clearing the throat; intended to get attention, express hesitancy, fill a pause, hide embarrassment, warn a friend, etc.
hem	v.	fold over and sew together to provide with a hem
hem	v.	utter `hem' or `ahem'
hematite	n.	the principal form of iron ore; consists of ferric oxide in crystalline form; occurs in a red earthy form
hematologic	adj.	of or relating to or involved in hematology
hematological	adj.	of or relating to or involved in hematology
hematologist	n.	a doctor who specializes in diseases of the blood and blood-forming organs
hematology	n.	the branch of medicine that deals with diseases of the blood and blood-forming organs
heme	n.	a complex red organic pigment containing iron and other atoms to which oxygen binds
hemingway	n.	an American writer of fiction who won the Nobel prize for literature in 1954 (1899-1961)
hemiplegia	n.	paralysis of one side of the body
hemisphere	n.	half of the terrestrial globe
hemisphere	n.	half of a sphere
hemisphere	n.	either half of the cerebrum
hemispheric	adj.	of or relating to the cerebral hemispheres
hemispherical	adj.	of or relating to or being a hemisphere
hemline	n.	the line formed by the lower edge of a skirt or coat
hemlock	n.	poisonous drug derived from an Eurasian plant of the genus Conium
hemlock	n.	large branching biennial herb native to Eurasia and Africa and adventive in North America having large fernlike leaves and white flowers; usually found in damp habitats; all parts extremely poisonous
hemlock	n.	soft coarse splintery wood of a hemlock tree especially the western hemlock
hemlock	n.	an evergreen tree
hemmed	v.	fold over and sew together to provide with a hem
hemmed	v.	utter `hem' or `ahem'
hemming	v.	fold over and sew together to provide with a hem
hemming	v.	utter `hem' or `ahem'
hemoglobin	n.	a hemoprotein composed of globin and heme that gives red blood cells their characteristic color; function primarily to transport oxygen from the lungs to the body tissues
hemophilia	n.	congenital tendency to uncontrolled bleeding; usually affects males and is transmitted from mother to son
hemophiliac	n.	someone who has hemophilia and is subject to uncontrollable bleeding
hemorrhage	n.	the flow of blood from a ruptured blood vessel
hemorrhage	v.	lose blood from one's body
hemorrhagic	adj.	of or relating to a hemorrhage
hemorrhoid	n.	pain caused by venous swelling at or inside the anal sphincter
hemostat	n.	a surgical instrument that stops bleeding by clamping the blood vessel
hemp	n.	a plant fiber
hemp	n.	any plant of the genus Cannabis; a coarse bushy annual with palmate leaves and clusters of small green flowers; yields tough fibers and narcotic drugs
hemp	n.	a rope that is used by a hangman to execute persons who have been condemned to death by hanging
hemstitch	n.	a stitch in which parallel threads are drawn and exposed threads are caught together in groups
hemstitch	n.	embroidery similar to drawnwork
hemstitch	v.	sew with hemstitches
hen	n.	adult female chicken
hen	n.	adult female bird
hen	n.	flesh of an older chicken suitable for stewing
hen	n.	female of certain aquatic animals e.g. octopus or lobster
hence	adv.	(used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
hence	adv.	from this place
hence	adv.	from this time
henceforth	adv.	from this time forth; from now on
henceforward	adv.	from this time forth; from now on
henchman	n.	someone who assists in a plot
henchmen	n.	someone who assists in a plot
hendrix	n.	United States guitarist whose innovative style with electric guitars influenced the development of rock music (1942-1970)
henna	n.	a reddish brown dye used especially on hair
henna	v.	apply henna to one's hair
henry	n.	a unit of inductance in which an induced electromotive force of one volt is produced when the current is varied at the rate of one ampere per second
henry	n.	English chemist who studied the quantities of gas absorbed by water at different temperatures and under different pressures (1775-1836)
henry	n.	a leader of the American Revolution and a famous orator who spoke out against British rule of the American colonies (1736-1799)
henry	n.	United States physicist who studied electromagnetic phenomena (1791-1878)
henson	n.	United States puppeteer who created a troupe of puppet characters (1936-1990)
hep	adj.	informed about the latest trends
heparin	n.	a polysaccharide produced in basophils (especially in the lung and liver) and that inhibits the activity of thrombin in coagulation of the blood; it (trade names Lipo-Hepin and Liquaemin) is used as an anticoagulant in the treatment of thrombosis and in heart surgery
hepatic	n.	any of numerous small green nonvascular plants of the class Hepaticopsida growing in wet places and resembling green seaweeds or leafy mosses
hepatic	adj.	pertaining to or affecting the liver
hepatitis	n.	inflammation of the liver caused by a virus or a toxin
hepburn	n.	United States film actress who appeared in many films with Spencer Tracy (1907-2003)
hephaestus	n.	(Greek mythology) the lame god of fire and metalworking in ancient mythology; identified with Roman Vulcan
hepper	adj.	informed about the latest trends
heppest	adj.	informed about the latest trends
heptagon	n.	a seven-sided polygon
hera	n.	queen of the Olympian gods in ancient Greek mythology; sister and wife of Zeus remembered for her jealously of the many mortal women Zeus fell in love with; identified with Roman Juno
heracles	n.	(classical mythology) a hero noted for his strength; performed 12 immense labors to gain immortality
heraclitus	n.	a presocratic Greek philosopher who said that fire is the origin of all things and that permanence is an illusion as all things are in perpetual flux (circa 500 BC)
herakles	n.	(classical mythology) a hero noted for his strength; performed 12 immense labors to gain immortality
herald	n.	(formal) a person who announces important news
herald	n.	something that precedes and indicates the approach of something or someone
herald	v.	foreshadow or presage
herald	v.	praise vociferously
herald	v.	greet enthusiastically or joyfully
heralded	v.	foreshadow or presage
heralded	v.	praise vociferously
heralded	v.	greet enthusiastically or joyfully
heralded	adj.	publicly announced
heraldic	adj.	indicative of or announcing something to come
heraldic	adj.	of or relating to heraldry
heraldry	n.	the study and classification of armorial bearings and the tracing of genealogies
heraldry	n.	emblem indicating the right of a person to bear arms
herb	n.	a plant lacking a permanent woody stem; many are flowering garden plants or potherbs; some having medicinal properties; some are pests
herb	n.	aromatic potherb used in cookery for its savory qualities
herbaceous	adj.	characteristic of a nonwoody herb or plant part
herbage	n.	succulent herbaceous vegetation of pasture land
herbal	n.	tea-like drink made of leaves of various herbs
herbal	adj.	of or relating to herbs
herbalist	n.	a therapist who heals by the use of herbs
herbart	n.	German philosopher (1776-1841)
herbert	n.	United States musician and composer and conductor noted for his comic operas (1859-1924)
herbicide	n.	a chemical agent that destroys plants or inhibits their growth
herbivore	n.	any animal that feeds chiefly on grass and other plants
herbivorous	adj.	feeding only on plants
herculaneum	n.	ancient city; now destroyed
herculean	adj.	displaying superhuman strength or power
herculean	adj.	extremely difficult; requiring the strength of a Hercules
hercules	n.	(classical mythology) a hero noted for his strength; performed 12 immense labors to gain immortality
hercules	n.	a large constellation in the northern hemisphere between Lyra and Corona Borealis
herd	n.	a group of cattle or sheep or other domestic mammals all of the same kind that are herded by humans
herd	n.	a group of wild mammals of one species that remain together: antelope or elephants or seals or whales or zebra
herd	n.	a crowd especially of ordinary or undistinguished persons or things
herd	v.	cause to herd, drive, or crowd together
herd	v.	move together, like a herd
herd	v.	keep, move, or drive animals
herder	n.	German philosopher who advocated intuition over reason (1744-1803)
herder	n.	someone who drives a herd
herdsman	n.	someone who drives a herd
herdsmen	n.	someone who drives a herd
here	n.	the present location; this place
here	n.	queen of the Olympian gods in ancient Greek mythology; sister and wife of Zeus remembered for her jealously of the many mortal women Zeus fell in love with; identified with Roman Juno
here	adj.	being here now
here	adv.	in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is
here	adv.	in this circumstance or respect or on this point or detail
here	adv.	to this place (especially toward the speaker)
here	adv.	at this time; now
hereabout	adv.	in this general vicinity
hereafter	n.	life after death
hereafter	n.	the time yet to come
hereafter	adv.	in a subsequent part of this document or statement or matter etc.
hereafter	adv.	in a future life or state
hereafter	adv.	following this in time or order or place; after this
hereby	adv.	(formal) by means of this
hereditary	adj.	occurring among members of a family usually by heredity
hereditary	adj.	inherited or inheritable by established rules (usually legal rules) of descent
heredity	n.	the biological process whereby genetic factors are transmitted from one generation to the next
heredity	n.	the total of inherited attributes
hereford	n.	hardy English breed of dairy cattle raised extensively in United States
herein	adv.	in this place or thing or document
hereinafter	adv.	in a subsequent part of this document or statement or matter etc.
hereof	adv.	of or concerning this
herero	n.	a member of a pastoral Bantu people living in Namibia, Botswana, and Angola
herero	n.	a Banto language spoken by the Herero in Namibia, Botswana, and Angola
heresy	n.	any opinions or doctrines at variance with the official or orthodox position
heresy	n.	a belief that rejects the orthodox tenets of a religion
heretic	n.	a person who holds religious beliefs in conflict with the dogma of the Roman Catholic Church
heretic	n.	a person who holds unorthodox opinions in any field (not merely religion)
heretical	adj.	characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards
hereto	adv.	to this writing or document
heretofore	adv.	used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up to this point or up to the present time
hereunder	adv.	in a subsequent part of this document or statement or matter etc.
hereunder	adv.	under the terms of this agreement
hereupon	adv.	immediately after this
herewith	adv.	(formal) by means of this
heritable	adj.	capable of being inherited
heritage	n.	practices that are handed down from the past by tradition
heritage	n.	any attribute or immaterial possession that is inherited from ancestors
heritage	n.	that which is inherited; a title or property or estate that passes by law to the heir on the death of the owner
heritage	n.	hereditary succession to a title or an office or property
herman	n.	United States jazz musician and bandleader (1913-1987)
hermaphrodite	n.	one having both male and female sexual characteristics and organs; at birth an unambiguous assignment of male or female cannot be made
hermaphrodite	adj.	of animal or plant; having both male female reproductive organs
hermaphroditic	adj.	of or relating to monoclinous plants
hermaphroditic	adj.	of animal or plant; having both male female reproductive organs
hermaphroditus	n.	(Greek mythology) son of Hermes and Aphrodite who merged with the nymph Salmacis to form one body
hermes	n.	(Greek mythology) messenger and herald of the gods; god of commerce and cunning and invention and theft; identified with Roman Mercury
hermetic	adj.	completely sealed; completely airtight
hermit	n.	one retired from society for religious reasons
hermit	n.	one who lives in solitude
hermitage	n.	the abode of a hermit
hermosillo	n.	a city in northwestern Mexico near the Gulf of California
hernia	n.	rupture in smooth muscle tissue through which a bodily structure protrudes
herniation	n.	rupture in smooth muscle tissue through which a bodily structure protrudes
hero	n.	a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength
hero	n.	the principal character in a play or movie or novel or poem
hero	n.	someone who fights for a cause
hero	n.	Greek mathematician and inventor who devised a way to determine the area of a triangle and who described various mechanical devices (first century)
hero	n.	(classical mythology) a being of great strength and courage celebrated for bold exploits; often the offspring of a mortal and a god
hero	n.	(Greek mythology) priestess of Aphrodite who killed herself when her lover Leander drowned while trying to swim the Hellespont to see her
hero	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
herod	n.	king of Judea who (according to the New Testament) tried to kill Jesus by ordering the death of all children under age two in Bethlehem (73-4 BC)
herodotus	n.	the ancient Greek known as the father of history; his accounts of the wars between the Greeks and Persians are the first known examples of historical writing (485-425 BC)
heroes	n.	a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength
heroes	n.	the principal character in a play or movie or novel or poem
heroes	n.	someone who fights for a cause
heroes	n.	Greek mathematician and inventor who devised a way to determine the area of a triangle and who described various mechanical devices (first century)
heroes	n.	(classical mythology) a being of great strength and courage celebrated for bold exploits; often the offspring of a mortal and a god
heroes	n.	(Greek mythology) priestess of Aphrodite who killed herself when her lover Leander drowned while trying to swim the Hellespont to see her
heroes	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
heroic	n.	a verse form suited to the treatment of heroic or elevated themes; dactylic hexameter or iambic pentameter
heroic	adj.	very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or scale)
heroic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of heroes of antiquity
heroic	adj.	having or displaying qualities appropriate for heroes
heroic	adj.	of behavior that is impressive and ambitious in scale or scope
heroic	adj.	showing extreme courage; especially of actions courageously undertaken in desperation as a last resort; ; - G.C.Marshall
heroically	adv.	in a heroic manner
heroics	n.	ostentatious or vainglorious or extravagant or melodramatic conduct
heroics	n.	a verse form suited to the treatment of heroic or elevated themes; dactylic hexameter or iambic pentameter
heroin	n.	a narcotic that is considered a hard drug; a highly addictive morphine derivative; intravenous injection provides the fastest and most intense rush
heroine	n.	the main good female character in a work of fiction
heroine	n.	a woman possessing heroic qualities or a woman who has performed heroic deeds
heroism	n.	the qualities of a hero or heroine; exceptional or heroic courage when facing danger (especially in battle)
heron	n.	Greek mathematician and inventor who devised a way to determine the area of a triangle and who described various mechanical devices (first century)
heron	n.	grey or white wading bird with long neck and long legs and (usually) long bill
herpes	n.	viral diseases causing eruptions of the skin or mucous membrane
herpes	n.	any of the animal viruses that cause painful blisters on the skin
herpetologist	n.	a zoologist who studies reptiles and amphibians
herpetology	n.	the branch of zoology concerned with reptiles and amphibians
herr	n.	a German man; used before the name as a title equivalent to Mr in English
herr	n.	a German courtesy title or form of address for a man
herrick	n.	English lyric poet (1591-1674)
herring	n.	valuable flesh of fatty fish from shallow waters of northern Atlantic or Pacific; usually salted or pickled
herring	n.	commercially important food fish of northern waters of both Atlantic and Pacific
herringbone	n.	a twilled fabric with a herringbone pattern
herringbone	n.	a pattern of columns of short parallel lines with all the lines in one column sloping one way and lines in adjacent columns sloping the other way; it is used in weaving, masonry, parquetry, embroidery
herschel	n.	English astronomer (son of William Herschel) who extended the catalogue of stars to the southern hemisphere and did pioneering work in photography (1792-1871)
herschel	n.	English astronomer (born in Germany) who discovered infrared light and who catalogued the stars and discovered the planet Uranus (1738-1822)
hershey	n.	United States confectioner and philanthropist who created the model industrial town of Hershey, Pennsylvania; founded an industrial school for orphan boys (1857-1945)
hershey	n.	an industrial town to the east of Harrisburg
hertz	n.	the unit of frequency; one hertz has a periodic interval of one second
hertz	n.	German physicist who was the first to produce electromagnetic waves artificially (1857-1894)
hertz	n.	German physicist who with James Franck proved the existence of the stationary energy states postulated by Bohr (1887-1975)
heshvan	n.	the second month of the civil year; the eighth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in October and November)
hesiod	n.	Greek poet whose existing works describe rural life and the genealogies of the gods and the beginning of the world (eighth century BC)
hesitance	n.	a feeling of diffidence and indecision about doing something
hesitancy	n.	a feeling of diffidence and indecision about doing something
hesitancy	n.	a certain degree of unwillingness
hesitant	adj.	lacking decisiveness of character; unable to act or decide quickly or firmly
hesitate	v.	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
hesitate	v.	interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing
hesitating	v.	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
hesitating	v.	interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing
hesitating	adj.	lacking decisiveness of character; unable to act or decide quickly or firmly
hesitation	n.	indecision in speech or action
hesitation	n.	a certain degree of unwillingness
hesitation	n.	the act of pausing uncertainly
hesperus	n.	a planet (usually Venus) seen at sunset in the western sky
hess	n.	English pianist (1890-1965)
hess	n.	Swiss physiologist noted for studies of the brain (1881-1973)
hess	n.	Nazi leader who in 1941 flew a solo flight to Scotland in an apparent attempt to negotiate a peace treaty with Great Britain but was imprisoned for life (1894-1987)
hess	n.	United States physicist (born in Austria) who was a discoverer of cosmic radiation (1883-1964)
hesse	n.	Swiss writer (born in Germany) whose novels and poems express his interests in eastern spiritual values (1877-1962)
hessian	n.	(19th century) a man's high tasseled boot
heterodox	adj.	characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards
heterodoxy	n.	any opinions or doctrines at variance with the official or orthodox position
heterodoxy	n.	the quality of being unorthodox
heterogeneity	n.	the quality of being diverse and not comparable in kind
heterogeneous	adj.	consisting of elements that are not of the same kind or nature
heterogeneous	adj.	originating outside the body
heterosexual	n.	a heterosexual person; someone having a sexual orientation to persons of the opposite sex
heterosexual	adj.	sexually attracted to members of the opposite sex
heterosexuality	n.	a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the opposite sex
heuristic	n.	a commonsense rule (or set of rules) intended to increase the probability of solving some problem
heuristic	adj.	of or relating to or using a general formulation that serves to guide investigation
heuristics	n.	a commonsense rule (or set of rules) intended to increase the probability of solving some problem
hew	v.	make or shape as with an axe
hew	v.	strike with an axe; cut down, strike
hewer	n.	a person who hews
hex	n.	an evil spell
hex	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
hex	adj.	of or pertaining to a number system having 16 as its base
hexadecimal	adj.	of or pertaining to a number system having 16 as its base
hexagon	n.	a six-sided polygon
hexagonal	adj.	having six sides or divided into hexagons
hexagram	n.	a regular polygon formed by extending each of the sides of a regular hexagon to form two equilateral triangles
hexameter	n.	a verse line having six metrical feet
heyday	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
heyerdahl	n.	Norwegian anthropologist noted for his studies of cultural diffusion (1914-2002)
hezbollah	n.	a Shiite terrorist organization with strong ties to Iran; seeks to create an Iranian fundamentalist Islamic state in Lebanon; car bombs are the signature weapon
hezekiah	n.	(Old Testament) king of Judah who abolished idolatry (715-687 BC)
hf	n.	a grey tetravalent metallic element that resembles zirconium chemically and is found in zirconium minerals; used in filaments for its ready emission of electrons
hf	n.	3 to 30 megahertz
hg	n.	a heavy silvery toxic univalent and bivalent metallic element; the only metal that is liquid at ordinary temperatures
hg	n.	100 grams
hhs	n.	the United States federal department that administers all federal programs dealing with health and welfare; created in 1979
hi	n.	an expression of greeting
hi	n.	a state in the United States in the central Pacific on the Hawaiian Islands
hiatus	n.	an interruption in the intensity or amount of something
hiatus	n.	a missing piece (as a gap in a manuscript)
hiatus	n.	a natural opening or perforation through a bone or a membranous structure
hiawatha	n.	a Native American chieftain who argued for peace with the European settlers (16th century)
hibachi	n.	a portable brazier that burns charcoal and has a grill for cooking
hibachi	v.	cook over a hibachi grill
hibernate	v.	sleep during winter
hibernate	v.	be in an inactive or dormant state
hibernation	n.	the torpid or resting state in which some animals pass the winter
hibernation	n.	cessation from or slowing of activity during the winter; especially slowing of metabolism in some animals
hibernation	n.	the act of retiring into inactivity
hibernia	n.	an island comprising the republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
hibiscus	n.	any plant of the genus Hibiscus
hiccough	n.	(usually plural) the state of having reflex spasms of the diaphragm accompanied by a rapid closure of the glottis producing an audible sound; sometimes a symptom of indigestion
hiccough	v.	breathe spasmodically, and make a sound
hiccoughs	n.	(usually plural) the state of having reflex spasms of the diaphragm accompanied by a rapid closure of the glottis producing an audible sound; sometimes a symptom of indigestion
hiccoughs	v.	breathe spasmodically, and make a sound
hiccup	n.	(usually plural) the state of having reflex spasms of the diaphragm accompanied by a rapid closure of the glottis producing an audible sound; sometimes a symptom of indigestion
hiccup	v.	breathe spasmodically, and make a sound
hick	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
hick	adj.	awkwardly simple and provincial
hickey	n.	a small inflamed elevation of the skin; a pustule or papule; common symptom in acne
hickey	n.	a temporary red mark on a person's skin resulting from kissing or sucking by their lover
hickory	n.	valuable tough heavy hardwood from various hickory trees
hickory	n.	American hardwood tree bearing edible nuts
hicks	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
hid	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
hid	v.	be or go into hiding; keep out of sight, as for protection and safety
hid	v.	cover as if with a shroud
hid	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
hidden	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
hidden	v.	be or go into hiding; keep out of sight, as for protection and safety
hidden	v.	cover as if with a shroud
hidden	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
hidden	adj.	not accessible to view
hidden	adj.	designed to elude detection
hidden	adj.	difficult to find
hide	n.	the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal)
hide	n.	body covering of a living animal
hide	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
hide	v.	be or go into hiding; keep out of sight, as for protection and safety
hide	v.	cover as if with a shroud
hide	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
hideaway	n.	a hiding place; usually a remote place used by outlaws
hideaway	n.	an area where you can be alone
hidebound	adj.	stubbornly conservative and narrow-minded
hideous	adj.	grossly offensive to decency or morality; causing horror
hideous	adj.	so extremely ugly as to be terrifying
hideousness	n.	dreadful ugliness; horrible repulsiveness
hideout	n.	a hiding place; usually a remote place used by outlaws
hiding	n.	the activity of keeping something secret
hiding	n.	the state of being hidden
hiding	v.	prevent from being seen or discovered
hiding	v.	be or go into hiding; keep out of sight, as for protection and safety
hiding	v.	cover as if with a shroud
hiding	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
hie	v.	move fast
hieing	v.	move fast
hierarchic	adj.	classified according to various criteria into successive levels or layers
hierarchical	adj.	classified according to various criteria into successive levels or layers
hierarchy	n.	a series of ordered groupings of people or things within a system
hierarchy	n.	the organization of people at different ranks in an administrative body
hieroglyph	n.	writing that resembles hieroglyphics (usually by being illegible)
hieroglyph	n.	a writing system using picture symbols; used in ancient Egypt
hieroglyphic	n.	writing that resembles hieroglyphics (usually by being illegible)
hieroglyphic	n.	a writing system using picture symbols; used in ancient Egypt
hieroglyphic	adj.	resembling hieroglyphic writing
hieroglyphic	adj.	written in or belonging to a writing system using pictorial symbols
hieroglyphs	n.	writing that resembles hieroglyphics (usually by being illegible)
hieroglyphs	n.	a writing system using picture symbols; used in ancient Egypt
hieronymus	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) one of the great Fathers of the early Christian Church whose major work was his translation of the Scriptures from Hebrew and Greek into Latin (which became the Vulgate); a saint and Doctor of the Church (347-420)
high	n.	a lofty level or position or degree
high	n.	an air mass of higher than normal pressure
high	n.	a state of sustained elation
high	n.	a state of altered consciousness induced by alcohol or narcotics
high	n.	a high place
high	n.	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12
high	n.	a forward gear with a gear ratio that gives the greatest vehicle velocity for a given engine speed
high	adj.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount
high	adj.	(literal meaning) being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension (sometimes used in combinations like `knee-high')
high	adj.	standing above others in quality or position
high	adj.	used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or frequency
high	adj.	happy and excited and energetic
high	adj.	(used of the smell of meat) smelling spoiled or tainted
high	adj.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
high	adv.	at a great altitude
high	adv.	in or to a high position, amount, or degree
high	adv.	in a rich manner
high	adv.	far up toward the source
highball	n.	a mixed drink made of alcoholic liquor mixed with water or a carbonated beverage and served in a tall glass
highborn	adj.	belonging to the peerage
highboy	n.	a tall chest of drawers divided into two sections and supported on four legs
highbrow	n.	a person of intellectual or erudite tastes
highbrow	adj.	highly cultured or educated
highchair	n.	a chair for feeding a very young child; has four long legs and a footrest and a detachable tray
highfalutin	adj.	affectedly genteel
highland	n.	elevated (e.g., mountainous) land
highland	adj.	used of high or hilly country
highlander	n.	a soldier in a Scottish regiment from the Highlands
highlander	n.	a native of the Highlands of Scotland
highlander	adj.	used of high or hilly country
highlands	n.	a mountainous region of northern Scotland famous for its rugged beauty; known for the style of dress (the kilt and tartan) and the clan system (now in disuse)
highlands	n.	elevated (e.g., mountainous) land
highlight	n.	the most interesting or memorable part
highlight	n.	an area of lightness in a picture
highlight	v.	move into the foreground to make more visible or prominent
highlight	v.	apply a highlighter to one's cheeks or eyebrows in order to make them more prominent
highlighter	n.	a cosmetic used to highlight the eyes or cheekbones
highlighter	n.	a fluorescent marker used to mark important passages in a text
highness	n.	(Your Highness or His Highness or Her Highness) title used to address a royal person
highness	n.	the quality of being high or lofty
highness	n.	a high degree (of amount or force etc.)
highroad	n.	a highway
highs	n.	a lofty level or position or degree
highs	n.	an air mass of higher than normal pressure
highs	n.	a state of sustained elation
highs	n.	a state of altered consciousness induced by alcohol or narcotics
highs	n.	a high place
highs	n.	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12
highs	n.	a forward gear with a gear ratio that gives the greatest vehicle velocity for a given engine speed
hightail	v.	leave as fast as possible
highway	n.	a major road for any form of motor transport
highwayman	n.	a holdup man who stops a vehicle and steals from it
highwaymen	n.	a holdup man who stops a vehicle and steals from it
hijab	n.	a headscarf worn by Muslim women; conceals the hair and neck and usually has a face veil that covers the face
hijab	n.	the custom in some Islamic societies of women dressing modestly outside the home
hijack	n.	seizure of a vehicle in transit either to rob it or divert it to an alternate destination
hijack	v.	take arbitrarily or by force
hijack	v.	seize control of
hijacker	n.	a holdup man who stops a vehicle and steals from it
hijacker	n.	someone who uses force to take over a vehicle (especially an airplane) in order to reach an alternative destination
hijacking	n.	robbery of a traveller or vehicle in transit or seizing control of a vehicle by the use of force
hijacking	v.	take arbitrarily or by force
hijacking	v.	seize control of
hike	n.	a long walk usually for exercise or pleasure
hike	n.	an increase in cost
hike	n.	the amount a salary is increased
hike	v.	increase
hike	v.	walk a long way, as for pleasure or physical exercise
hiker	n.	a foot traveler; someone who goes on an extended walk (for pleasure)
hiking	n.	a long walk usually for exercise or pleasure
hiking	v.	increase
hiking	v.	walk a long way, as for pleasure or physical exercise
hilarious	adj.	marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter
hilarity	n.	great merriment
hilbert	n.	German mathematician (1862-1943)
hildebrand	n.	the Italian pope who fought to establish the supremacy of the pope over the Roman Catholic Church and the supremacy of the church over the state (1020-1085)
hill	n.	a local and well-defined elevation of the land
hill	n.	structure consisting of an artificial heap or bank usually of earth or stones
hill	n.	United States railroad tycoon (1838-1916)
hill	n.	risque English comedian (1925-1992)
hill	n.	(baseball) the slight elevation on which the pitcher stands
hill	v.	form into a hill
hillary	n.	New Zealand mountaineer who in 1953 first attained the summit of Mount Everest with his Sherpa guide Tenzing Norgay (born in 1919)
hillbilly	n.	a disparaging term for an unsophisticated person
hillel	n.	Palestinian rabbi and interpreter of Judaic law
hilliness	n.	the quality of being hilly
hillock	n.	a small natural hill
hillside	n.	the side or slope of a hill
hilltop	n.	the peak of a hill
hilly	adj.	having hills and crags
hilt	n.	the handle of a sword or dagger
himalaya	n.	a mountain range extending 1500 miles on the border between India and Tibet; this range contains the world's highest mountain
himalayan	adj.	of or relating to the Himalayas
himalayas	n.	a mountain range extending 1500 miles on the border between India and Tibet; this range contains the world's highest mountain
himmler	n.	German Nazi who was chief of the SS and the Gestapo and who oversaw the genocide of six million Jews (1900-1945)
hinayana	n.	a major school of Buddhism teaching personal salvation through one's own efforts
hinayana	n.	an offensive name for the early conservative Theravada Buddhism; it died out in India but survived in Sri Lanka and was taken from there to other regions of southwestern Asia
hind	n.	any of several mostly spotted fishes that resemble groupers
hind	n.	a female deer, especially an adult female red deer
hind	adj.	located at or near the back of an animal
hindemith	n.	German neoclassical composer and conductor who believed that music should have a social purpose (1895-1963)
hindenburg	n.	German field marshal and statesman; as president of the Weimar Republic he reluctantly appointed Hitler as chancellor in 1933 (1847-1934)
hinder	v.	be a hindrance or obstacle to
hinder	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
hinder	v.	put at a disadvantage
hinder	adj.	located at or near the back of an animal
hindered	v.	be a hindrance or obstacle to
hindered	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
hindered	v.	put at a disadvantage
hindi	n.	the most widely spoken of modern Indic vernaculars; spoken mostly in the north of India; along with English it is the official language of India; usually written in Devanagari script
hindi	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Hinduism
hindmost	adj.	located farthest to the rear
hindquarter	n.	the back half of a side of meat
hindrance	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
hindrance	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
hindrance	n.	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding
hindsight	n.	understanding the nature of an event after it has happened
hindu	n.	a native or inhabitant of Hindustan or India
hindu	n.	a person who adheres to Hinduism
hindu	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Hinduism
hinduism	n.	the religion of most people in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Nepal
hinduism	n.	a body of religious and philosophical beliefs and cultural practices native to India and based on a caste system; it is characterized by a belief in reincarnation, by a belief in a supreme being of many forms and natures, by the view that opposing theories are aspects of one eternal truth, and by a desire for liberation from earthly evils
hindustan	n.	northern region of India where Hinduism predominates
hindustani	n.	a native or inhabitant of Hindustan or India
hindustani	n.	a form of Hindi spoken around Delhi
hindustani	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Hindustan or its people or language
hinge	n.	a joint that holds two parts together so that one can swing relative to the other
hinge	n.	a circumstance upon which subsequent events depend
hinge	v.	attach with a hinge
hint	n.	an indirect suggestion
hint	n.	a slight indication
hint	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
hint	n.	a just detectable amount
hint	n.	an indication of potential opportunity
hint	v.	drop a hint; intimate by a hint
hinterland	n.	a remote and undeveloped area
hip	n.	either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh
hip	n.	the structure of the vertebrate skeleton supporting the lower limbs in humans and the hind limbs or corresponding parts in other vertebrates
hip	n.	the ball-and-socket joint between the head of the femur and the acetabulum
hip	n.	(architecture) the exterior angle formed by the junction of a sloping side and a sloping end of a roof
hip	n.	the fruit of a rose plant
hip	adj.	informed about the latest trends
hipbone	n.	large flaring bone forming one half of the pelvis; made up of the ilium and ischium and pubis
hipparchus	n.	Greek astronomer and mathematician who discovered the precession of the equinoxes and made the first known star chart and is said to have invented trigonometry (second century BC)
hipped	adj.	having hips; or having hips as specified (usually in combination)
hipped	adj.	(of a roof) sloping on all sides
hipper	adj.	informed about the latest trends
hippest	adj.	informed about the latest trends
hippie	n.	someone who rejects the established culture; advocates extreme liberalism in politics and lifestyle
hippo	n.	an ancient Numidian town in northwestern Africa adjoining present-day Annaba in northeastern Algeria
hippo	n.	massive thick-skinned herbivorous animal living in or around rivers of tropical Africa
hippocampus	n.	a complex neural structure (shaped like a sea horse) consisting of grey matter and located on the floor of each lateral ventricle; intimately involved in motivation and emotion as part of the limbic system; has a central role in the formation of memories
hippocampus	n.	seahorses
hippocrates	n.	medical practitioner who is regarded as the father of medicine; author of the Hippocratic oath (circa 460-377 BC)
hippocratic	adj.	of or relating to Hippocrates or the school of medicine that took his name
hippodrome	n.	a stadium for horse shows or horse races
hippopotamus	n.	massive thick-skinned herbivorous animal living in or around rivers of tropical Africa
hippy	n.	someone who rejects the established culture; advocates extreme liberalism in politics and lifestyle
hipster	n.	someone who rejects the established culture; advocates extreme liberalism in politics and lifestyle
hire	n.	a newly hired employee
hire	n.	the act of hiring something or someone
hire	v.	engage or hire for work
hire	v.	hold under a lease or rental agreement; of goods and services
hire	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
hireling	n.	a person who works only for money
hirohito	n.	emperor of Japan who renounced his divinity and became a constitutional monarch after Japan surrendered at the end of World War II (1901-1989)
hiroshima	n.	a port city on the southwestern coast of Honshu in Japan; on August 6, 1945 Hiroshima was almost completely destroyed by the first atomic bomb dropped on a populated area
hirsute	adj.	having or covered with hair
hirsuteness	n.	excessive hairiness
hispanic	n.	an American whose first language is Spanish
hispanic	adj.	related to a Spanish-speaking people or culture
hispaniola	n.	an island in the West Indies
hiss	n.	a fricative sound (especially as an expression of disapproval)
hiss	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
hiss	v.	make a sharp hissing sound, as if to show disapproval
hiss	v.	move with a whooshing sound
hiss	v.	express or utter with a hiss
hiss	v.	show displeasure, as after a performance or speech
histamine	n.	amine formed from histidine that stimulates gastric secretions and dilates blood vessels; released by the human immune system during allergic reactions
histogram	n.	a bar chart representing a frequency distribution; heights of the bars represent observed frequencies
histologist	n.	anatomist who specializes in the microscopic study of animal tissues
histology	n.	the branch of biology that studies the microscopic structure of animal or plant tissues
historian	n.	a person who is an authority on history and who studies it and writes about it
historic	adj.	belonging to the past; of what is important or famous in the past
historic	adj.	important in history
historical	adj.	of or relating to the study of history
historical	adj.	having once lived or existed or taken place in the real world as distinct from being legendary
historical	adj.	belonging to the past; of what is important or famous in the past
historical	adj.	used of the study of a phenomenon (especially language) as it changes through time
historiographer	n.	a person who is an authority on history and who studies it and writes about it
historiography	n.	a body of historical literature
historiography	n.	the writing of history
history	n.	the aggregate of past events
history	n.	a record or narrative description of past events
history	n.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings
history	n.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future
history	n.	all that is remembered of the past as preserved in writing; a body of knowledge
histrionic	adj.	characteristic of acting or a stage performance; often affected
histrionics	n.	a performance of a play
histrionics	n.	a deliberate display of emotion for effect
hit	n.	(baseball) a successful stroke in an athletic contest (especially in baseball)
hit	n.	the act of contacting one thing with another
hit	n.	a conspicuous success
hit	n.	(physics) a brief event in which two or more bodies come together
hit	n.	a dose of a narcotic drug
hit	n.	a murder carried out by an underworld syndicate
hit	n.	a connection made via the internet to another website
hit	v.	cause to move by striking
hit	v.	hit against; come into sudden contact with
hit	v.	deal a blow to, either with the hand or with an instrument
hit	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
hit	v.	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
hit	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
hit	v.	encounter by chance
hit	v.	gain points in a game
hit	v.	cause to experience suddenly
hit	v.	make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target
hit	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
hit	v.	drive something violently into a location
hit	v.	reach a point in time, or a certain state or level
hit	v.	produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
hit	v.	consume to excess
hit	v.	hit the intended target or goal
hit	v.	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to
hitch	n.	a period of time spent in military service
hitch	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
hitch	n.	an unforeseen obstacle
hitch	n.	a connection between a vehicle and the load that it pulls
hitch	n.	a knot that can be undone by pulling against the strain that holds it; a temporary knot
hitch	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
hitch	n.	the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg
hitch	v.	to hook or entangle
hitch	v.	walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury
hitch	v.	jump vertically, with legs stiff and back arched
hitch	v.	travel by getting free rides from motorists
hitch	v.	connect to a vehicle:
hitchcock	n.	English film director noted for his skill in creating suspense (1899-1980)
hitchhike	v.	travel by getting free rides from motorists
hitchhiker	n.	a person who travels by getting free rides from passing vehicles
hither	adv.	to this place (especially toward the speaker)
hitherto	adv.	used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up to this point or up to the present time
hitler	n.	German Nazi dictator during World War II (1889-1945)
hitter	n.	(baseball) a ballplayer who is batting
hitter	n.	someone who hits
hitting	n.	the act of contacting one thing with another
hitting	v.	cause to move by striking
hitting	v.	hit against; come into sudden contact with
hitting	v.	deal a blow to, either with the hand or with an instrument
hitting	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
hitting	v.	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
hitting	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
hitting	v.	encounter by chance
hitting	v.	gain points in a game
hitting	v.	cause to experience suddenly
hitting	v.	make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target
hitting	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
hitting	v.	drive something violently into a location
hitting	v.	reach a point in time, or a certain state or level
hitting	v.	produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
hitting	v.	consume to excess
hitting	v.	hit the intended target or goal
hitting	v.	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to
hittite	n.	a member of an ancient people who inhabited Anatolia and northern Syria about 2000 to 1200 BC
hittite	n.	the language of the Hittites and the principal language of the Anatolian group of languages; deciphered from cuneiform inscriptions
hittite	adj.	of or relating to the Hittite people or their language or culture
hiv	n.	infection by the human immunodeficiency virus
hiv	n.	the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS); it replicates in and kills the helper T cells
hive	n.	a teeming multitude
hive	n.	a man-made receptacle that houses a swarm of bees
hive	n.	a structure that provides a natural habitation for bees; as in a hollow tree
hive	v.	store, like bees
hive	v.	move together in a hive or as if in a hive
hive	v.	gather into a hive
hm	n.	a metric unit of length equal to 100 meters
hmo	n.	group insurance that entitles members to services of participating hospitals and clinics and physicians
hmong	n.	a people living traditionally in mountain villages in southern China and adjacent areas of Vietnam and Laos and Thailand; many have emigrated to the United States
hmong	n.	a language of uncertain affiliation spoken by the Hmong
hmong	adj.	of or related to the Hmong people or their language or their culture
hms	n.	a metric unit of length equal to 100 meters
ho	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs together with yttrium; forms highly magnetic compounds
hoagie	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
hoard	n.	a secret store of valuables or money
hoard	v.	save up as for future use
hoard	v.	get or gather together
hoarder	n.	a person who accumulates things and hides them away for future use
hoarding	n.	large outdoor signboard
hoarding	v.	save up as for future use
hoarding	v.	get or gather together
hoarfrost	n.	ice crystals forming a white deposit (especially on objects outside)
hoariness	n.	a silvery-white color
hoariness	n.	great age (especially grey or white with age)
hoarse	adj.	deep and harsh sounding as if from shouting or illness or emotion; ; ; ; - Virgil Thomson
hoarseness	n.	a throaty harshness
hoary	adj.	showing characteristics of age, especially having grey or white hair; -Coleridge
hoary	adj.	ancient
hoary	adj.	covered with fine whitish hairs or down
hoax	n.	something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to gain an advantage
hoax	v.	subject to a playful hoax or joke
hoaxer	n.	someone who plays practical jokes on others
hob	n.	(folklore) a small grotesque supernatural creature that makes trouble for human beings
hob	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
hob	n.	a hard steel edge tool used to cut gears
hob	n.	a shelf beside an open fire where something can be kept warm
hob	v.	cut with a hob
hobart	n.	a port and state capital of Tasmania
hobbes	n.	English materialist and political philosopher who advocated absolute sovereignty as the only kind of government that could resolve problems caused by the selfishness of human beings (1588-1679)
hobbit	n.	an imaginary being similar to a person but smaller and with hairy feet; invented by J.R.R. Tolkien
hobble	n.	a shackle for the ankles or feet
hobble	n.	the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg
hobble	v.	walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury
hobble	v.	hamper the action or progress of
hobble	v.	strap the foreleg and hind leg together on each side (of a horse) in order to keep the legs on the same side moving in unison
hobbler	n.	someone who has a limp and walks with a hobbling gait
hobbs	n.	notable English cricketer (1882-1963)
hobby	n.	an auxiliary activity
hobby	n.	a child's plaything consisting of an imitation horse mounted on rockers; the child straddles it and pretends to ride
hobby	n.	small Old World falcon formerly trained and flown at small birds
hobbyhorse	n.	a topic to which one constantly reverts
hobbyhorse	n.	a child's plaything consisting of an imitation horse mounted on rockers; the child straddles it and pretends to ride
hobbyist	n.	a person who pursues an activity in their spare time for pleasure
hobgoblin	n.	(folklore) a small grotesque supernatural creature that makes trouble for human beings
hobgoblin	n.	an object of dread or apprehension; ; --Ralph Waldo Emerson
hobnail	n.	a short nail with a thick head; used to protect the soles of boots
hobnail	v.	supply with hobnails
hobnob	v.	rub elbows with
hobnobbed	v.	rub elbows with
hobnobbing	v.	rub elbows with
hobo	n.	a disreputable vagrant
hock	n.	any of several white wines from the Rhine River valley in Germany (`hock' is British usage)
hock	n.	tarsal joint of the hind leg of hoofed mammals; corresponds to the human ankle
hock	v.	leave as a guarantee in return for money
hock	v.	disable by cutting the hock
hockey	n.	a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing teams use curved sticks try to drive a ball into the opponents' net
hockey	n.	a game played on an ice rink by two opposing teams of six skaters each who try to knock a flat round puck into the opponents' goal with angled sticks
hod	n.	an open box attached to a long pole handle; bricks or mortar are carried on the shoulder
hodgepodge	n.	a motley assortment of things
hodgepodge	n.	a theory or argument made up of miscellaneous or incongruous ideas
hodgkin	n.	English physician who first described Hodgkin's disease (1798-1866)
hodgkin	n.	English chemist (born in Egypt) who used crystallography to study the structure of organic compounds (1910-1994)
hodgkin	n.	English physiologist who, with Andrew Huxley, discovered the role of potassium and sodium atoms in the transmission of the nerve impulse (1914-1998)
hoe	n.	a tool with a flat blade attached at right angles to a long handle
hoe	v.	dig with a hoe
hoecake	n.	thin usually unleavened johnnycake made of cornmeal; originally baked on the blade of a hoe over an open fire (southern)
hoeing	v.	dig with a hoe
hoffa	n.	United States labor leader who was president of the Teamsters Union; he was jailed for trying to bribe a judge and later disappeared and is assumed to have been murdered (1913-1975)
hoffman	n.	United States sculptor (1887-1966)
hoffman	n.	versatile United States film actor (born in 1937)
hog	n.	a person regarded as greedy and pig-like
hog	n.	a sheep up to the age of one year; one yet to be sheared
hog	n.	domestic swine
hog	v.	take greedily; take more than one's share
hogan	n.	United States golfer who won many major golf tournaments (1912-1997)
hogan	n.	a Navajo lodge covered with earth; traditionally built with the entrance facing east
hogarth	n.	English artist noted for a series of engravings that satirized the affectations of his time (1697-1764)
hogback	n.	a narrow ridge of hills
hogged	v.	take greedily; take more than one's share
hogged	adj.	(of a ship) so weakened as to sag at each end
hogging	v.	take greedily; take more than one's share
hoggish	adj.	resembling swine; coarsely gluttonous or greedy
hogshead	n.	a British unit of capacity for alcoholic beverages
hogshead	n.	a large cask especially one holding 63 gals
hogwash	n.	unacceptable behavior (especially ludicrously false statements)
hohenzollern	n.	a German noble family that ruled Brandenburg and Prussia
hohhot	n.	a northern industrial city of China to the northwest of Beijing
hoist	n.	lifting device for raising heavy or cumbersome objects
hoist	v.	raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
hoist	v.	move from one place to another by lifting
hoist	v.	raise
hokey	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
hokey	adj.	artificially formal
hokkaido	n.	the second largest of the four main islands of Japan; to the north of Honshu
hokum	n.	a message that seems to convey no meaning
hokusai	n.	Japanese painter whose work influenced the impressionists (1760-1849)
holbein	n.	German painter and engraver noted for his portraits; he was commissioned by Henry VIII to provide portraits of the English king's prospective brides (1497-1543)
holbein	n.	German painter of religious works (1465-1524)
hold	n.	the act of grasping
hold	n.	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something
hold	n.	power by which something or someone is affected or dominated
hold	n.	time during which some action is awaited
hold	n.	a state of being confined (usually for a short time)
hold	n.	a stronghold
hold	n.	a cell in a jail or prison
hold	n.	the appendage to an object that is designed to be held in order to use or move it
hold	n.	the space in a ship or aircraft for storing cargo
hold	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
hold	v.	have or hold in one's hands or grip
hold	v.	organize or be responsible for
hold	v.	have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
hold	v.	keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view
hold	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
hold	v.	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement
hold	v.	secure and keep for possible future use or application
hold	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
hold	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
hold	v.	contain or hold; have within
hold	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
hold	v.	remain in a certain state, position, or condition
hold	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
hold	v.	be valid, applicable, or true
hold	v.	assert or affirm
hold	v.	have as a major characteristic
hold	v.	be capable of holding or containing
hold	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
hold	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
hold	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
hold	v.	hold the attention of
hold	v.	remain committed to
hold	v.	resist or confront with resistance
hold	v.	be pertinent or relevant or applicable
hold	v.	stop dealing with
hold	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
hold	v.	keep from departing
hold	v.	take and maintain control over, often by violent means
hold	v.	cause to stop
hold	v.	cover as for protection against noise or smell
hold	v.	drink alcohol without showing ill effects
hold	v.	aim, point, or direct
hold	v.	declare to be
hold	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
hold	v.	keep from exhaling or expelling
holdall	n.	a capacious bag or basket
holder	n.	a holding device
holder	n.	a person who holds something
holder	n.	the person who is in possession of a check or note or bond or document of title that is endorsed to him or to whoever holds it
holding	n.	the act of retaining something
holding	n.	something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone
holding	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
holding	v.	have or hold in one's hands or grip
holding	v.	organize or be responsible for
holding	v.	have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
holding	v.	keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view
holding	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
holding	v.	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement
holding	v.	secure and keep for possible future use or application
holding	v.	have rightfully; of rights, titles, and offices
holding	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
holding	v.	contain or hold; have within
holding	v.	have room for; hold without crowding
holding	v.	remain in a certain state, position, or condition
holding	v.	support or hold in a certain manner
holding	v.	be valid, applicable, or true
holding	v.	assert or affirm
holding	v.	have as a major characteristic
holding	v.	be capable of holding or containing
holding	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
holding	v.	protect against a challenge or attack
holding	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
holding	v.	hold the attention of
holding	v.	remain committed to
holding	v.	resist or confront with resistance
holding	v.	be pertinent or relevant or applicable
holding	v.	stop dealing with
holding	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
holding	v.	keep from departing
holding	v.	take and maintain control over, often by violent means
holding	v.	cause to stop
holding	v.	cover as for protection against noise or smell
holding	v.	drink alcohol without showing ill effects
holding	v.	aim, point, or direct
holding	v.	declare to be
holding	v.	be in accord; be in agreement
holding	v.	keep from exhaling or expelling
holdout	n.	a negotiator who hopes to gain concessions by refusing to come to terms
holdout	n.	a refusal by a negotiator to come to terms in the hope of obtaining a better deal
holdout	n.	the act of hiding playing cards in a gambling game so they are available for personal use later
holdover	n.	an official who remains in office after his term
holdover	n.	something that has survived from the past
holdup	n.	robbery at gunpoint
holdup	n.	the act of delaying; inactivity resulting in something being put off until a later time
hole	n.	an opening into or through something
hole	n.	an opening deliberately made in or through something
hole	n.	one playing period (from tee to green) on a golf course
hole	n.	an unoccupied space
hole	n.	a depression hollowed out of solid matter
hole	n.	a fault
hole	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
hole	n.	informal terms for the mouth
hole	v.	hit the ball into the hole
hole	v.	make holes in
holey	adj.	allowing passage in and out
holiday	n.	leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
holiday	n.	a day on which work is suspended by law or custom
holiday	v.	spend or take a vacation
holidaymaker	n.	someone who travels for pleasure
holiness	n.	the quality of being holy
holism	n.	the theory that the parts of any whole cannot exist and cannot be understood except in their relation to the whole
holistic	adj.	emphasizing the organic or functional relation between parts and the whole
holland	n.	a constitutional monarchy in western Europe on the North Sea; half the country lies below sea level
hollander	n.	a native or inhabitant of Holland
holler	n.	a very loud utterance (like the sound of an animal)
holler	n.	a small valley between mountains
holler	v.	shout out
holler	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
holler	v.	complain
hollerith	n.	United States inventor who invented a system for recording alphanumeric information on punched cards (1860-1929)
hollow	n.	a cavity or space in something
hollow	n.	a small valley between mountains
hollow	n.	a depression hollowed out of solid matter
hollow	v.	remove the inner part or the core of
hollow	v.	remove the interior of
hollow	adj.	not solid; having a space or gap or cavity
hollow	adj.	as if echoing in a hollow space
hollow	adj.	devoid of significance or point
hollowness	n.	the state of being hollow: having an empty space within
hollowness	n.	the property of having a sunken area
hollowness	n.	the quality of not being open or truthful; deceitful or hypocritical
holly	n.	any tree or shrub of the genus Ilex having red berries and shiny evergreen leaves with prickly edges
holly	n.	United States rock star (1936-1959)
hollyhock	n.	any of various plants of the genus Althaea; similar to but having smaller flowers than genus Alcea
hollyhock	n.	any of various tall plants of the genus Alcea; native to the Middle East but widely naturalized and cultivated for its very large variously colored flowers
hollywood	n.	the film industry of the United States
hollywood	n.	a flashy vulgar tone or atmosphere believed to be characteristic of the American film industry
hollywood	n.	a district of Los Angeles long associated with the American film industry
hollywood	adj.	of or relating to the film industry in the United States
hollywood	adj.	flashy and vulgar
holmes	n.	a fictitious detective in stories by A. Conan Doyle
holmes	n.	United States jurist noted for his liberal opinions (1841-1935)
holmes	n.	United States writer of humorous essays (1809-1894)
holmes	n.	English geologist and supporter of the theory of continental drift (1890-1965)
holmium	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs together with yttrium; forms highly magnetic compounds
holocaust	n.	an act of mass destruction and loss of life (especially in war or by fire)
holocaust	n.	the mass murder of Jews under the German Nazi regime from 1941 until 1945
holocene	n.	approximately the last 10,000 years
hologram	n.	the intermediate photograph (or photographic record) that contains information for reproducing a three-dimensional image by holography
holograph	n.	handwritten book or document
holograph	n.	the intermediate photograph (or photographic record) that contains information for reproducing a three-dimensional image by holography
holographic	adj.	of or relating to holography or holograms
holographic	adj.	written entirely in one's own hand
holographic	adj.	written wholly in the handwriting of the signer
holographs	n.	handwritten book or document
holographs	n.	the intermediate photograph (or photographic record) that contains information for reproducing a three-dimensional image by holography
holography	n.	the branch of optics that deals with the use of coherent light from a laser in order to make a hologram that can then be used to create a three-dimensional image
holstein	n.	a breed of dairy cattle from northern Holland
holster	n.	a sheath (usually leather) for carrying a handgun
holster	n.	a belt with loops or slots for carrying small hand tools
holy	n.	a sacred place of pilgrimage
holy	adj.	belonging to or derived from or associated with a divine power
homage	n.	respectful deference
hombre	n.	an informal term for a youth or man
homburg	n.	a hat made of felt with a creased crown
home	n.	where you live at a particular time
home	n.	housing that someone is living in
home	n.	the country or state or city where you live
home	n.	(baseball) base consisting of a rubber slab where the batter stands; it must be touched by a base runner in order to score
home	n.	the place where you are stationed and from which missions start and end
home	n.	place where something began and flourished
home	n.	an environment offering affection and security
home	n.	a social unit living together
home	n.	an institution where people are cared for
home	v.	provide with, or send to, a home
home	v.	return home accurately from a long distance
home	adj.	used of your own ground
home	adj.	relating to or being where one lives or where one's roots are
home	adj.	inside the country
home	adv.	at or to or in the direction of one's home or family
home	adv.	on or to the point aimed at
home	adv.	to the fullest extent; to the heart
homebody	n.	a person who seldom goes anywhere; one not given to wandering or travel
homeboy	n.	a fellow male member of a youth gang
homeboy	n.	a male friend from your neighborhood or hometown
homecoming	n.	an annual school or university reunion for graduates
homecoming	n.	a coming to or returning home
homegrown	adj.	grown or originating in a particular place
homeland	n.	the country where you were born
homeless	n.	someone unfortunate without housing
homeless	n.	poor people who unfortunately do not have a home to live in
homeless	adj.	without nationality or citizenship
homeless	adj.	physically or spiritually homeless or deprived of security; - James Stern
homelessness	n.	the state or condition of having no home (especially the state of living in the streets)
homelike	adj.	having a feeling of home; cozy and comfortable
homeliness	n.	having a drab or dowdy quality; lacking stylishness or elegance
homeliness	n.	an appearance that is not attractive or beautiful
homely	adj.	lacking in physical beauty or proportion
homely	adj.	having a feeling of home; cozy and comfortable
homely	adj.	plain and unpretentious
homely	adj.	without artificial refinement or elegance
homemade	adj.	made or produced in the home or by yourself
homemaker	n.	a wife who manages a household while her husband earns the family income
homemaking	n.	the management of a household
homeopath	n.	a practitioner of homeopathy
homeopathic	adj.	of or relating to the practice of homeopathy
homeopaths	n.	a practitioner of homeopathy
homeopathy	n.	a method of treating disease with small amounts of remedies that, in large amounts in healthy people, produce symptoms similar to those being treated
homeostasis	n.	(physiology) metabolic equilibrium actively maintained by several complex biological mechanisms that operate via the autonomic nervous system to offset disrupting changes
homeostatic	adj.	related to or characterized by homeostasis
homeowner	n.	someone who owns a home
homepage	n.	the opening page of a web site
homer	n.	a base hit on which the batter scores a run
homer	n.	ancient Greek epic poet who is believed to have written the Iliad and the Odyssey (circa 850 BC)
homer	n.	an ancient Hebrew unit of capacity equal to 10 baths or 10 ephahs
homer	n.	United States painter best known for his seascapes (1836-1910)
homer	n.	pigeon trained to return home
homer	v.	hit a home run
homeric	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Homer or his age or the works attributed to him
homeroom	n.	a classroom in which all students in a particular grade (or in a division of a grade) meet at certain times under the supervision of a teacher who takes attendance and does other administrative business
homesick	adj.	longing to return home
homesickness	n.	a longing to return home
homespun	n.	a rough loosely woven fabric originally made with yarn that was spun at home
homespun	adj.	of textiles; having a rough surface
homespun	adj.	characteristic of country life
homespun	adj.	made of cloth spun or woven in the home
homestead	n.	the home and adjacent grounds occupied by a family
homestead	n.	land acquired from the United States public lands by filing a record and living on and cultivating it under the homestead law
homestead	n.	dwelling that is usually a farmhouse and adjoining land
homestead	v.	settle land given by the government and occupy it as a homestead
homesteader	n.	someone who settles lawfully on government land with the intent to acquire title to it
homestretch	n.	the end of an enterprise
homestretch	n.	the straight stretch of a racetrack leading to the finish line
hometown	n.	the town (or city) where you grew up or where you have your principal residence
homeward	adj.	oriented toward home
homeward	adv.	toward home
homework	n.	preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home)
homey	adj.	having a feeling of home; cozy and comfortable
homicidal	adj.	characteristic of or capable of or having a tendency toward killing another human being
homicide	n.	the killing of a human being by another human being
homier	adj.	having a feeling of home; cozy and comfortable
homiest	adj.	having a feeling of home; cozy and comfortable
homiletic	adj.	of the nature of a homily or sermon
homiletic	adj.	of or relating to homiletics
homily	n.	a sermon on a moral or religious topic
hominid	n.	a primate of the family Hominidae
hominid	adj.	characterizing the family Hominidae, which includes Homo sapiens as well as extinct species of manlike creatures
hominoid	n.	a primate of the superfamily Hominoidea
hominy	n.	hulled corn with the bran and germ removed
homo	n.	someone who practices homosexuality; having a sexual attraction to persons of the same sex
homo	n.	any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage
homoerotic	adj.	of or concerning homosexual love
homogeneity	n.	the quality of being similar or comparable in kind or nature
homogeneity	n.	the quality of being of uniform throughout in composition or structure
homogeneous	adj.	all of the same or similar kind or nature
homogenization	n.	the act of making something homogeneous or uniform in composition
homogenize	v.	cause to become equal or homogeneous as by mixing
homogenize	v.	break up the fat globules of
homogenize	v.	become homogeneous or similar, as by mixing
homograph	n.	two words are homographs if they are spelled the same way but differ in meaning (e.g. fair)
homographs	n.	two words are homographs if they are spelled the same way but differ in meaning (e.g. fair)
homologous	adj.	having the same evolutionary origin but not necessarily the same function
homologous	adj.	corresponding or similar in position or structure or function or characteristics; especially derived from an organism of the same species
homology	n.	the quality of being similar or corresponding in position or value or structure or function
homonym	n.	two words are homonyms if they are pronounced or spelled the same way but have different meanings
homophobia	n.	prejudice against (fear or dislike of) homosexual people and homosexuality
homophobic	adj.	prejudiced against homosexual people
homophone	n.	two words are homophones if they are pronounced the same way but differ in meaning or spelling or both (e.g. bare and bear)
homosexual	n.	someone who practices homosexuality; having a sexual attraction to persons of the same sex
homosexual	adj.	sexually attracted to members of your own sex
homosexuality	n.	a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the same sex
honcho	n.	a person who exercises control over workers
honduran	n.	a native or inhabitant of Honduras
honduran	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Honduras or its people
honduras	n.	a republic in Central America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821; an early center of Mayan culture
hone	n.	a whetstone made of fine gritstone; used for sharpening razors
hone	v.	sharpen with a hone
hone	v.	make perfect or complete
honest	adj.	not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent
honest	adj.	without dissimulation; frank
honest	adj.	worthy of being depended on
honest	adj.	without pretensions
honest	adj.	marked by truth
honest	adj.	not forged
honest	adj.	gained or earned without cheating or stealing
honester	adj.	not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent
honester	adj.	without dissimulation; frank
honester	adj.	worthy of being depended on
honester	adj.	without pretensions
honester	adj.	marked by truth
honester	adj.	not forged
honester	adj.	gained or earned without cheating or stealing
honesty	n.	the quality of being honest
honesty	n.	southeastern European plant cultivated for its fragrant purplish flowers and round flat papery silver-white seedpods that are used for indoor decoration
honey	n.	a sweet yellow liquid produced by bees
honey	n.	a beloved person; used as terms of endearment
honey	v.	sweeten with honey
honey	adj.	of something having the color of honey
honeybee	n.	social bee often domesticated for the honey it produces
honeycomb	n.	a structure of small hexagonal cells constructed from beeswax by bees and used to store honey and larvae
honeycomb	n.	a framework of hexagonal cells resembling the honeycomb built by bees
honeycomb	v.	carve a honeycomb pattern into
honeycomb	v.	penetrate thoroughly and into every part
honeycomb	v.	make full of cavities, like a honeycomb
honeydew	n.	the fruit of a variety of winter melon vine; a large smooth greenish-white melon with pale green flesh
honeymoon	n.	a holiday taken by a newly married couple
honeymoon	n.	the early (usually calm and harmonious) period of a relationship; business or political
honeymoon	v.	spend a holiday after one's marriage
honeymooner	n.	someone recently married
honeypot	n.	South African shrub whose flowers when open are cup-shaped resembling artichokes
honeysuckle	n.	shrub or vine of the genus Lonicera
honeysuckle	n.	shrubby tree with silky foliage and spikes of cylindrical yellow nectarous flowers
honeysuckle	n.	columbine of eastern North America having long-spurred red flowers
honiara	n.	national capital of Solomon Islands
honk	n.	the cry of a goose (or any sound resembling this)
honk	v.	make a loud noise
honk	v.	use the horn of a car
honk	v.	cry like a goose
honk	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
honker	n.	a driver who causes his car's horn to make a loud honking sound
honker	n.	informal terms for the nose
honker	n.	common greyish-brown wild goose of North America with a loud, trumpeting call
honky	n.	(slang) offensive names for a White man
honolulu	n.	the capital and largest city of Hawaii; located on a large bay on the island of Oahu
honor	n.	a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction
honor	n.	the state of being honored
honor	n.	the quality of being honorable and having a good name
honor	n.	a woman's virtue or chastity
honor	v.	bestow honor or rewards upon
honor	v.	show respect towards
honor	v.	accept as pay
honorable	adj.	not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent
honorable	adj.	worthy of being honored; entitled to honor and respect
honorable	adj.	adhering to ethical and moral principles
honorable	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
honorableness	n.	the quality of deserving honor or respect; characterized by honor
honorably	adv.	in an honorable manner
honorably	adv.	with honor
honorarium	n.	a fee paid for a nominally free service
honorary	adj.	given as an honor without the normal duties
honoree	n.	a recipient of honors in recognition of noteworthy accomplishments
honorific	n.	an expression of respect
honorific	adj.	conferring or showing honor or respect
honshu	n.	the central and largest of the four main islands of Japan; between the Sea of Japan and the Pacific Ocean; regarded as the Japanese mainland
hooch	n.	an illicitly distilled (and usually inferior) alcoholic liquor
hood	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
hood	n.	a protective covering that is part of a plant
hood	n.	(slang) a neighborhood
hood	n.	a tubular attachment used to keep stray light out of the lens of a camera
hood	n.	(falconry) a leather covering for a hawk's head
hood	n.	metal covering leading to a vent that exhausts smoke or fumes
hood	n.	the folding roof of a carriage
hood	n.	a headdress that protects the head and face
hood	n.	protective covering consisting of a metal part that covers the engine
hood	n.	(zoology) an expandable part or marking that resembles a hood on the head or neck of an animal
hood	v.	cover with a hood
hoodlum	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
hoodoo	n.	(geology) a column of weathered and unusually shaped rock
hoodoo	n.	a practitioner of voodoo
hoodoo	n.	a charm superstitiously believed to embody magical powers
hoodoo	n.	something believed to bring bad luck
hoodoo	v.	bring bad luck; be a source of misfortune
hoodwink	v.	influence by slyness
hoodwink	v.	conceal one's true motives from especially by elaborately feigning good intentions so as to gain an end
hooey	n.	senseless talk
hoof	n.	the foot of an ungulate mammal
hoof	n.	the horny covering of the end of the foot in ungulate mammals
hoof	v.	walk
hoof	v.	dance in a professional capacity
hook	n.	a catch for locking a door
hook	n.	a sharp curve or crook; a shape resembling a hook
hook	n.	anything that serves as an enticement
hook	n.	a mechanical device that is curved or bent to suspend or hold or pull something
hook	n.	a curved or bent implement for suspending or pulling something
hook	n.	a golf shot that curves to the left for a right-handed golfer
hook	n.	a short swinging punch delivered from the side with the elbow bent
hook	n.	a basketball shot made over the head with the hand that is farther from the basket
hook	v.	fasten with a hook
hook	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
hook	v.	make a piece of needlework by interlocking and looping thread with a hooked needle
hook	v.	hit a ball and put a spin on it so that it travels to the left
hook	v.	take by theft
hook	v.	make off with belongings of others
hook	v.	hit with a hook
hook	v.	catch with a hook
hook	v.	to cause (someone or oneself) to become dependent (on something, especially a narcotic drug)
hook	v.	secure with the foot
hook	v.	entice and trap
hook	v.	approach with an offer of sexual favors
hookah	n.	an oriental tobacco pipe with a long flexible tube connected to a container where the smoke is cooled by passing through water
hookahs	n.	an oriental tobacco pipe with a long flexible tube connected to a container where the smoke is cooled by passing through water
hooke	n.	English scientist who formulated the law of elasticity and proposed a wave theory of light and formulated a theory of planetary motion and proposed the inverse square law of gravitational attraction and discovered the cellular structure of cork and introduced the term `cell' into biology and invented a balance spring for watches (1635-1703)
hooker	n.	United States general in the Union Army who was defeated at Chancellorsville by Robert E. Lee (1814-1879)
hooker	n.	English theologian (1554-1600)
hooker	n.	a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets
hooker	n.	a golfer whose shots typically curve left (for right-handed golfers)
hooker	n.	(rugby) the player in the middle of the front row of the scrum who tries to capture the ball with the foot
hookup	n.	a device providing a connection between a power source and a user
hookup	n.	a system of components assembled together for a particular purpose
hookworm	n.	parasitic bloodsucking roundworms having hooked mouth parts to fasten to the intestinal wall of human and other hosts
hookworm	n.	infestation of the intestines by hookworms which enter the body (usually) through the skin
hooky	n.	failure to attend (especially school)
hooligan	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
hooliganism	n.	willful wanton and malicious destruction of the property of others
hoop	n.	a light curved skeleton to spread out a skirt
hoop	n.	a rigid circular band of metal or wood or other material used for holding or fastening or hanging or pulling
hoop	n.	a small arch used as croquet equipment
hoop	n.	horizontal circular metal hoop supporting a net through which players try to throw the basketball
hoop	v.	bind or fasten with a hoop
hoopla	n.	blatant or sensational promotion
hooray	n.	a victory cheer
hoosegow	n.	slang for a jail
hoosier	n.	a native or resident of Indiana
hoot	n.	a loud raucous cry (as of an owl)
hoot	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
hoot	n.	something of little value
hoot	v.	to utter a loud clamorous shout
hoot	v.	utter the characteristic sound of owls
hooter	n.	informal terms for the nose
hooter	n.	a device on an automobile for making a warning noise
hooter	n.	nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with front-facing eyes
hooters	n.	informal terms for the nose
hooters	n.	a device on an automobile for making a warning noise
hooters	n.	nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with front-facing eyes
hoover	n.	United States industrialist who manufactured vacuum cleaners (1849-1932)
hoover	n.	United States lawyer who was director of the FBI for 48 years (1895-1972)
hoover	n.	31st President of the United States; in 1929 the stock market crashed and the economy collapsed and Hoover was defeated for reelection by Franklin Roosevelt (1874-1964)
hoover	n.	a kind of vacuum cleaner
hoover	v.	clean with a vacuum cleaner
hooves	n.	the foot of an ungulate mammal
hooves	n.	the horny covering of the end of the foot in ungulate mammals
hop	n.	the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot)
hop	n.	twining perennials having cordate leaves and flowers arranged in conelike spikes; the dried flowers of this plant are used in brewing to add the characteristic bitter taste to beer
hop	n.	an informal dance where popular music is played
hop	v.	jump lightly
hop	v.	move quickly from one place to another
hop	v.	travel by means of an aircraft, bus, etc.
hop	v.	traverse as if by a short airplane trip
hop	v.	jump across
hop	v.	make a jump forward or upward
hope	n.	a specific instance of feeling hopeful
hope	n.	the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled
hope	n.	grounds for feeling hopeful about the future
hope	n.	someone (or something) on which expectations are centered
hope	n.	United States comedian (born in England) who appeared in films with Bing Crosby (1903-2003)
hope	n.	one of the three Christian virtues
hope	v.	expect and wish
hope	v.	be optimistic; be full of hope; have hopes
hope	v.	intend with some possibility of fulfilment
hopeful	n.	an ambitious and aspiring young person
hopeful	adj.	having or manifesting hope
hopeful	adj.	full or promise
hopefulness	n.	full of hope
hopefulness	n.	the feeling you have when you have hope
hopeless	adj.	without hope because there seems to be no possibility of comfort or success
hopeless	adj.	of a person unable to do something skillfully
hopeless	adj.	certain to fail
hopeless	adj.	(informal to emphasize how bad it is) beyond hope of management or reform
hopelessness	n.	the despair you feel when you have abandoned hope of comfort or success
hopi	n.	a member of the Shoshonean people of northeastern Arizona
hopi	n.	the Shoshonean language spoken by the Hopi
hopkins	n.	United States educator and theologian (1802-1887)
hopkins	n.	United States financier and philanthropist who left money to found the university and hospital that bear his name in Baltimore (1795-1873)
hopkins	n.	English poet (1844-1889)
hopkins	n.	English biochemist who did pioneering work that led to the discovery of vitamins (1861-1947)
hopkins	n.	Welsh film actor (born in 1937)
hopped	v.	jump lightly
hopped	v.	move quickly from one place to another
hopped	v.	travel by means of an aircraft, bus, etc.
hopped	v.	traverse as if by a short airplane trip
hopped	v.	jump across
hopped	v.	make a jump forward or upward
hopper	n.	funnel-shaped receptacle; contents pass by gravity into a receptacle below
hopper	n.	someone who hops
hopper	n.	a machine used for picking hops
hopper	n.	terrestrial plant-eating insect with hind legs adapted for leaping
hopper	n.	(baseball) a hit that travels along the ground
hopping	v.	jump lightly
hopping	v.	move quickly from one place to another
hopping	v.	travel by means of an aircraft, bus, etc.
hopping	v.	traverse as if by a short airplane trip
hopping	v.	jump across
hopping	v.	make a jump forward or upward
hopscotch	n.	a game in which a child tosses a stone into an area drawn on the ground and then hops through it and back to regain the stone
horace	n.	Roman lyric poet said to have influenced English poetry (65-8 BC)
horde	n.	a vast multitude
horde	n.	a nomadic community
horde	n.	a moving crowd
horehound	n.	any of various aromatic herbs of the genus Marrubium
horehound	n.	a candy that is flavored with an extract of the horehound plant
horizon	n.	the line at which the sky and Earth appear to meet
horizon	n.	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated
horizon	n.	a specific layer or stratum of soil or subsoil in a vertical cross section of land
horizon	n.	the great circle on the celestial sphere whose plane passes through the sensible horizon and the center of the Earth
horizontal	n.	something that is oriented horizontally
horizontal	adj.	parallel to or in the plane of the horizon or a base line
hormonal	adj.	of or relating to or caused by hormones
hormone	n.	the secretion of an endocrine gland that is transmitted by the blood to the tissue on which it has a specific effect
horn	n.	a noisemaker (as at parties or games) that makes a loud noise when you blow through it
horn	n.	one of the bony outgrowths on the heads of certain ungulates
horn	n.	a noise made by the driver of an automobile to give warning
horn	n.	a high pommel of a Western saddle (usually metal covered with leather)
horn	n.	a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube and a flared bell and is played by means of valves
horn	n.	any hard protuberance from the head of an organism that is similar to or suggestive of a horn
horn	n.	the material (mostly keratin) that covers the horns of ungulates and forms hooves and claws and nails
horn	n.	a device having the shape of a horn
horn	n.	an alarm device that makes a loud warning sound
horn	n.	a brass musical instrument consisting of a conical tube that is coiled into a spiral and played by means of valves
horn	n.	a device on an automobile for making a warning noise
horn	v.	stab or pierce with a horn or tusk
hornbeam	n.	any of several trees or shrubs of the genus Carpinus
hornblende	n.	a green to black mineral of the amphibole group; consists of silicates of calcium and sodium and magnesium and iron
horne	n.	United States operatic mezzo-soprano (born 1934)
horne	n.	United States singer and actress (born in 1917)
hornet	n.	large stinging paper wasp
hornless	adj.	having no horns
hornlike	adj.	made of horn (or of a substance resembling horn)
hornpipe	n.	a British solo dance performed by sailors
hornpipe	n.	music for dancing the hornpipe
hornpipe	n.	an ancient (now obsolete) single-reed woodwind; usually made of bone
horny	adj.	feeling great sexual desire
horny	adj.	having horns or hornlike projections
horny	adj.	made of horn (or of a substance resembling horn)
horologist	n.	someone who makes or repairs watches
horology	n.	the art of designing and making clocks
horoscope	n.	a prediction of someone's future based on the relative positions of the planets
horoscope	n.	a diagram of the positions of the planets and signs of the zodiac at a particular time and place
horowitz	n.	Russian concert pianist who was a leading international virtuoso (1904-1989)
horrendous	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
horrible	adj.	provoking horror; ; ; ; - Winston Churchill
horribly	adv.	of a dreadful kind
horrid	adj.	exceedingly bad
horrid	adj.	grossly offensive to decency or morality; causing horror
horrific	adj.	grossly offensive to decency or morality; causing horror
horrific	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
horrify	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
horrifying	v.	fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised
horrifying	adj.	provoking horror; ; ; ; - Winston Churchill
horror	n.	intense and profound fear
horror	n.	something that inspires dislike; something horrible
horror	n.	intense aversion
horse	n.	solid-hoofed herbivorous quadruped domesticated since prehistoric times
horse	n.	a padded gymnastic apparatus on legs
horse	n.	troops trained to fight on horseback
horse	n.	a framework for holding wood that is being sawed
horse	n.	a chessman shaped to resemble the head of a horse; can move two squares horizontally and one vertically (or vice versa)
horse	v.	provide with a horse or horses
horseback	n.	the back of a horse
horseback	n.	a narrow ridge of hills
horseback	adv.	on the back of a horse
horsebox	n.	a conveyance (railroad car or trailer) for transporting racehorses
horseflesh	n.	the flesh of horses as food
horsefly	n.	winged fly parasitic on horses
horsefly	n.	large swift fly the female of which sucks blood of various animals
horsehair	n.	hair taken from the mane or tail of a horse
horsehair	n.	a fabric made from fibers taken from the mane or tail of horses; used for upholstery
horsehide	n.	leather from the hide of a horse
horselaugh	n.	a loud laugh that sounds like a horse neighing
horselaughs	n.	a loud laugh that sounds like a horse neighing
horseman	n.	a man skilled in equitation
horseman	n.	a person who breeds and cares for horses
horsemanship	n.	skill in handling and riding horses
horsemen	n.	a man skilled in equitation
horsemen	n.	a person who breeds and cares for horses
horseplay	n.	rowdy or boisterous play
horsepower	n.	a unit of power equal to 746 watts
horseradish	n.	the root of the horseradish plant; it is grated or ground and used for seasoning
horseradish	n.	coarse Eurasian plant cultivated for its thick white pungent root
horseradish	n.	grated horseradish root
horseshit	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
horseshoe	n.	game equipment consisting of an open ring of iron used in playing horseshoes
horseshoe	n.	U-shaped plate nailed to underside of horse's hoof
horseshoe	v.	equip (a horse) with a horseshoe or horseshoes
horseshoeing	v.	equip (a horse) with a horseshoe or horseshoes
horsetail	n.	perennial rushlike flowerless herbs with jointed hollow stems and narrow toothlike leaves that spread by creeping rhizomes; tend to become weedy; common in northern hemisphere; some in Africa and South America
horsewhip	n.	a whip for controlling horses
horsewhip	v.	whip with a whip intended for horses
horsewhipped	v.	whip with a whip intended for horses
horsewhipping	n.	the act of whipping with a horsewhip
horsewhipping	v.	whip with a whip intended for horses
horsewoman	n.	a woman horseman
horsewomen	n.	a woman horseman
hortatory	adj.	giving strong encouragement
horticultural	adj.	of or relating to the cultivation of plants
horticulture	n.	the cultivation of plants
horticulturist	n.	an expert in the science of cultivating plants (fruit or flowers or vegetables or ornamental plants)
horus	n.	Egyptian solar god with the head of a falcon; the son of Osiris and Isis
hosanna	n.	a cry of praise or adoration (to God)
hose	n.	socks and stockings and tights collectively (the British include underwear)
hose	n.	man's close-fitting garment of the 16th and 17th centuries covering the legs and reaching up to the waist; worn with a doublet
hose	n.	a flexible pipe for conveying a liquid or gas
hose	v.	water with a hose
hosea	n.	a minor Hebrew prophet (8th century BC)
hosea	n.	an Old Testament book telling Hosea's prophecies
hosepipe	n.	a flexible pipe for conveying a liquid or gas
hosier	n.	a tradesman who sells hosiery and (in England) knitwear
hosiery	n.	socks and stockings and tights collectively (the British include underwear)
hospice	n.	a lodging for travelers (especially one kept by a monastic order)
hospice	n.	a program of medical and emotional care for the terminally ill
hospitable	adj.	favorable to life and growth
hospitable	adj.	disposed to treat guests and strangers with cordiality and generosity
hospitable	adj.	having an open mind
hospitably	adv.	in a hospitable manner
hospital	n.	a health facility where patients receive treatment
hospital	n.	a medical institution where sick or injured people are given medical or surgical care
hospitality	n.	kindness in welcoming guests or strangers
hospitalization	n.	a period of time when you are confined to a hospital
hospitalization	n.	the condition of being treated as a patient in a hospital
hospitalization	n.	insurance that pays all or part of a patient's hospital expense
hospitalization	n.	placing in medical care in a hospital
hospitalize	v.	admit into a hospital
host	n.	a person who invites guests to a social event (such as a party in his or her own home) and who is responsible for them while they are there
host	n.	a vast multitude
host	n.	an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association
host	n.	a person who acts as host at formal occasions (makes an introductory speech and introduces other speakers)
host	n.	archaic terms for army
host	n.	any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event
host	n.	(medicine) recipient of transplanted tissue or organ from a donor
host	n.	the owner or manager of an inn
host	n.	a technical name for the bread used in the service of Mass or Holy Communion
host	n.	(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network
host	v.	be the host of or for
hostage	n.	a prisoner who is held by one party to insure that another party will meet specified terms
hostel	n.	a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers
hostel	n.	inexpensive supervised lodging (especially for youths on bicycling trips)
hostelry	n.	a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers
hostess	n.	a woman host
hostess	n.	a woman innkeeper
hostess	n.	a woman steward on an airplane
hostile	n.	troops belonging to the enemy's military forces
hostile	adj.	characterized by enmity or ill will
hostile	adj.	not belonging to your own country's forces or those of an ally
hostile	adj.	impossible to bring into friendly accord
hostile	adj.	very unfavorable to life or growth
hostile	adj.	unsolicited and resisted by the management of the target company ( used of attempts to buy or take control of a business)
hostilities	n.	fighting; acts of overt warfare
hostilities	n.	a hostile (very unfriendly) disposition
hostilities	n.	a state of deep-seated ill-will
hostilities	n.	the feeling of a hostile person
hostilities	n.	violent action that is hostile and usually unprovoked
hostility	n.	a hostile (very unfriendly) disposition
hostility	n.	a state of deep-seated ill-will
hostility	n.	the feeling of a hostile person
hostility	n.	violent action that is hostile and usually unprovoked
hostler	n.	someone employed in a stable to take care of the horses
hot	adj.	used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning
hot	adj.	characterized by violent and forceful activity or movement; very intense
hot	adj.	extended meanings; especially of psychological heat; marked by intensity or vehemence especially of passion or enthusiasm
hot	adj.	(color) bold and intense
hot	adj.	sexually excited or exciting
hot	adj.	recently stolen or smuggled
hot	adj.	very fast; capable of quick response and great speed
hot	adj.	wanted by the police
hot	adj.	producing a burning sensation on the taste nerves
hot	adj.	performed or performing with unusually great skill and daring and energy
hot	adj.	very popular or successful
hot	adj.	very unpleasant or even dangerous
hot	adj.	newest or most recent
hot	adj.	having or bringing unusually good luck
hot	adj.	very good; often used in the negative
hot	adj.	newly made
hot	adj.	having or showing great eagerness or enthusiasm
hot	adj.	of a seeker; very near to the object sought
hot	adj.	having or dealing with dangerously high levels of radioactivity
hot	adj.	charged or energized with electricity
hot	adj.	marked by excited activity
hotbed	n.	a situation that is ideal for rapid development (especially of something bad)
hotbed	n.	a bed of earth covered with glass and heated by rotting manure to promote the growth of plants
hotbox	n.	a journal bearing (as of a railroad car) that has overheated
hotcake	n.	a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle
hotel	n.	a building where travelers can pay for lodging and meals and other services
hotelier	n.	an owner or manager of hotels
hotfoot	n.	a practical joke that involves inserting a match surreptitiously between the sole and upper of the victim's shoe and then lighting it
hotfoot	v.	move fast
hotfoot	adv.	without delay; speedily; - Francis Hackett
hothead	n.	a belligerent grouch
hothead	n.	a reckless impetuous irresponsible person
hotheaded	adj.	quickly aroused to anger
hotheaded	adj.	characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; ; ; ; ; (`brainish' is archaic)
hothouse	n.	a greenhouse in which plants are arranged in a pleasing manner
hotness	n.	the presence of heat
hotness	n.	a state of sexual arousal
hotness	n.	a hot spiciness
hotplate	n.	a portable electric appliance for heating or cooking or keeping food warm
hotpot	n.	a stew of meat and potatoes cooked in a tightly covered pot
hotshot	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
hottentot	n.	any of the Khoisan languages spoken by the pastoral people of Namibia and South Africa
hotter	adj.	used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning
hotter	adj.	characterized by violent and forceful activity or movement; very intense
hotter	adj.	extended meanings; especially of psychological heat; marked by intensity or vehemence especially of passion or enthusiasm
hotter	adj.	(color) bold and intense
hotter	adj.	sexually excited or exciting
hotter	adj.	recently stolen or smuggled
hotter	adj.	very fast; capable of quick response and great speed
hotter	adj.	wanted by the police
hotter	adj.	producing a burning sensation on the taste nerves
hotter	adj.	performed or performing with unusually great skill and daring and energy
hotter	adj.	very popular or successful
hotter	adj.	very unpleasant or even dangerous
hotter	adj.	newest or most recent
hotter	adj.	having or bringing unusually good luck
hotter	adj.	very good; often used in the negative
hotter	adj.	newly made
hotter	adj.	having or showing great eagerness or enthusiasm
hotter	adj.	of a seeker; very near to the object sought
hotter	adj.	having or dealing with dangerously high levels of radioactivity
hotter	adj.	charged or energized with electricity
hotter	adj.	marked by excited activity
hottest	adj.	used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or giving off heat or feeling or causing a sensation of heat or burning
hottest	adj.	characterized by violent and forceful activity or movement; very intense
hottest	adj.	extended meanings; especially of psychological heat; marked by intensity or vehemence especially of passion or enthusiasm
hottest	adj.	(color) bold and intense
hottest	adj.	sexually excited or exciting
hottest	adj.	recently stolen or smuggled
hottest	adj.	very fast; capable of quick response and great speed
hottest	adj.	wanted by the police
hottest	adj.	producing a burning sensation on the taste nerves
hottest	adj.	performed or performing with unusually great skill and daring and energy
hottest	adj.	very popular or successful
hottest	adj.	very unpleasant or even dangerous
hottest	adj.	newest or most recent
hottest	adj.	having or bringing unusually good luck
hottest	adj.	very good; often used in the negative
hottest	adj.	newly made
hottest	adj.	having or showing great eagerness or enthusiasm
hottest	adj.	of a seeker; very near to the object sought
hottest	adj.	having or dealing with dangerously high levels of radioactivity
hottest	adj.	charged or energized with electricity
hottest	adj.	marked by excited activity
houdini	n.	United States magician (born in Hungary) famous for his ability to escape from chains or handcuffs or straitjackets or padlocked containers (1874-1926)
hound	n.	any of several breeds of dog used for hunting typically having large drooping ears
hound	n.	someone who is morally reprehensible
hound	v.	pursue or chase relentlessly
hour	n.	a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day
hour	n.	clock time
hour	n.	a special and memorable period
hour	n.	distance measured by the time taken to cover it
hourglass	n.	a sandglass that runs for sixty minutes
houri	n.	a voluptuously beautiful young woman
houri	n.	(Islam) one of the dark-eyed virgins of perfect beauty believed to live with the blessed in Paradise
house	n.	a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families
house	n.	the members of a business organization that owns or operates one or more establishments
house	n.	the members of a religious community living together
house	n.	the audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema
house	n.	an official assembly having legislative powers
house	n.	aristocratic family line
house	n.	play in which children take the roles of father or mother or children and pretend to interact like adults
house	n.	(astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided
house	n.	the management of a gambling house or casino
house	n.	a social unit living together
house	n.	a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be presented
house	n.	a building in which something is sheltered or located
house	v.	contain or cover
house	v.	provide housing for
houseboat	n.	a barge that is designed and equipped for use as a dwelling
housebound	adj.	confined usually by illness
housebreak	v.	train (a pet) to live cleanly in a house
housebreaker	n.	a burglar who unlawfully breaks into and enters another person's house
housebreaker	n.	a wrecker of houses
housebreaking	n.	trespassing for an unlawful purpose; illegal entrance into premises with criminal intent
housebreaking	v.	train (a pet) to live cleanly in a house
housebroken	adj.	(of pets) trained to urinate and defecate outside or in a special place
houseclean	v.	clean and tidy up the house
housecleaning	n.	(figurative) the act of reforming by the removal of unwanted personnel or practices or conditions
housecleaning	n.	the act of cleaning the rooms and furnishings of a house
housecleaning	v.	clean and tidy up the house
housecoat	n.	a loose dressing gown for women
housefly	n.	common fly that frequents human habitations and spreads many diseases
houseful	n.	as many as a house will accommodate
household	n.	a social unit living together
householder	n.	someone who owns a home
househusband	n.	a husband who keeps house while his wife earns the family income
housekeeper	n.	a servant who is employed to perform domestic task in a household
housekeeping	n.	the work of cleaning and running a house
housekeeping	v.	maintain a household; take care of all business related to a household
houselights	n.	lights that illuminate the audience's part of a theater or other auditorium
housemaid	n.	a female domestic
houseman	n.	an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining supervised practical experience (`houseman' is a British term)
housemaster	n.	teacher in charge of a school boardinghouse
housemate	n.	someone who resides in the same house with you
housemen	n.	an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining supervised practical experience (`houseman' is a British term)
housemother	n.	a woman employed as a chaperon in a residence for young people
houseplant	n.	any of a variety of plants grown indoors for decorative purposes
houseroom	n.	space for accommodation in a house
housetop	n.	the roof of a house
housewarming	n.	a party of people assembled to celebrate moving into a new home
housewife	n.	a wife who manages a household while her husband earns the family income
housewives	n.	a wife who manages a household while her husband earns the family income
housework	n.	the work of cleaning and running a house
housing	n.	structures collectively in which people are housed
housing	n.	a protective cover designed to contain or support a mechanical component
housing	n.	stable gear consisting of a decorated covering for a horse, especially (formerly) for a warhorse
housing	v.	contain or cover
housing	v.	provide housing for
housman	n.	English poet (1859-1936)
houston	n.	the largest city in Texas; located in southeastern Texas near the Gulf of Mexico; site of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
houston	n.	United States politician and military leader who fought to gain independence for Texas from Mexico and to make it a part of the United States (1793-1863)
houyhnhnm	n.	one of a race of intelligent horses who ruled the Yahoos in a novel by Jonathan Swift
hove	v.	utter a sound, as with obvious effort
hove	v.	throw with great effort
hove	v.	rise and move, as in waves or billows
hove	v.	lift or elevate
hove	v.	move or cause to move in a specified way, direction, or position
hove	v.	breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted
hove	v.	bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat
hove	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
hovel	n.	small crude shelter used as a dwelling
hover	v.	be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action
hover	v.	move to and fro
hover	v.	hang in the air; fly or be suspended above
hover	v.	be suspended in the air, as if in defiance of gravity
hover	v.	hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing
hovercraft	n.	a craft capable of moving over water or land on a cushion of air created by jet engines
howard	n.	English actor of stage and screen (1893-1943)
howard	n.	Queen of England as the fifth wife of Henry VIII who was accused of adultery and executed (1520-1542)
howdah	n.	a (usually canopied) seat for riding on the back of a camel or elephant
howdahs	n.	a (usually canopied) seat for riding on the back of a camel or elephant
howdy	n.	an expression of greeting
howe	n.	United States editor (1920-1993)
howe	n.	Canadian hockey player who holds the record for playing the most games (born 1928)
howe	n.	United States feminist who was active in the women's suffrage movement (1819-1910)
howe	n.	United States inventor who built early sewing machines and won suits for patent infringement against other manufacturers (including Isaac M. Singer) (1819-1867)
howells	n.	United States writer and editor (1837-1920)
however	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
however	adv.	by contrast; on the other hand
however	adv.	to whatever degree or extent
however	adv.	in whatever way or manner
howitzer	n.	a muzzle-loading high-angle gun with a short barrel that fires shells at high elevations for a short range
howl	n.	a long loud emotional utterance
howl	n.	the long plaintive cry of a hound or a wolf
howl	n.	a loud sustained noise resembling the cry of a hound
howl	v.	emit long loud cries
howl	v.	cry loudly, as of animals
howl	v.	make a loud noise, as of wind, water, or vehicles
howl	v.	laugh unrestrainedly and heartily
howler	n.	a joke that seems extremely funny
howler	n.	monkey of tropical South American forests having a loud howling cry
howler	n.	a glaring blunder
hoyden	n.	a girl who behaves in a boyish manner
hoydenish	adj.	used of girls; wild and boisterous
hoyle	n.	an English astrophysicist and advocate of the steady state theory of cosmology; described processes of nucleosynthesis inside stars (1915-2001)
hoyle	n.	English writer on card games (1672-1769)
hp	n.	a unit of power equal to 746 watts
hq	n.	the military installation from which a commander performs the functions of command
hr	n.	a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day
hs	n.	a radioactive transuranic element
hs	n.	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe
hs	n.	a unit of inductance in which an induced electromotive force of one volt is produced when the current is varied at the rate of one ampere per second
hs	n.	the constant of proportionality relating the energy of a photon to its frequency; approximately 6.626 x 10^-34 joule-second
hs	n.	the 8th letter of the Roman alphabet
hs	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity equal to the internal energy of a system plus the product of its volume and pressure
html	n.	a set of tags and rules (conforming to SGML) for using them in developing hypertext documents
http	n.	a protocol (utilizing TCP) to transfer hypertext requests and information between servers and browsers
huarache	n.	a sandal with flat heels and an upper of woven leather straps
hub	n.	the central part of a car wheel (or fan or propeller etc) through which the shaft or axle passes
hub	n.	a center of activity or interest or commerce or transportation; a focal point around which events revolve
hubbard	n.	a United States writer of science fiction and founder of Scientology (1911-1986)
hubbard	n.	a mountain peak in southeastern Alaska that is part of the Coast Range (14,950 feet high)
hubble	n.	United States astronomer who discovered that (as the universe expands) the speed with which nebulae recede increases with their distance from the observer (1889-1953)
hubbub	n.	loud confused noise from many sources
hubby	n.	a married man; a woman's partner in marriage
hubcap	n.	cap that fits over the hub of a wheel
hubris	n.	overbearing pride or presumption
huck	n.	toweling consisting of coarse absorbent cotton or linen fabric
huckleberry	n.	any of various dark-fruited as distinguished from blue-fruited blueberries
huckleberry	n.	any of several shrubs of the genus Gaylussacia bearing small berries resembling blueberries
huckleberry	n.	blue-black berry similar to blueberries and bilberries of the eastern United States
huckster	n.	a seller of shoddy goods
huckster	n.	a person who writes radio or tv advertisements
huckster	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
huckster	v.	wrangle (over a price, terms of an agreement, etc.)
hud	n.	the United States federal department that administers federal programs dealing with better housing and urban renewal; created in 1965
huddle	n.	(informal) a quick private conference
huddle	n.	a disorganized and densely packed crowd
huddle	v.	crowd or draw together
huddle	v.	crouch or curl up
hudson	n.	a New York river; flows southward into New York Bay; explored by Henry Hudson early in the 17th century
hudson	n.	English naturalist (born in Argentina) (1841-1922)
hudson	n.	English navigator who discovered the Hudson River; in 1610 he attempted to winter in Hudson Bay but his crew mutinied and set him adrift to die (1565-1611)
hue	n.	the quality of a color as determined by its dominant wavelength
hue	v.	take on color or become colored
hue	v.	suffuse with color
huff	n.	a state of irritation or annoyance
huff	v.	inhale recreational drugs
huff	v.	blow hard and loudly
huffily	adv.	in a huffy manner
huffiness	n.	a passing state of anger and resentment
huffy	adj.	quick to take offense
huffy	adj.	roused to anger; - Mark Twain
hug	n.	a tight or amorous embrace
hug	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
hug	v.	fit closely or tightly
huge	adj.	unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.R.Inge
hugged	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
hugged	v.	fit closely or tightly
hugging	n.	affectionate play (or foreplay without contact with the genital organs)
hugging	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
hugging	v.	fit closely or tightly
huggins	n.	English astronomer who pioneered spectroscopic analysis in astronomy and who discovered the red shift (1824-1910)
hughes	n.	English poet (born in 1930)
hughes	n.	United States writer (1902-1967)
hughes	n.	United States industrialist who was an aviator and a film producer; during the last years of his life he was a total recluse (1905-1976)
hughes	n.	United States jurist who served as chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1862-1948)
hugo	n.	French poet and novelist and dramatist; leader of the romantic movement in France (1802-1885)
huguenot	n.	a French Calvinist of the 16th or 17th centuries
hula	n.	a Polynesian rain dance performed by a woman
hulk	n.	a very large person; impressive in size or qualities
hulk	n.	a ship that has been wrecked and abandoned
hulk	v.	appear very large or occupy a commanding position
hull	n.	dry outer covering of a fruit or seed or nut
hull	n.	persistent enlarged calyx at base of e.g. a strawberry or raspberry
hull	n.	United States naval officer who commanded the `Constitution' during the War of 1812 and won a series of brilliant victories against the British (1773-1843)
hull	n.	United States diplomat who did the groundwork for creating the United Nations (1871-1955)
hull	n.	a large fishing port in northeastern England
hull	n.	the frame or body of ship
hull	v.	remove the hulls from
hullabaloo	n.	disturbance usually in protest
hum	n.	the state of being or appearing to be actively engaged in an activity
hum	n.	an Islamic fundamentalist group in Pakistan that fought the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s; now operates as a terrorist organization primarily in Kashmir and seeks Kashmir's accession by Pakistan
hum	n.	a humming noise
hum	v.	sing with closed lips
hum	v.	be noisy with activity
hum	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
hum	v.	make a low continuous sound
human	n.	any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage
human	adj.	characteristic of humanity
human	adj.	relating to a person
human	adj.	having human form or attributes as opposed to those of animals or divine beings
humane	adj.	pertaining to or concerned with the humanities
humane	adj.	marked or motivated by concern with the alleviation of suffering
humane	adj.	showing evidence of moral and intellectual advancement
humaneness	n.	the quality of compassion or consideration for others (people or animals)
humanism	n.	the doctrine that people's duty is to promote human welfare
humanism	n.	the doctrine emphasizing a person's capacity for self-realization through reason; rejects religion and the supernatural
humanism	n.	the cultural movement of the Renaissance; based on classical studies
humanist	n.	a classical scholar or student of the liberal arts
humanist	n.	an advocate of the principles of humanism; someone concerned with the interests and welfare of humans
humanist	adj.	of or pertaining to Renaissance humanism
humanist	adj.	of or pertaining to a philosophy asserting human dignity and man's capacity for fulfillment through reason and scientific method and often rejecting religion; - Wendell Thomas
humanist	adj.	pertaining to or concerned with the humanities
humanist	adj.	marked by humanistic values and devotion to human welfare
humanistic	adj.	of or pertaining to a philosophy asserting human dignity and man's capacity for fulfillment through reason and scientific method and often rejecting religion; - Wendell Thomas
humanistic	adj.	of or pertaining to Renaissance humanism
humanistic	adj.	pertaining to or concerned with the humanities
humanistic	adj.	marked by humanistic values and devotion to human welfare
humanitarian	n.	someone devoted to the promotion of human welfare and to social reforms
humanitarian	n.	an advocate of the principles of humanism; someone concerned with the interests and welfare of humans
humanitarian	adj.	marked by humanistic values and devotion to human welfare
humanitarian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of humanitarianism
humanitarianism	n.	the doctrine that people's duty is to promote human welfare
humanities	n.	studies intended to provide general knowledge and intellectual skills (rather than occupational or professional skills)
humanities	n.	the quality of being humane
humanities	n.	the quality of being human
humanities	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
humanity	n.	the quality of being humane
humanity	n.	the quality of being human
humanity	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
humanization	n.	the act of making more human
humanize	v.	make more humane
humankind	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
humanness	n.	the quality of being human
humanoid	n.	an automaton that resembles a human being
humble	v.	cause to be unpretentious
humble	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
humble	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
humble	adj.	marked by meekness or modesty; not arrogant or prideful; ; - B.K.Malinowski
humble	adj.	used of unskilled work (especially domestic work)
humble	adj.	of low birth or station (`base' is archaic in this sense)
humbleness	n.	the state of being humble and unimportant
humbleness	n.	a humble feeling
humbleness	n.	a disposition to be humble; a lack of false pride
humbler	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
humbler	adj.	marked by meekness or modesty; not arrogant or prideful; ; - B.K.Malinowski
humbler	adj.	used of unskilled work (especially domestic work)
humbler	adj.	of low birth or station (`base' is archaic in this sense)
humbly	adv.	in a humble manner
humbly	adv.	in a miserly manner
humboldt	n.	German philologist noted for his studies of the relation between language and culture (1767-1835)
humboldt	n.	German naturalist who explored Central and South America and provided a comprehensive description of the physical universe (1769-1859)
humbug	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
humbug	n.	communication (written or spoken) intended to deceive
humbug	n.	something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to gain an advantage
humbug	v.	trick or deceive
humbugged	v.	trick or deceive
humbugging	v.	trick or deceive
humdinger	n.	someone of remarkable excellence
humdrum	n.	the quality of wearisome constancy, routine, and lack of variety
humdrum	adj.	not challenging; dull and lacking excitement
humdrum	adj.	tediously repetitious or lacking in variety
hume	n.	Scottish philosopher whose sceptical philosophy restricted human knowledge to that which can be perceived by the senses (1711-1776)
humeri	n.	bone extending from the shoulder to the elbow
humerus	n.	bone extending from the shoulder to the elbow
humid	adj.	containing or characterized by a great deal of water vapor
humidify	v.	make (more) humid
humidity	n.	wetness in the atmosphere
humiliate	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
humiliating	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
humiliating	adj.	causing awareness of your shortcomings
humiliation	n.	state of disgrace or loss of self-respect
humiliation	n.	strong feelings of embarrassment
humiliation	n.	an instance in which you are caused to lose your prestige or self-respect
humiliation	n.	depriving one of self-esteem
humility	n.	a disposition to be humble; a lack of false pride
humility	n.	a humble feeling
hummed	v.	sing with closed lips
hummed	v.	be noisy with activity
hummed	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
hummed	v.	make a low continuous sound
hummer	n.	a singer who produces a tune without opening the lips or forming words
hummer	n.	(baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity
humming	n.	a humming noise
humming	n.	the act of singing with closed lips
humming	v.	sing with closed lips
humming	v.	be noisy with activity
humming	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
humming	v.	make a low continuous sound
hummingbird	n.	tiny American bird having brilliant iridescent plumage and long slender bills; wings are specialized for vibrating flight
hummock	n.	a small natural hill
hummus	n.	a thick spread made from mashed chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice and garlic; used especially as a dip for pita; originated in the Middle East
humongous	adj.	(used informally) very large
humor	n.	a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
humor	n.	the trait of appreciating (and being able to express) the humorous
humor	n.	a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling
humor	n.	the quality of being funny
humor	n.	(Middle Ages) one of the four fluids in the body whose balance was believed to determine your emotional and physical state
humor	n.	the liquid parts of the body
humor	v.	put into a good mood
humorist	n.	someone who acts speaks or writes in an amusing way
humorless	adj.	lacking humor; - Truman Capote
humorous	adj.	full of or characterized by humor
humorousness	n.	the trait of merry joking
hump	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
hump	v.	round one's back by bending forward and drawing the shoulders forward
hump	v.	have sexual intercourse with
humpback	n.	an abnormal backward curve to the vertebral column
humpback	n.	a person whose back is hunched because of abnormal curvature of the upper spine
humpback	n.	large whalebone whale with long flippers noted for arching or humping its back as it dives
humus	n.	partially decomposed organic matter; the organic component of soil
humus	n.	a thick spread made from mashed chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice and garlic; used especially as a dip for pita; originated in the Middle East
humvee	n.	a high mobility, multipurpose, military vehicle with four-wheel drive
hun	n.	a member of a nomadic people who invaded Europe in the 4th century
hun	n.	offensive term for a person of German descent
hunan	n.	a province in southeastern central China between the Nan Ling mountains and the Chang Jiang; noted for its timber and valuable mineral resources
hunch	n.	an impression that something might be the case
hunch	n.	the act of bending yourself into a humped position
hunch	v.	round one's back by bending forward and drawing the shoulders forward
hunchback	n.	an abnormal backward curve to the vertebral column
hunchback	n.	a person whose back is hunched because of abnormal curvature of the upper spine
hundred	n.	ten 10s
hundred	adj.	being ten more than ninety
hundredfold	adv.	by a factor of one hundred
hundredth	n.	position 100 in a countable series of things
hundredth	n.	one part in a hundred equal parts
hundredth	adj.	the ordinal number of one hundred in counting order
hundredths	n.	position 100 in a countable series of things
hundredths	n.	one part in a hundred equal parts
hundredweight	n.	a unit of weight equal to 100 kilograms
hundredweight	n.	a United States unit of weight equivalent to 100 pounds
hundredweight	n.	a British unit of weight equivalent to 112 pounds
hung	v.	be suspended or hanging
hung	v.	cause to be hanging or suspended
hung	v.	kill by hanging
hung	v.	let drop or droop
hung	v.	fall or flow in a certain way
hung	v.	be menacing, burdensome, or oppressive
hung	v.	give heed (to)
hung	v.	be suspended or poised
hung	v.	hold on tightly or tenaciously
hung	v.	be exhibited
hung	v.	prevent from reaching a verdict, of a jury
hung	v.	decorate or furnish with something suspended
hung	v.	be placed in position as by a hinge
hung	v.	place in position as by a hinge so as to allow free movement in one direction
hung	v.	suspend (meat) in order to get a gamey taste
hungarian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Hungary
hungarian	n.	the official language of Hungary (also spoken in Rumania); belongs to the Ugric family of languages
hungarian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Hungary
hungary	n.	a republic in central Europe
hunger	n.	a physiological need for food; the consequence of food deprivation
hunger	n.	strong desire for something (not food or drink)
hunger	v.	feel the need to eat
hunger	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
hunger	v.	be hungry; go without food
hungrily	adv.	in the manner of someone who is very hungry
hungriness	n.	a physiological need for food; the consequence of food deprivation
hungriness	n.	prolonged unfulfilled desire or need
hungriness	n.	strong desire for something (not food or drink)
hungry	adj.	feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food
hungry	adj.	(usually followed by `for') extremely desirous
hunk	n.	a well-built sexually attractive man
hunk	n.	a large piece of something without definite shape
hunker	v.	sit on one's heels
hunt	n.	Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910)
hunt	n.	United States architect (1827-1895)
hunt	n.	British writer who defended the Romanticism of Keats and Shelley (1784-1859)
hunt	n.	an association of huntsmen who hunt for sport
hunt	n.	an instance of searching for something
hunt	n.	the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone
hunt	n.	the work of finding and killing or capturing animals for food or pelts
hunt	n.	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport
hunt	v.	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals)
hunt	v.	pursue or chase relentlessly
hunt	v.	chase away, with as with force
hunt	v.	yaw back and forth about a flight path
hunt	v.	oscillate about a desired speed, position, or state to an undesirable extent
hunt	v.	seek, search for
hunt	v.	search (an area) for prey
hunter	n.	someone who hunts game
hunter	n.	a person who searches for something
hunter	n.	a constellation on the equator to the east of Taurus; contains Betelgeuse and Rigel
hunter	n.	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal
hunting	n.	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport
hunting	n.	the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone
hunting	n.	the work of finding and killing or capturing animals for food or pelts
hunting	v.	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals)
hunting	v.	pursue or chase relentlessly
hunting	v.	chase away, with as with force
hunting	v.	yaw back and forth about a flight path
hunting	v.	oscillate about a desired speed, position, or state to an undesirable extent
hunting	v.	seek, search for
hunting	v.	search (an area) for prey
huntington	n.	United States physician who first described Huntington's chorea
huntington	n.	American revolutionary leader who signed the Declaration of Independence and was president of the Continental Congress (1731-1796)
huntington	n.	United States railroad executive who built the western section of the first United States transcontinental railroad (1821-1900)
huntington	n.	a city of western West Virginia on the Ohio river at the mouth of the Kanawha
huntress	n.	a woman hunter
huntsman	n.	someone who hunts game
huntsmen	n.	someone who hunts game
huntsville	n.	a city in northern Alabama; center for space research
hurdle	n.	a light movable barrier that competitors must leap over in certain races
hurdle	n.	an obstacle that you are expected to overcome
hurdle	n.	the act of jumping over an obstacle
hurdle	v.	jump a hurdle
hurdler	n.	an athlete who runs the hurdles
hurdling	n.	a footrace in which contestants must negotiate a series of hurdles
hurdling	v.	jump a hurdle
hurl	n.	a violent throw
hurl	v.	throw forcefully
hurl	v.	make a thrusting forward movement
hurl	v.	utter with force; utter vehemently
hurler	n.	(baseball) the person who does the pitching
hurling	n.	a traditional Irish game resembling hockey; played by two teams of 15 players each
hurling	v.	throw forcefully
hurling	v.	make a thrusting forward movement
hurling	v.	utter with force; utter vehemently
huron	n.	the 2nd largest of the Great Lakes
hurrah	n.	a victory cheer
hurrah	v.	shout `hurrah!'
hurrahs	n.	a victory cheer
hurrahs	v.	shout `hurrah!'
hurricane	n.	a severe tropical cyclone usually with heavy rains and winds moving a 73-136 knots (12 on the Beaufort scale)
hurried	v.	move very fast
hurried	v.	act or move at high speed
hurried	v.	urge to an unnatural speed
hurried	adj.	moving rapidly or performed quickly or in great haste
hurry	n.	a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry
hurry	n.	overly eager speed (and possible carelessness)
hurry	n.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner
hurry	v.	move very fast
hurry	v.	act or move at high speed
hurry	v.	urge to an unnatural speed
hurt	n.	any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc.
hurt	n.	psychological suffering
hurt	n.	feelings of mental or physical pain
hurt	n.	a damage or loss
hurt	n.	the act of damaging something or someone
hurt	v.	be the source of pain
hurt	v.	give trouble or pain to
hurt	v.	cause emotional anguish or make miserable
hurt	v.	cause damage or affect negatively
hurt	v.	hurt the feelings of
hurt	v.	feel physical pain
hurt	v.	feel pain or be in pain
hurt	adj.	suffering from physical injury especially that suffered in battle
hurt	adj.	damaged inanimate objects or their value
hurtful	adj.	causing hurt
hurtful	adj.	harmful to living things
hurtle	v.	move with or as if with a rushing sound
hurtle	v.	make a thrusting forward movement
hurtle	v.	throw forcefully
hus	n.	Czechoslovakian religious reformer who anticipated the Reformation; he questioned the infallibility of the Catholic Church was excommunicated (1409) for attacking the corruption of the clergy; he was burned at the stake (1372-1415)
husband	n.	a married man; a woman's partner in marriage
husband	v.	use cautiously and frugally
husbandman	n.	a person who operates a farm
husbandmen	n.	a person who operates a farm
husbandry	n.	the practice of cultivating the land or raising stock
hush	n.	(poetic) tranquil silence
hush	v.	become quiet or still; fall silent
hush	v.	cause to be quiet or not talk
hush	v.	become quiet or quieter
hush	v.	wash by removing particles
hush	v.	run water over the ground to erode (soil), revealing the underlying strata and valuable minerals
husk	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
husk	n.	outer membranous covering of some fruits or seeds
husk	v.	remove the husks from
huskily	adv.	in a hoarse or husky voice
huskiness	n.	the property of being big and strong
huskiness	n.	a throaty harshness
husky	n.	breed of heavy-coated Arctic sled dog
husky	adj.	muscular and heavily built
husky	adj.	deep and harsh sounding as if from shouting or illness or emotion; ; ; ; - Virgil Thomson
hussar	n.	a member of a European light cavalry unit; renowned for elegant dress
hussein	n.	Iraqi leader who waged war against Iran; his invasion of Kuwait led to the Gulf War (born in 1937)
hussein	n.	king of Jordan credited with creating stability at home and seeking peace with Israel (1935-1999)
husserl	n.	German philosopher who developed phenomenology (1859-1938)
hussite	n.	an adherent of the religious reforms of John Huss
hussy	n.	a woman adulterer
hustings	n.	the activities involved in political campaigning (especially speech making)
hustle	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
hustle	n.	a rapid active commotion
hustle	v.	cause to move furtively and hurriedly
hustle	v.	move or cause to move energetically or busily
hustle	v.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity
hustle	v.	get by trying hard
hustle	v.	pressure or urge someone into an action
hustler	n.	a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets
hustler	n.	a shrewd or unscrupulous person who knows how to circumvent difficulties
huston	n.	United States film maker born in the United States but an Irish citizen after 1964 (1906-1987)
hut	n.	temporary military shelter
hut	n.	small crude shelter used as a dwelling
hutch	n.	a cage (usually made of wood and wire mesh) for small animals
hutch	n.	small crude shelter used as a dwelling
hutchinson	n.	American colonist (born in England) who was banished from Boston for her religious views (1591-1643)
hutton	n.	English cricketer (1916-1990)
hutton	n.	Scottish geologist who described the processes that have shaped the surface of the earth (1726-1797)
hutu	n.	a member of a Bantu people living in Rwanda and Burundi
huxley	n.	English physiologist who, with Alan Hodgkin, discovered the role of potassium and sodium ions in the transmission of the nerve impulse (born in 1917)
huxley	n.	English writer; grandson of Thomas Huxley who is remembered mainly for his depiction of a scientifically controlled utopia (1894-1963)
huxley	n.	English biologist and a leading exponent of Darwin's theory of evolution (1825-1895)
huygens	n.	Dutch physicist who first formulated the wave theory of light (1629-1695)
hyacinth	n.	a red transparent variety of zircon used as a gemstone
hyacinth	n.	any of numerous bulbous perennial herbs
hyacinths	n.	a red transparent variety of zircon used as a gemstone
hyacinths	n.	any of numerous bulbous perennial herbs
hyades	n.	(Greek mythology) 7 daughters of Atlas and half-sisters of the Pleiades; they nurtured the infant Dionysus and Zeus placed them among the stars as a reward
hybrid	n.	a word that is composed of parts from different languages (e.g., `monolingual' has a Greek prefix and a Latin root)
hybrid	n.	a composite of mixed origin
hybrid	n.	(genetics) an organism that is the offspring of genetically dissimilar parents or stock; especially offspring produced by breeding plants or animals of different varieties or breeds or species
hybrid	adj.	produced by crossbreeding
hybridization	n.	(genetics) the act of mixing different species or varieties of animals or plants and thus to produce hybrids
hybridize	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
hyderabad	n.	a city in southern Pakistan on the Indus River
hyderabad	n.	a city in south central India in Andhra Pradesh
hydra	n.	(Greek mythology) monster with nine heads; when struck off each head was replaced by two new ones
hydra	n.	a long faint constellation in the southern hemisphere near the equator stretching between Virgo and Cancer
hydra	n.	trouble that cannot be overcome by a single effort because of its many aspects or its persistent and pervasive quality
hydra	n.	small tubular solitary freshwater hydrozoan polyp
hydrangea	n.	any of various deciduous or evergreen shrubs of the genus Hydrangea
hydrant	n.	a faucet for drawing water from a pipe or cask
hydrant	n.	a discharge pipe with a valve and spout at which water may be drawn from the mains of waterworks
hydrate	n.	any compound that contains water of crystallization
hydrate	v.	supply water or liquid to in order to maintain a healthy balance
hydrate	v.	become hydrated and combine with water
hydrate	v.	cause to be hydrated; add water or moisture to
hydration	n.	the process of combining with water; usually reversible
hydraulic	adj.	moved or operated or effected by liquid (water or oil)
hydraulic	adj.	of or relating to the study of hydraulics
hydraulically	adv.	in a hydraulic manner
hydraulics	n.	study of the mechanics of fluids
hydrocarbon	n.	an organic compound containing only carbon and hydrogen
hydrocephalus	n.	an abnormal condition in which cerebrospinal fluid collects in the ventricles of the brain; in infants it can cause abnormally rapid growth of the head and bulging fontanelles and a small face; in adults the symptoms are primarily neurological
hydrochloride	n.	a complex consisting of an organic base in association with hydrogen chloride
hydrocortisone	n.	an adrenal-cortex hormone (trade names Hydrocortone or Cortef) that is active in carbohydrate and protein metabolism
hydrodynamic	adj.	of or relating to hydrodynamics
hydrodynamics	n.	study of fluids in motion
hydroelectric	adj.	of or relating to or used in the production of electricity by waterpower
hydroelectricity	n.	electricity produced by water power
hydrofoil	n.	a device consisting of a flat or curved piece (as a metal plate) so that its surface reacts to the water it is passing through
hydrofoil	n.	a speedboat that is equipped with winglike structures that lift it so that it skims the water at high speeds
hydrogen	n.	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe
hydrogenate	v.	combine or treat with or expose to hydrogen; add hydrogen to the molecule of (an unsaturated organic compound)
hydrogenation	n.	a chemical process that adds hydrogen atoms to an unsaturated oil
hydrologist	n.	a geologist skilled in hydrology
hydrology	n.	the branch of geology that studies water on the earth and in the atmosphere: its distribution and uses and conservation
hydrolyses	v.	undergo hydrolysis; decompose by reacting with water
hydrolysis	n.	a chemical reaction in which water reacts with a compound to produce other compounds; involves the splitting of a bond and the addition of the hydrogen cation and the hydroxide anion from the water
hydrolyze	v.	undergo hydrolysis; decompose by reacting with water
hydrometer	n.	a measuring instrument for determining the specific gravity of a liquid or solid
hydrometry	n.	the measurement of specific gravity
hydrophilic	adj.	having a strong affinity for water; tending to dissolve in, mix with, or be wetted by water
hydrophobia	n.	a symptom of rabies in humans consisting of an aversion to swallowing liquids
hydrophobia	n.	a morbid fear of water
hydrophobia	n.	an acute viral disease of the nervous system of warm-blooded animals (usually transmitted by the bite of a rabid animal); rabies is fatal if the virus reaches the brain
hydrophobic	adj.	lacking affinity for water; tending to repel and not absorb water; tending not to dissolve in or mix with or be wetted by water
hydrophobic	adj.	abnormally afraid of water
hydroplane	n.	an airplane that can land on or take off from water
hydroplane	n.	a speedboat that is equipped with winglike structures that lift it so that it skims the water at high speeds
hydroplane	v.	glide on the water in a hydroplane
hydroponic	adj.	of or relating to aquiculture
hydroponics	n.	a technique of growing plants (without soil) in water containing dissolved nutrients
hydrosphere	n.	the watery layer of the earth's surface; includes water vapor
hydrotherapy	n.	the internal and external use of water in the treatment of disease
hydrous	adj.	containing combined water (especially water of crystallization as in a hydrate)
hydroxide	n.	a compound of an oxide with water
hydroxide	n.	a chemical compound containing the hydroxyl group
hyena	n.	doglike nocturnal mammal of Africa and southern Asia that feeds chiefly on carrion
hygiene	n.	a condition promoting sanitary practices
hygiene	n.	the science concerned with the prevention of illness and maintenance of health
hygienic	adj.	tending to promote or preserve health
hygienically	adv.	in a hygienic manner
hygienist	n.	a medical specialist in hygiene
hygrometer	n.	measuring instrument for measuring the relative humidity of the atmosphere
hymen	n.	(Greek mythology) the god of marriage
hymen	n.	a fold of tissue that partly covers the entrance to the vagina of a virgin
hymeneal	n.	a wedding hymn
hymeneal	adj.	of or relating to a wedding or marriage
hymn	n.	a song of praise (to God or to a saint or to a nation)
hymn	v.	sing a hymn
hymn	v.	praise by singing a hymn
hymnal	n.	a songbook containing a collection of hymns
hymnbook	n.	a songbook containing a collection of hymns
hype	n.	blatant or sensational promotion
hype	v.	publicize in an exaggerated and often misleading manner
hyperactive	adj.	more active than normal
hyperactivity	n.	a condition characterized by excessive restlessness and movement
hyperbola	n.	an open curve formed by a plane that cuts the base of a right circular cone
hyperbole	n.	extravagant exaggeration
hyperbolic	adj.	enlarged beyond truth or reasonableness
hyperbolic	adj.	of or relating to a hyperbola
hypercritical	adj.	inclined to judge too severely
hyperglycemia	n.	abnormally high blood sugar usually associated with diabetes
hyperion	n.	(Greek mythology) a Titan who was the son of Gaea and Uranus and the father of Helios and Selene and Eos in ancient mythology
hyperlink	n.	a link from a hypertext file to another location or file; typically activated by clicking on a highlighted word or icon at a particular location on the screen
hypermarket	n.	a huge supermarket (usually built on the outskirts of a town)
hypermedia	n.	a multimedia system in which related items of information are connected and can be presented together
hyperparathyroidism	n.	excessive secretion of parathyroid hormone resulting in abnormally high levels of calcium in the blood; can affect many systems of the body (especially causing bone resorption and osteoporosis)
hypersensitive	adj.	having an allergy or peculiar or excessive susceptibility (especially to a specific factor)
hypersensitivity	n.	pathological sensitivity
hypersensitivity	n.	extreme sensitivity
hypertension	n.	a common disorder in which blood pressure remains abnormally high (a reading of 140/90 mm Hg or greater)
hypertensive	n.	a person who has abnormally high blood pressure
hypertensive	adj.	having abnormally high blood pressure
hypertext	n.	machine-readable text that is not sequential but is organized so that related items of information are connected; --Ted Nelson
hyperthyroidism	n.	an overactive thyroid gland; pathologically excessive production of thyroid hormones or the condition resulting from excessive production of thyroid hormones
hypertrophy	n.	abnormal enlargement of a body part or organ
hypertrophy	v.	undergo hypertrophy
hyperventilate	v.	produce hyperventilation in
hyperventilate	v.	breathe excessively hard and fast
hyperventilation	n.	an increased depth and rate of breathing greater than demanded by the body needs; can cause dizziness and tingling of the fingers and toes and chest pain if continued
hyphen	n.	a punctuation mark (-) used between parts of a compound word or between the syllables of a word when the word is divided at the end of a line of text
hyphen	v.	divide or connect with a hyphen
hyphenate	v.	divide or connect with a hyphen
hyphenation	n.	division of a word especially at the end of a line on a page
hyphenation	n.	connecting syllables and words by hyphens
hypnoses	n.	a state that resembles sleep but that is induced by suggestion
hypnosis	n.	a state that resembles sleep but that is induced by suggestion
hypnotherapy	n.	the use of hypnosis in psychotherapy
hypnotic	n.	a drug that induces sleep
hypnotic	adj.	of or relating to hypnosis
hypnotic	adj.	attracting and holding interest as if by a spell
hypnotically	adv.	by means of hypnotism
hypnotism	n.	the act of inducing hypnosis
hypnotist	n.	a person who induces hypnosis
hypnotize	v.	induce hypnosis in
hypo	n.	a compound used as a fixing agent in photographic developing
hypo	n.	a piston syringe that is fitted with a hypodermic needle for giving injections
hypochondria	n.	chronic and abnormal anxiety about imaginary symptoms and ailments
hypochondria	n.	the upper region of the abdomen just below the lowest ribs on either side of the epigastrium
hypochondriac	n.	a patient with imaginary symptoms and ailments
hypochondriac	adj.	suffering from hypochondria
hypocrisy	n.	an expression of agreement that is not supported by real conviction
hypocrisy	n.	insincerity by virtue of pretending to have qualities or beliefs that you do not really have
hypocrite	n.	a person who professes beliefs and opinions that he or she does not hold in order to conceal his or her real feelings or motives
hypocritical	adj.	professing feelings or virtues one does not have
hypodermic	n.	a piston syringe that is fitted with a hypodermic needle for giving injections
hypodermic	adj.	relating to or located below the epidermis
hypoglycemia	n.	abnormally low blood sugar usually resulting from excessive insulin or a poor diet
hypoglycemic	adj.	of or relating to hypoglycemia
hypotenuse	n.	the side of a right triangle opposite the right angle
hypothalami	n.	a basal part of the diencephalon governing autonomic nervous system
hypothalamus	n.	a basal part of the diencephalon governing autonomic nervous system
hypothermia	n.	subnormal body temperature
hypotheses	n.	a proposal intended to explain certain facts or observations
hypotheses	n.	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
hypotheses	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
hypothesis	n.	a proposal intended to explain certain facts or observations
hypothesis	n.	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
hypothesis	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
hypothesize	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
hypothetical	n.	a hypothetical possibility, circumstance, statement, proposal, situation, etc.
hypothetical	adj.	based primarily on surmise rather than adequate evidence
hypothyroidism	n.	an underactive thyroid gland; a glandular disorder resulting from insufficient production of thyroid hormones
hyssop	n.	a European mint with aromatic and pungent leaves used in perfumery and as a seasoning in cookery; often cultivated as a remedy for bruises; yields hyssop oil
hyssop	n.	bitter leaves used sparingly in salads; dried flowers used in soups and tisanes
hysterectomy	n.	surgical removal of the uterus
hysteresis	n.	the lagging of an effect behind its cause; especially the phenomenon in which the magnetic induction of a ferromagnetic material lags behind the changing magnetic field
hysteria	n.	state of violent mental agitation
hysteria	n.	excessive or uncontrollable fear
hysteria	n.	neurotic disorder characterized by violent emotional outbreaks and disturbances of sensory and motor functions
hysteric	n.	a person suffering from hysteria
hysteric	adj.	characterized by or arising from psychoneurotic hysteria; - Morris Fishbein
hysterical	adj.	characterized by or arising from psychoneurotic hysteria; - Morris Fishbein
hysterical	adj.	marked by excessive or uncontrollable emotion
hysterics	n.	an attack of hysteria
hysterics	n.	a person suffering from hysteria
hz	n.	the unit of frequency; one hertz has a periodic interval of one second
i	n.	a nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; used especially in medicine and photography and in dyes; occurs naturally only in combination in small quantities (as in sea water or rocks)
i	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
i	n.	the 9th letter of the Roman alphabet
i	adj.	used of a single unit or thing; not two or more
ia	n.	a state in midwestern United States
iago	n.	the villain in William Shakespeare's tragedy who tricked Othello into murdering his wife
iamb	n.	a metrical unit with unstressed-stressed syllables
iambi	n.	a metrical unit with unstressed-stressed syllables
iambic	n.	a verse line consisting of iambs
iambic	adj.	of or consisting of iambs
iambus	n.	a metrical unit with unstressed-stressed syllables
iapetus	n.	(Greek mythology) the Titan who was father of Atlas and Epimetheus and Prometheus in ancient mythology
ibadan	n.	a large Yoruba city in southwestern Nigeria; site of a university
iberia	n.	an ancient geographical region to the south of the Caucasus Mountains that corresponded approximately to the present-day Georgia
iberia	n.	a peninsula in southwestern Europe
iberian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Iberia in the Caucasus
iberian	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Iberian Peninsula (especially in ancient times)
iberian	adj.	of or relating to the Iberian Peninsula or its inhabitants
ibex	n.	wild goat of mountain areas of Eurasia and northern Africa having large recurved horns
ibidem	adv.	in the same place (used when citing a reference)
ibis	n.	wading birds of warm regions having long slender down-curved bills
ibo	n.	a member of the largest ethnic group in southeastern Nigeria
ibsen	n.	realistic Norwegian author who wrote plays on social and political themes (1828-1906)
ibuprofen	n.	a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and analgesic medicine (trade names Advil and Motrin and Nuprin) used to relieve the pain of arthritis and as an antipyretic
icarus	n.	(Greek mythology) son of Daedalus; while escaping from Crete with his father (using the wings Daedalus had made) he flew too close to the sun and the wax melted and he fell into the Aegean and drowned
icbm	n.	a ballistic missile that is capable of traveling from one continent to another
icc	n.	a former independent federal agency that supervised and set rates for carriers that transported goods and people between states; was terminated in 1995
ice	n.	water frozen in the solid state
ice	n.	the frozen part of a body of water
ice	n.	diamonds
ice	n.	a flavored sugar topping used to coat and decorate cakes
ice	n.	a frozen dessert with fruit flavoring (especially one containing no milk)
ice	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
ice	n.	a heat engine in which combustion occurs inside the engine rather than in a separate furnace; heat expands a gas that either moves a piston or turns a gas turbine
ice	n.	a rink with a floor of ice for ice hockey or ice skating
ice	v.	decorate with frosting
ice	v.	cause to become ice or icy
ice	v.	put ice on or put on ice
iceberg	n.	a large mass of ice floating at sea; usually broken off of a polar glacier
iceberg	n.	lettuce with crisp tightly packed light-green leaves in a firm head
iceboat	n.	a ship with a reinforced bow to break up ice and keep channels open for navigation
iceboat	n.	a sailing vessel with runners and a cross-shaped frame; suitable for traveling over ice
icebound	adj.	locked in by ice
icebox	n.	white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures
icebreaker	n.	a ship with a reinforced bow to break up ice and keep channels open for navigation
icebreaker	n.	a beginning that relaxes a tense or formal atmosphere
icecap	n.	a mass of ice and snow that permanently covers a large area of land (e.g., the polar regions or a mountain peak)
iceland	n.	an island republic on the island of Iceland; became independent of Denmark in 1944
iceland	n.	a volcanic island in the North Atlantic near the Arctic Circle
icelander	n.	a native or inhabitant of Iceland
icelandic	n.	a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Iceland
icelandic	adj.	of or relating to Iceland or its people or culture and language
iceman	n.	someone who cuts and delivers ice
iceman	n.	a professional killer
icemen	n.	someone who cuts and delivers ice
icemen	n.	a professional killer
ichthyologist	n.	a zoologist who studies fishes
ichthyology	n.	the branch of zoology that studies fishes
icicle	n.	ice resembling a pendent spear, formed by the freezing of dripping water
icily	adv.	in a cold and icy manner
iciness	n.	coldness due to a cold environment
iciness	n.	a lack of affection or enthusiasm
icing	n.	the formation of frost or ice on a surface
icing	n.	a flavored sugar topping used to coat and decorate cakes
icing	n.	(ice hockey) the act of shooting the puck from within your own defensive area the length of the rink beyond the opponent's goal
icing	v.	decorate with frosting
icing	v.	cause to become ice or icy
icing	v.	put ice on or put on ice
icky	adj.	very bad
icky	adj.	soft and sticky
icon	n.	(computer science) a graphic symbol (usually a simple picture) that denotes a program or a command or a data file or a concept in a graphical user interface
icon	n.	a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface
icon	n.	a conventional religious painting in oil on a small wooden panel; venerated in the Eastern Church
iconic	adj.	relating to or having the characteristics on an icon
iconoclasm	n.	the orientation of an iconoclast
iconoclast	n.	a destroyer of images used in religious worship
iconoclast	n.	someone who attacks cherished ideas or traditional institutions
iconoclastic	adj.	characterized by attack on established beliefs or institutions
iconoclastic	adj.	destructive of images used in religious worship; said of religions, such as Islam, in which the representation of living things is prohibited
iconography	n.	the images and symbolic representations that are traditionally associated with a person or a subject
ictus	n.	a sudden occurrence (or recurrence) of a disease
icu	n.	a hospital unit staffed and equipped to provide intensive care
icy	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
icy	adj.	extremely cold
icy	adj.	covered with or containing or consisting of ice
icy	adj.	shiny and slick as with a thin coating of ice
id	n.	a state in the Rocky Mountains
id	n.	a card or badge used to identify the bearer
id	n.	(psychoanalysis) primitive instincts and energies underlying all psychic activity
ida	n.	an agency of the United Nations affiliated with the World Bank
idaho	n.	a state in the Rocky Mountains
idahoan	n.	a native or resident of Idaho
idea	n.	the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about
idea	n.	your intention; what you intend to do
idea	n.	a personal view
idea	n.	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
idea	n.	(music) melodic subject of a musical composition
ideal	n.	the idea of something that is perfect; something that one hopes to attain
ideal	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
ideal	adj.	conforming to an ultimate standard of perfection or excellence; embodying an ideal
ideal	adj.	constituting or existing only in the form of an idea or mental image or conception
ideal	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of the reality of ideas
idealism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical theory that ideas are the only reality
idealism	n.	impracticality by virtue of thinking of things in their ideal form rather than as they really are
idealism	n.	elevated ideals or conduct; the quality of believing that ideals should be pursued
idealist	n.	someone guided more by ideals than by practical considerations
idealistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of the reality of ideas
idealistic	adj.	of high moral or intellectual value; elevated in nature or style; ; - Oliver Franks
idealization	n.	a portrayal of something as ideal
idealization	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism that splits something you are ambivalent about into two representations--one good and one bad
idealization	n.	something that exists only as an idea
idealize	v.	consider or render as ideal
idealize	v.	form ideals
idempotent	adj.	unchanged in value following multiplication by itself
identical	adj.	exactly alike; incapable of being perceived as different
identical	adj.	being the exact same one; not any other:
identical	adj.	(of twins) derived from a single egg or ovum
identical	adj.	having properties with uniform values along all axes
identical	adj.	coinciding exactly when superimposed
identifiable	adj.	capable of being identified
identification	n.	the act of designating or identifying something
identification	n.	evidence of identity; something that identifies a person or thing
identification	n.	the condition of having the identity (of a person or object) established
identification	n.	the process of recognizing something or someone by remembering
identification	n.	the attribution to yourself (consciously or unconsciously) of the characteristics of another person (or group of persons)
identified	v.	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something
identified	v.	give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property
identified	v.	consider (oneself) as similar to somebody else
identified	v.	conceive of as united or associated
identified	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
identified	v.	consider to be equal or the same
identified	adj.	having the identity known or established
identify	v.	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something
identify	v.	give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property
identify	v.	consider (oneself) as similar to somebody else
identify	v.	conceive of as united or associated
identify	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
identify	v.	consider to be equal or the same
identikit	n.	a likeness of a person's face constructed from descriptions given to police; uses a set of transparencies of various facial features that can be combined to build up a picture of the person sought
identity	n.	the distinct personality of an individual regarded as a persisting entity
identity	n.	the individual characteristics by which a thing or person is recognized or known
identity	n.	an operator that leaves unchanged the element on which it operates
identity	n.	exact sameness
ideogram	n.	a graphic character that indicates the meaning of a thing without indicating the sounds used to say it
ideograph	n.	a graphic character that indicates the meaning of a thing without indicating the sounds used to say it
ideographs	n.	a graphic character that indicates the meaning of a thing without indicating the sounds used to say it
ideological	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of an orientation that characterizes the thinking of a group or nation
ideological	adj.	concerned with or suggestive of ideas
ideologist	n.	an advocate of some ideology
ideologue	n.	an advocate of some ideology
ideology	n.	an orientation that characterizes the thinking of a group or nation
ideology	n.	imaginary or visionary theorization
ides	n.	in the Roman calendar: the 15th of March or May or July or October or the 13th of any other month
idiocy	n.	extreme mental retardation
idiom	n.	a manner of speaking that is natural to native speakers of a language
idiom	n.	the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people
idiom	n.	the style of a particular artist or school or movement
idiom	n.	an expression whose meanings cannot be inferred from the meanings of the words that make it up
idiomatic	adj.	of or relating to or conforming to idiom
idiomatically	adv.	in an idiomatic manner
idiopathic	adj.	(of diseases) arising from an unknown cause
idiosyncrasy	n.	a behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual
idiosyncratic	adj.	peculiar to the individual
idiot	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
idiotic	adj.	insanely irresponsible
idiotic	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
idiotic	adj.	having a mental age of three to seven years
idiotically	adv.	in an idiotic manner
idle	n.	the state of an engine or other mechanism that is idling
idle	v.	run disconnected or idle
idle	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
idle	adj.	not in action or at work
idle	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
idle	adj.	not in active use
idle	adj.	silly or trivial
idle	adj.	lacking a sense of restraint or responsibility
idle	adj.	not yielding a return
idle	adj.	not having a job
idleness	n.	having no employment
idleness	n.	the quality of lacking substance or value
idleness	n.	the trait of being idle out of a reluctance to work
idler	n.	person who does no work
idler	adj.	not in action or at work
idler	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
idler	adj.	not in active use
idler	adj.	silly or trivial
idler	adj.	lacking a sense of restraint or responsibility
idler	adj.	not yielding a return
idler	adj.	not having a job
idol	n.	a material effigy that is worshipped
idol	n.	someone who is adored blindly and excessively
idol	n.	an ideal instance; a perfect embodiment of a concept
idolater	n.	a person who worships idols
idolatress	n.	a woman idolater
idolatrous	adj.	relating to or practicing idolatry
idolatrous	adj.	blindly or excessively devoted or adoring
idolatry	n.	religious zeal; the willingness to serve God
idolatry	n.	the worship of idols; the worship of images that are not God
idolization	n.	the act of admiring strongly
idolization	n.	the act of worshiping blindly and to excess
idolize	v.	love unquestioningly and uncritically or to excess; venerate as an idol
idyll	n.	an episode of such pastoral or romantic charm as to qualify as the subject of a poetic idyll
idyll	n.	a musical composition that evokes rural life
idyll	n.	a short poem descriptive of rural or pastoral life
idyllic	adj.	excellent and delightful in all respects
idyllic	adj.	suggestive of an idyll; charmingly simple and serene
idyllically	adv.	in an idyllic manner
ie	n.	a commercial browser
ie	adv.	that is to say; in other words
ied	n.	an explosive device that is improvised
iffy	adj.	subject to accident or chance or change
igloo	n.	an Eskimo hut; usually built of blocks (of sod or snow) in the shape of a dome
ignatius	n.	bishop of Antioch who was martyred under the Roman Emperor Trajan (died 110)
igneous	adj.	produced under conditions involving intense heat
igneous	adj.	produced by the action of fire or intense heat
igneous	adj.	like or suggestive of fire
ignitable	adj.	capable of burning
ignite	v.	cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat
ignite	v.	start to burn or burst into flames
ignite	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
ignition	n.	the process of initiating combustion or catching fire
ignition	n.	the mechanism that ignites the fuel in an internal-combustion engine
ignition	n.	the act of setting something on fire
ignoble	adj.	completely lacking nobility in character or quality or purpose; ; - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
ignoble	adj.	not of the nobility
ignobly	adv.	in a currish manner; meanspiritedly
ignominious	adj.	(used of conduct or character) deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; - Rachel Carson
ignominy	n.	a state of dishonor
ignoramus	n.	an ignorant person
ignorance	n.	the lack of knowledge or education
ignorant	adj.	uneducated in general; lacking knowledge or sophistication
ignorant	adj.	uneducated in the fundamentals of a given art or branch of learning; lacking knowledge of a specific field
ignorant	adj.	unaware because of a lack of relevant information or knowledge
ignore	v.	refuse to acknowledge
ignore	v.	bar from attention or consideration
ignore	v.	fail to notice
ignore	v.	give little or no attention to
ignore	v.	be ignorant of or in the dark about
iguana	n.	large herbivorous tropical American arboreal lizards with a spiny crest along the back; used as human food in Central America and South America
iguassu	n.	a large waterfall on the border between Argentina and Brazil
ii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one or a numeral representing this number
ii	adj.	being one more than one
iii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
iii	adj.	being one more than two
ijsselmeer	n.	a shallow lake in northwestern Netherlands created in 1932 by building a dam across the entrance to the Zuider Zee
ike	n.	United States general who supervised the invasion of Normandy and the defeat of Nazi Germany; 34th President of the United States (1890-1961)
il	n.	a midwestern state in north-central United States
il	adj.	being nine more than forty
ileitis	n.	inflammation of the ileum
ileum	n.	the part of the small intestine between the jejunum and the cecum
ilia	n.	an ancient city in Asia Minor that was the site of the Trojan War
ilia	n.	the upper and widest of the three bones making up the hipbone
iliad	n.	a Greek epic poem (attributed to Homer) describing the siege of Troy
ilium	n.	an ancient city in Asia Minor that was the site of the Trojan War
ilium	n.	the upper and widest of the three bones making up the hipbone
ilk	n.	a kind of person
ill	n.	an often persistent bodily disorder or disease; a cause for complaining
ill	adj.	affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function
ill	adj.	resulting in suffering or adversity
ill	adj.	distressing
ill	adj.	indicating hostility or enmity
ill	adj.	presaging ill fortune; ; ; - P.B.Shelley
ill	adv.	(`ill' is often used as a combining form) in a poor or improper or unsatisfactory manner; not well
ill	adv.	unfavorably or with disapproval
ill	adv.	with difficulty or inconvenience; scarcely or hardly
illegal	adj.	prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules
illegality	n.	unlawfulness by virtue of violating some legal statute
illegibility	n.	the quality of writing (print or handwriting) that cannot be deciphered
illegible	adj.	(of handwriting, print, etc.) not legible
illegibly	adv.	in an illegible manner
illegitimacy	n.	the status of being born to parents who were not married
illegitimacy	n.	unlawfulness by virtue of not being authorized by or in accordance with law
illegitimate	n.	the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents
illegitimate	adj.	contrary to or forbidden by law
illegitimate	adj.	of marriages and offspring; not recognized as lawful
illiberal	adj.	narrow-minded about cherished opinions
illiberality	n.	a disposition not to be liberal (generous) with money
illicit	adj.	contrary to accepted morality (especially sexual morality) or convention
illicit	adj.	contrary to or forbidden by law
illicitness	n.	the quality of not conforming strictly to law
illimitable	adj.	without limits in extent or size or quantity
illinois	n.	a midwestern state in north-central United States
illinois	n.	a member of the Algonquian people formerly of Illinois and regions to the west
illinois	n.	the Algonquian language of the Illinois and Miami
illinoisan	n.	a native or resident of Illinois
illiteracy	n.	ignorance resulting from not reading
illiteracy	n.	an inability to read
illiterate	n.	a person unable to read
illiterate	adj.	not able to read or write
illiterate	adj.	uneducated in the fundamentals of a given art or branch of learning; lacking knowledge of a specific field
illiterate	adj.	lacking culture, especially in language and literature
illness	n.	impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organism
illogical	adj.	lacking in correct logical relation
illogical	adj.	lacking orderly continuity
illogicality	n.	invalid or incorrect reasoning
illuminate	v.	make lighter or brighter
illuminate	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
illuminate	v.	add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts)
illuminating	v.	make lighter or brighter
illuminating	v.	make free from confusion or ambiguity; make clear
illuminating	v.	add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts)
illuminating	adj.	tending to increase knowledge or dissipate ignorance
illumination	n.	a condition of spiritual awareness; divine illumination
illumination	n.	the degree of visibility of your environment
illumination	n.	an interpretation that removes obstacles to understanding
illumination	n.	the luminous flux incident on a unit area
illumination	n.	painting or drawing included in a book (especially in illuminated medieval manuscripts)
illumine	v.	make lighter or brighter
illusion	n.	an erroneous mental representation
illusion	n.	something many people believe that is false
illusion	n.	the act of deluding; deception by creating illusory ideas
illusion	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
illusionist	n.	a person with unusual powers of foresight
illusionist	n.	someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience
illusory	adj.	based on or having the nature of an illusion
illustrate	v.	clarify by giving an example of
illustrate	v.	depict with an illustration
illustrate	v.	supply with illustrations
illustration	n.	artwork that helps make something clear or attractive
illustration	n.	showing by example
illustration	n.	an item of information that is typical of a class or group
illustration	n.	a visual representation (a picture or diagram) that is used make some subject more pleasing or easier to understand
illustrative	adj.	clarifying by use of examples
illustrative	adj.	serving to demonstrate
illustrator	n.	an artist who makes illustrations (for books or magazines or advertisements etc.)
illustrious	adj.	widely known and esteemed
illustrious	adj.	having or conferring glory
illustriousness	n.	the property possessed by something or someone of outstanding importance or eminence
image	n.	an iconic mental representation
image	n.	(Jungian psychology) a personal facade that one presents to the world
image	n.	a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface
image	n.	a standard or typical example
image	n.	language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense
image	n.	someone who closely resembles a famous person (especially an actor)
image	n.	(mathematics) the set of values of the dependent variable for which a function is defined
image	n.	the general impression that something (a person or organization or product) presents to the public
image	n.	a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture)
image	v.	render visible, as by means of MRI
image	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
imagery	n.	the ability to form mental images of things or events
imaginable	adj.	capable of being imagined
imaginary	n.	(mathematics) a number of the form a+bi where a and b are real numbers and i is the square root of -1
imaginary	adj.	not based on fact; unreal; - F.D.Roosevelt
imagination	n.	the formation of a mental image of something that is not perceived as real and is not present to the senses
imagination	n.	the ability to form mental images of things or events
imagination	n.	the ability to deal resourcefully with unusual problems
imaginative	adj.	(used of persons or artifacts) marked by independence and creativity in thought or action; ; - Lewis Mumford
imagine	v.	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case
imagine	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
imago	n.	(psychoanalysis) an idealized image of someone (usually a parent) formed in childhood
imago	n.	an adult insect produced after metamorphosis
imagoes	n.	(psychoanalysis) an idealized image of someone (usually a parent) formed in childhood
imagoes	n.	an adult insect produced after metamorphosis
imam	n.	(Islam) the man who leads prayers in a mosque; for Shiites an imam is a recognized authority on Islamic theology and law and a spiritual guide
imbalance	n.	a lack of balance or state of disequilibrium
imbalance	n.	(mathematics) a lack of symmetry
imbecile	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
imbecile	adj.	having a mental age of three to seven years
imbecilic	adj.	having a mental age of three to seven years
imbecility	n.	retardation more severe than a moron but not as severe as an idiot
imbecility	n.	a stupid mistake
imbibe	v.	take in, also metaphorically
imbibe	v.	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution
imbibe	v.	take in liquids
imbibe	v.	receive into the mind and retain
imbiber	n.	a person who drinks alcoholic beverages (especially to excess)
imbrication	n.	covering with a design in which one element covers a part of another (as with tiles or shingles)
imbroglio	n.	an intricate and confusing interpersonal or political situation
imbroglio	n.	a very embarrassing misunderstanding
imbue	v.	spread or diffuse through
imbue	v.	fill, soak, or imbue totally
imbue	v.	suffuse with color
imf	n.	a United Nations agency to promote trade by increasing the exchange stability of the major currencies
imitate	v.	reproduce someone's behavior or looks
imitate	v.	appear like, as in behavior or appearance
imitate	v.	make a reproduction or copy of
imitation	n.	the doctrine that representations of nature or human behavior should be accurate imitations
imitation	n.	something copied or derived from an original
imitation	n.	copying (or trying to copy) the actions of someone else
imitation	n.	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect
imitation	adj.	not genuine or real; being an imitation of the genuine article
imitative	adj.	marked by or given to imitation
imitative	adj.	(of words) formed in imitation of a natural sound; ; - Harry Hoijer
imitative	adj.	not genuine; imitating something superior
imitator	n.	someone who (fraudulently) assumes the appearance of another
imitator	n.	someone who copies the words or behavior of another
immaculate	adj.	completely neat and clean
immaculate	adj.	free from stain or blemish
immaculate	adj.	without fault or error
immaculateness	n.	the state of being spotlessly clean
immanence	n.	the state of being within or not going beyond a given domain
immanency	n.	the state of being within or not going beyond a given domain
immanent	adj.	of a mental act performed entirely within the mind
immanent	adj.	of qualities that are spread throughout something
immaterial	adj.	of no importance or relevance especially to a law case
immaterial	adj.	without material form or substance
immaterial	adj.	not consisting of matter
immaterial	adj.	not pertinent to the matter under consideration
immaterial	adj.	(often followed by `to') lacking importance; not mattering one way or the other
immateriality	n.	complete irrelevance requiring no further consideration
immateriality	n.	the quality of not being physical; not consisting of matter
immature	adj.	characteristic of a lack of maturity
immature	adj.	(used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth
immature	adj.	not fully developed or mature; not ripe
immature	adj.	not yet mature
immature	adj.	(of birds) not yet having developed feathers
immaturity	n.	not having reached maturity
immeasurable	adj.	impossible to measure
immeasurable	adj.	beyond calculation or measure
immeasurably	adv.	to an immeasurable degree; beyond measurement
immeasurably	adv.	without bounds
immediacies	n.	lack of an intervening or mediating agency
immediacies	n.	immediate intuitive awareness
immediacies	n.	the quickness of action or occurrence
immediacy	n.	lack of an intervening or mediating agency
immediacy	n.	immediate intuitive awareness
immediacy	n.	the quickness of action or occurrence
immediate	adj.	of the present time and place
immediate	adj.	very close or connected in space or time
immediate	adj.	having no intervening medium
immediate	adj.	immediately before or after as in a chain of cause and effect
immediate	adj.	performed with little or no delay
immediateness	n.	the quickness of action or occurrence
immediateness	n.	lack of an intervening or mediating agency
immemorial	adj.	long past; beyond the limits of memory or tradition or recorded history
immense	adj.	unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.R.Inge
immensity	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
immerse	v.	thrust or throw into
immerse	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
immerse	v.	enclose or envelop completely, as if by swallowing
immerse	v.	cause to be immersed
immersion	n.	sinking until covered completely with water
immersion	n.	(astronomy) the disappearance of a celestial body prior to an eclipse
immersion	n.	complete attention; intense mental effort
immersion	n.	a form of baptism in which part or all of a person's body is submerged
immersion	n.	the act of wetting something by submerging it
immigrant	n.	a person who comes to a country where they were not born in order to settle there
immigrate	v.	migrate to a new environment
immigrate	v.	introduce or send as immigrants
immigrate	v.	come into a new country and change residency
immigration	n.	migration into a place (especially migration to a country of which you are not a native in order to settle there)
immigration	n.	the body of immigrants arriving during a specified interval
imminence	n.	the state of being imminent and liable to happen soon
imminent	adj.	close in time; about to occur
immobile	adj.	not capable of movement or of being moved
immobile	adj.	securely fixed in place
immobility	n.	remaining in place
immobility	n.	the quality of not moving
immobilization	n.	fixation (as by a plaster cast) of a body part in order to promote proper healing
immobilization	n.	the act of limiting movement or making incapable of movement
immobilize	v.	hold as reserve or withdraw from circulation; of capital
immobilize	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
immobilize	v.	make defenseless
immobilize	v.	convert (assets) into fixed capital
immobilize	v.	prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)
immobilize	v.	cause to be unable to move
immoderate	adj.	beyond reasonable limits
immodest	adj.	having or showing an exaggerated opinion of your importance, ability, etc
immodest	adj.	offending against sexual mores in conduct or appearance
immodesty	n.	the trait of being vain and conceited
immodesty	n.	the perverse act of exposing and attracting attention to your own genitals
immolate	v.	offer as a sacrifice by killing or by giving up to destruction
immolation	n.	killing or offering as a sacrifice
immoral	adj.	deliberately violating accepted principles of right and wrong
immoral	adj.	not adhering to ethical or moral principles
immorality	n.	the quality of not being in accord with standards of right or good conduct
immorality	n.	morally objectionable behavior
immortal	n.	a person (such as an author) of enduring fame
immortal	n.	any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or some aspect of life or who is the personification of a force
immortal	adj.	not subject to death
immortality	n.	the quality or state of being immortal
immortality	n.	perpetual life after death
immortalize	v.	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
immortalize	v.	make famous forever
immovability	n.	not capable of being moved or rearranged
immovable	n.	property consisting of houses and land
immovable	adj.	not able or intended to be moved
immovably	adv.	so as to be incapable of moving
immune	n.	a person who is immune to a particular infection
immune	adj.	relating to the condition of immunity
immune	adj.	secure against
immune	adj.	relating to or conferring immunity (to disease or infection)
immune	adj.	(usually followed by `to') not affected by a given influence
immunity	n.	the state of not being susceptible
immunity	n.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease
immunity	n.	the quality of being unaffected by something
immunity	n.	an act exempting someone
immunization	n.	the act of making immune (especially by inoculation)
immunize	v.	law: grant immunity from prosecution
immunize	v.	perform vaccinations or produce immunity in by inoculation
immunodeficiency	n.	immunological disorder in which some part of the body's immune system is inadequate and resistance to infectious diseases is reduced
immunodeficient	adj.	incapable of developing an immune response following exposure to an antigen
immunoglobulin	n.	a class of proteins produced in lymph tissue in vertebrates and that function as antibodies in the immune response
immunologic	adj.	of or relating to immunology
immunological	adj.	of or relating to immunology
immunologist	n.	a medical scientist who specializes in immunology
immunology	n.	the branch of medical science that studies the body's immune system
immure	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
immutability	n.	the quality of being incapable of mutation
immutable	adj.	not subject or susceptible to change or variation in form or quality or nature
immutably	adv.	in an unalterable and unchangeable manner
imo	n.	the United Nations agency concerned with international maritime activities
imp	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
imp	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
impact	n.	the striking of one body against another
impact	n.	a forceful consequence; a strong effect
impact	n.	influencing strongly
impact	n.	the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat
impact	v.	press or wedge together; pack together
impact	v.	have an effect upon
impair	v.	make worse or less effective
impair	v.	make imperfect
impaired	v.	make worse or less effective
impaired	v.	make imperfect
impaired	adj.	diminished in strength, quality, or utility
impaired	adj.	mentally or physically unfit
impairment	n.	the occurrence of a change for the worse
impairment	n.	a symptom of reduced quality or strength
impairment	n.	the condition of being unable to perform as a consequence of physical or mental unfitness
impairment	n.	damage that results in a reduction of strength or quality
impairment	n.	the act of making something futile and useless (as by routine)
impala	n.	African antelope with ridged curved horns; moves with enormous leaps
impale	v.	pierce with a sharp stake or point
impale	v.	kill by piercing with a spear or sharp pole
impalement	n.	the act of piercing with a sharpened stake as a form of punishment or torture
impalpable	adj.	incapable of being perceived by the senses especially the sense of touch; - James Jeans
impalpable	adj.	imperceptible to the senses or the mind
impalpable	adj.	not perceptible to the touch
impalpably	adv.	not substantially; lacking substantial expression or fullness
impanel	v.	enter into a list of prospective jurors
impanel	v.	select from a list
impart	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
impart	v.	bestow a quality on
impart	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
impartial	adj.	showing lack of favoritism
impartial	adj.	free from undue bias or preconceived opinions
impartiality	n.	an inclination to weigh both views or opinions equally
impasse	n.	a situation in which no progress can be made or no advancement is possible
impasse	n.	a street with only one way in or out
impassioned	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
impassive	adj.	having or revealing little emotion or sensibility; not easily aroused or excited; ; - Nordhoff & Hall; -Virginia Woolf
impassive	adj.	deliberately impassive in manner
impassiveness	n.	apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions
impassivity	n.	apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions
impasto	n.	painting that applies the pigment thickly so that brush or palette knife marks are visible
impatience	n.	a lack of patience; irritation with anything that causes delay
impatience	n.	a restless desire for change and excitement
impatience	n.	a dislike of anything that causes delay
impatient	adj.	restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition
impatient	adj.	(usually followed by `to') full of eagerness
impeach	v.	challenge the honesty or veracity of
impeach	v.	charge (a public official) with an offense or misdemeanor committed while in office
impeach	v.	bring an accusation against; level a charge against
impeachment	n.	a formal document charging a public official with misconduct in office
impeccability	n.	the quality of being without an error or fault
impeccability	n.	the quality of being exempt from sin or incapable of sinning
impeccable	adj.	without fault or error
impeccable	adj.	not capable of sin
impeccably	adv.	flawlessly
impecunious	adj.	not having enough money to pay for necessities
impecuniousness	n.	a state of lacking money
impedance	n.	a material's opposition to the flow of electric current; measured in ohms
impede	v.	be a hindrance or obstacle to
impede	v.	block passage through
impeded	v.	be a hindrance or obstacle to
impeded	v.	block passage through
impeded	adj.	made difficult or slow
impediment	n.	something immaterial that interferes with or delays action or progress
impediment	n.	any structure that makes progress difficult
impedimenta	n.	any structure that makes progress difficult
impedimenta	n.	the baggage and equipment carried by an army
impel	v.	urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate
impel	v.	cause to move forward with force
impelled	v.	urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate
impelled	v.	cause to move forward with force
impelled	adj.	urged or forced to action through moral pressure
impeller	n.	the blade of a rotor (as in the compressor of a jet engine)
impelling	v.	urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate
impelling	v.	cause to move forward with force
impelling	adj.	markedly effective as if by emotional pressure
impend	v.	be imminent or about to happen
impenetrability	n.	the quality of being impenetrable (by people or light or missiles etc.)
impenetrability	n.	incomprehensibility by virtue of being too dense to understand
impenetrable	adj.	not admitting of penetration or passage into or through
impenetrable	adj.	permitting little if any light to pass through because of denseness of matter
impenetrable	adj.	impossible to understand
impenitence	n.	the trait of refusing to repent
impenitent	adj.	not penitent or remorseful
impenitent	adj.	impervious to moral persuasion
imperative	n.	a mood that expresses an intention to influence the listener's behavior
imperative	n.	some duty that is essential and urgent
imperative	adj.	requiring attention or action
imperative	adj.	relating to verbs in the imperative mood
imperceptibility	n.	the property of being imperceptible by the mind or the senses
imperceptible	adj.	impossible or difficult to perceive by the mind or senses
imperceptibly	adv.	in an imperceptible manner or to an imperceptible degree
imperfect	n.	a tense of verbs used in describing action that is on-going
imperfect	adj.	not perfect; defective or inadequate
imperfect	adj.	wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of man as opposed to e.g. divine beings
imperfection	n.	the state or an instance of being imperfect
imperfectness	n.	the state or an instance of being imperfect
imperial	n.	a small tufted beard worn by Emperor Napoleon III
imperial	n.	a piece of luggage carried on top of a coach
imperial	adj.	relating to or associated with an empire
imperial	adj.	of or belonging to the British Imperial System of weights and measures
imperial	adj.	befitting or belonging to an emperor or empress
imperial	adj.	belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler
imperialism	n.	a policy of extending your rule over foreign countries
imperialism	n.	a political orientation that advocates imperial interests
imperialism	n.	any instance of aggressive extension of authority
imperialist	n.	a believer in imperialism
imperialist	adj.	of or relating to imperialism
imperialistic	adj.	of or relating to imperialism
imperil	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
imperious	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
imperiousness	n.	the trait of being imperious and overbearing
imperishable	adj.	not perishable
imperishable	adj.	unceasing
impermanence	n.	the property of not existing for indefinitely long durations
impermanent	adj.	not permanent; not lasting; - James Thurber
impermanent	adj.	existing or enduring for a limited time only
impermeability	n.	the property of something that cannot be pervaded by a liquid
impermeable	adj.	preventing especially liquids to pass or diffuse through
impermissible	adj.	not permitted
impermissible	adj.	not allowable
impersonal	adj.	not relating to or responsive to individual persons
impersonal	adj.	having no personal preference
impersonate	v.	assume or act the character of
impersonate	v.	represent another person with comic intentions
impersonate	v.	pretend to be someone you are not; sometimes with fraudulent intentions
impersonation	n.	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect
impersonation	n.	pretending to be another person
impersonation	n.	imitating the mannerisms of another person
impersonator	n.	someone who (fraudulently) assumes the appearance of another
impertinence	n.	an impudent statement
impertinence	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
impertinence	n.	inappropriate playfulness
impertinent	adj.	characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality
impertinent	adj.	not pertinent to the matter under consideration
impertinent	adj.	improperly forward or bold
imperturbability	n.	calm and unruffled self-assurance
imperturbable	adj.	not easily perturbed or excited or upset; marked by extreme calm and composure
impervious	adj.	not admitting of passage or capable of being affected
impetigo	n.	a very contagious infection of the skin; common in children; localized redness develops into small blisters that gradually crust and erode
impetuosity	n.	rash impulsiveness
impetuous	adj.	characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; ; ; ; ; (`brainish' is archaic)
impetuous	adj.	marked by violent force
impetuousness	n.	rash impulsiveness
impetus	n.	a force that moves something along
impetus	n.	the act of applying force suddenly
impiety	n.	unrighteousness by virtue of lacking respect for a god
impinge	v.	impinge or infringe upon
impinge	v.	advance beyond the usual limit
impingement	n.	influencing strongly
impingement	n.	a sharp collision produced by striking or dashing against something
impious	adj.	lacking piety or reverence for a god
impious	adj.	lacking due respect or dutifulness
impiousness	n.	unrighteousness by virtue of lacking respect for a god
impish	adj.	naughtily or annoyingly playful
impishness	n.	the trait of behaving like an imp
implacable	adj.	incapable of being placated
implant	n.	a prosthesis placed permanently in tissue
implant	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
implant	v.	become attached to and embedded in the uterus
implant	v.	put firmly in the mind
implantation	n.	(embryology) the organic process whereby a fertilized egg becomes implanted in the lining of the uterus of placental mammals
implantation	n.	the act of planting or setting in the ground
implantation	n.	a surgical procedure that places something in the human body
implausibility	n.	the quality of provoking disbelief
implausible	adj.	having a quality that provokes disbelief
implausible	adj.	highly imaginative but unlikely
implausibly	adv.	not easy to believe
implement	n.	instrumentation (a piece of equipment or tool) used to effect an end
implement	v.	apply in a manner consistent with its purpose or design
implement	v.	ensure observance of laws and rules
implement	v.	pursue to a conclusion or bring to a successful issue
implementation	n.	the act of accomplishing some aim or executing some order
implementation	n.	the act of implementing (providing a practical means for accomplishing something); carrying into effect
implemented	v.	apply in a manner consistent with its purpose or design
implemented	v.	ensure observance of laws and rules
implemented	v.	pursue to a conclusion or bring to a successful issue
implemented	adj.	forced or compelled or put in force
implicate	v.	bring into intimate and incriminating connection
implicate	v.	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result
implication	n.	something that is inferred (deduced or entailed or implied)
implication	n.	a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred
implication	n.	an accusation that brings into intimate and usually incriminating connection
implication	n.	a logical relation between propositions p and q of the form `if p then q'; if p is true then q cannot be false
implication	n.	a relation implicated by virtue of involvement or close connection (especially an incriminating involvement)
implicit	adj.	implied though not directly expressed; inherent in the nature of something
implicit	adj.	being without doubt or reserve
implicitness	n.	inexplicitness as a consequence of being implied or indirect
implode	v.	burst inward
implore	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
imploring	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
imploring	adj.	begging
implosion	n.	a sudden inward collapse
implosion	n.	the initial occluded phase of a stop consonant
imply	v.	express or state indirectly
imply	v.	suggest as a logically necessary consequence; in logic
imply	v.	have as a logical consequence
imply	v.	suggest that someone is guilty
imply	v.	have as a necessary feature
impolite	adj.	not polite
impoliteness	n.	a discourteous manner that ignores accepted social usage
impolitic	adj.	not politic
imponderable	n.	a factor whose effects cannot be accurately assessed
imponderable	adj.	difficult or impossible to evaluate with precision
import	n.	commodities (goods or services) bought from a foreign country
import	n.	an imported person brought from a foreign country
import	n.	the message that is intended or expressed or signified
import	n.	a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred
import	n.	having important effects or influence
import	v.	bring in from abroad
import	v.	transfer (electronic data) into a database or document
import	v.	indicate or signify
importance	n.	the quality of being important and worthy of note
importance	n.	a prominent status
important	adj.	of great significance or value
important	adj.	important in effect or meaning
important	adj.	of extreme importance; vital to the resolution of a crisis
important	adj.	having authority or ascendancy or influence
important	adj.	having or suggesting a consciousness of high position
importation	n.	the commercial activity of buying and bringing in goods from a foreign country
importation	n.	commodities (goods or services) bought from a foreign country
importer	n.	someone whose business involves importing goods from outside (especially from a foreign country)
importunate	adj.	expressing earnest entreaty
importune	v.	beg persistently and urgently
importunity	n.	insistent solicitation and entreaty
impose	v.	compel to behave in a certain way
impose	v.	impose something unpleasant
impose	v.	impose and collect
imposing	v.	compel to behave in a certain way
imposing	v.	impose something unpleasant
imposing	v.	impose and collect
imposing	adj.	impressive in appearance
imposing	adj.	used of a person's appearance or behavior; befitting an eminent person
imposingly	adv.	in an impressive manner
imposition	n.	the act of imposing something (as a tax or an embargo)
imposition	n.	an uncalled-for burden
impossibility	n.	incapability of existing or occurring
impossibility	n.	an alternative that is not available
impossible	n.	something that cannot be done
impossible	adj.	not capable of occurring or being accomplished or dealt with
impossible	adj.	totally unlikely
impossible	adj.	used of persons or their behavior
impossibly	adv.	to a degree impossible of achievement
impost	n.	money collected under a tariff
impost	n.	the lowest stone in an arch -- from which it springs
impostor	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
imposture	n.	pretending to be another person
impotence	n.	the quality of lacking strength or power; being weak and feeble
impotence	n.	an inability (usually of the male animal) to copulate
impotency	n.	the quality of lacking strength or power; being weak and feeble
impotency	n.	an inability (usually of the male animal) to copulate
impotent	adj.	lacking power or ability; - Freeman J.Dyson
impotent	adj.	(of a male) unable to copulate
impound	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
impound	v.	place or shut up in a pound
impoverish	v.	make poor
impoverish	v.	take away
impoverishment	n.	the state of having little or no money and few or no material possessions
impoverishment	n.	the act of making someone poor
impracticability	n.	the quality of not being usable
impracticable	adj.	not capable of being carried out or put into practice
impracticably	adv.	to an impracticable degree
impractical	adj.	not practical; not workable or not given to practical matters
impractical	adj.	not practical or realizable; speculative
impracticality	n.	concerned with theoretical possibilities rather than actual use
imprecate	v.	wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
imprecate	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
imprecation	n.	the act of calling down a curse that invokes evil (and usually serves as an insult)
imprecation	n.	a slanderous accusation
imprecise	adj.	not precise
impreciseness	n.	the quality of lacking precision
imprecision	n.	the quality of lacking precision
impregnability	n.	having the strength to withstand attack
impregnable	adj.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with
impregnable	adj.	capable of conceiving
impregnable	adj.	incapable of being overcome, challenged or refuted
impregnably	adv.	in an impregnable manner
impregnate	v.	fill, as with a certain quality
impregnate	v.	infuse or fill completely
impregnate	v.	fertilize and cause to grow
impregnate	v.	make pregnant
impregnation	n.	material with which something is impregnated
impregnation	n.	the process of totally saturating something with a substance
impregnation	n.	creation by the physical union of male and female gametes; of sperm and ova in an animal or pollen and ovule in a plant
impresario	n.	a sponsor who books and stages public entertainments
impress	n.	the act of coercing someone into government service
impress	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
impress	v.	impress positively
impress	v.	produce or try to produce a vivid impression of
impress	v.	mark or stamp with or as if with pressure
impress	v.	reproduce by printing
impress	v.	take (someone) against his will for compulsory service, especially on board a ship
impress	v.	dye (fabric) before it is spun
impressed	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
impressed	v.	impress positively
impressed	v.	produce or try to produce a vivid impression of
impressed	v.	mark or stamp with or as if with pressure
impressed	v.	reproduce by printing
impressed	v.	take (someone) against his will for compulsory service, especially on board a ship
impressed	v.	dye (fabric) before it is spun
impressed	adj.	deeply or markedly affected or influenced
impressible	adj.	easily impressed or influenced
impression	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
impression	n.	an outward appearance
impression	n.	a clear and telling mental image
impression	n.	a concavity in a surface produced by pressing
impression	n.	a symbol that is the result of printing or engraving
impression	n.	all the copies of a work printed at one time
impression	n.	(dentistry) an imprint of the teeth and gums in wax or plaster
impression	n.	an impressionistic portrayal of a person
impression	n.	the act of pressing one thing on or into the surface of another
impressionism	n.	a school of late 19th century French painters who pictured appearances by strokes of unmixed colors to give the impression of reflected light
impressionist	n.	a painter who follows the theories of Impressionism
impressionist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Impressionism
impressionistic	adj.	of or relating to or based on an impression rather than on facts or reasoning
impressionistic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Impressionism
impressive	adj.	making a strong or vivid impression
impressive	adj.	producing a strong effect
impressiveness	n.	splendid or imposing in size or appearance
impressiveness	n.	the quality of making a strong or vivid impression on the mind
imprimatur	n.	formal and explicit approval
imprint	n.	a distinctive influence
imprint	n.	a concavity in a surface produced by pressing
imprint	n.	an identification of a publisher; a publisher's name along with the date and address and edition that is printed at the bottom of the title page
imprint	n.	an impression produced by pressure or printing
imprint	n.	a device produced by pressure on a surface
imprint	v.	establish or impress firmly in the mind
imprint	v.	mark or stamp with or as if with pressure
imprison	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
imprison	v.	confine as if in a prison
imprisonment	n.	putting someone in prison or in jail as lawful punishment
imprisonment	n.	the state of being imprisoned
imprisonment	n.	the act of confining someone in a prison (or as if in a prison)
improbability	n.	the quality of being improbable
improbable	adj.	not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred
improbable	adj.	having a probability too low to inspire belief
improbable	adj.	too improbable to admit of belief
improbably	adv.	not easy to believe
impromptu	n.	an extemporaneous speech or remark
impromptu	n.	a short musical passage that seems to have been made spontaneously without advance preparation
impromptu	adj.	with little or no preparation or forethought
impromptu	adv.	without advance preparation
improper	adj.	not suitable or right or appropriate
improper	adj.	not conforming to legality, moral law, or social convention
improper	adj.	not appropriate for a purpose or occasion
impropriety	n.	an improper demeanor
impropriety	n.	the condition of being improper
impropriety	n.	an indecent or improper act
impropriety	n.	an act of undue intimacy
improve	v.	to make better
improve	v.	get better
improved	v.	to make better
improved	v.	get better
improved	adj.	made more desirable or valuable or profitable; especially made ready for use or marketing
improved	adj.	become or made better in quality
improved	adj.	(of land) made ready for development or agriculture by clearing of trees and brush
improvement	n.	a change for the better; progress in development
improvement	n.	the act of improving something
improvement	n.	a condition superior to an earlier condition
improvidence	n.	a lack of prudence and care by someone in the management of resources
improvident	adj.	not provident; not providing for the future
improvident	adj.	not given careful consideration
improvisation	n.	a creation spoken or written or composed extemporaneously (without prior preparation)
improvisation	n.	an unplanned expedient
improvisation	n.	a performance given extempore without planning or preparation
improvise	v.	perform without preparation
improvise	v.	manage in a makeshift way; do with whatever is at hand
imprudence	n.	a lack of caution in practical affairs
imprudent	adj.	not prudent or wise; ; - A.M.Schlesinger
imprudent	adj.	lacking wise self-restraint
impudence	n.	an impudent statement
impudence	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
impudent	adj.	marked by casual disrespect
impudent	adj.	improperly forward or bold
impugn	v.	attack as false or wrong
impulse	n.	an instinctive motive
impulse	n.	a sudden desire
impulse	n.	the electrical discharge that travels along a nerve fiber
impulse	n.	(electronics) a sharp transient wave in the normal electrical state (or a series of such transients)
impulse	n.	the act of applying force suddenly
impulse	n.	an impelling force or strength
impulsion	n.	a force that moves something along
impulsion	n.	the act of applying force suddenly
impulsive	adj.	proceeding from natural feeling or impulse without external stimulus
impulsive	adj.	without forethought
impulsive	adj.	having the power of driving or impelling
impulsive	adj.	determined by chance or impulse or whim rather than by necessity or reason
impulsive	adj.	characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; ; ; ; ; (`brainish' is archaic)
impulsiveness	n.	the trait of acting suddenly on impulse without reflection
impunity	n.	exemption from punishment or loss
impure	adj.	combined with extraneous elements
impure	adj.	(used of persons or behaviors) immoral or obscene
impure	adj.	having a physical or moral blemish so as to make impure according to dietary or ceremonial laws; ; -Leviticus 11:3
impurity	n.	worthless or dangerous material that should be removed
impurity	n.	the condition of being impure
imputation	n.	a statement attributing something dishonest (especially a criminal offense)
imputation	n.	the attribution to a source or cause
impute	v.	attribute or credit to
impute	v.	attribute (responsibility or fault) to a cause or source
imus	n.	a terrorist group of Islamic militants formed in 1996; opposes Uzbekistan's secular regime and wants to establish an Islamic state in central Asia; is a conduit for drugs from Afghanistan to central Asian countries
in	n.	a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot
in	n.	a rare soft silvery metallic element; occurs in small quantities in sphalerite
in	n.	a state in midwestern United States
in	adj.	holding office
in	adj.	directed or bound inward
in	adj.	currently fashionable
in	adv.	to or toward the inside of
inaccuracy	n.	the quality of being inaccurate and having errors
inaction	n.	the state of being inactive
inadequacy	n.	lack of an adequate quantity or number
inadequacy	n.	a lack of competence
inadequacy	n.	unsatisfactoriness by virtue of being inadequate
inadvertence	n.	an unintentional omission resulting from failure to notice something
inadvertence	n.	the trait of forgetting or ignoring your responsibilities
inadvertent	adj.	happening by chance or unexpectedly or unintentionally
inalienably	adv.	in an inalienable manner
inamorata	n.	a woman with whom you are in love or have an intimate relationship
inane	adj.	devoid of intelligence
inanimate	adj.	belonging to the class of nouns denoting nonliving things
inanimate	adj.	not endowed with life
inanimate	adj.	appearing dead; not breathing or having no perceptible pulse
inanimateness	n.	not having life
inanity	n.	total lack of meaning or ideas
inappropriate	adj.	not suitable for a particular occasion etc
inappropriate	adj.	not in keeping with what is correct or proper
inarticulate	adj.	without or deprived of the use of speech or words
inaudible	adj.	impossible to hear; imperceptible by the ear
inaugural	n.	an address delivered at an inaugural ceremony (especially by a United States president)
inaugural	n.	the ceremonial induction into a position
inaugural	adj.	occurring at or characteristic of a formal investiture or induction
inaugural	adj.	serving to set in motion
inaugurate	v.	commence officially
inaugurate	v.	open ceremoniously or dedicate formally
inaugurate	v.	be a precursor of
inauguration	n.	the act of starting a new operation or practice
inauguration	n.	the ceremonial induction into a position
inboard	adj.	located within the hull or nearest the midline of a vessel or aircraft
inbound	adj.	directed or moving inward or toward a center
inc	n.	a heterogeneous collection of groups united in their opposition to Saddam Hussein's government of Iraq; formed in 1992 it is comprised of Sunni and Shiite Arabs and Kurds who hope to build a new government
inca	n.	a ruler of the Incas (or a member of his family)
inca	n.	a member of the Quechuan people living in the Cuzco valley in Peru
inca	n.	the small group of Quechua living in the Cuzco Valley in Peru who established hegemony over their neighbors in order to create an empire that lasted from about 1100 until the Spanish conquest in the early 1530s
incandescence	n.	the phenomenon of light emission by a body as its temperature is raised
incandescence	n.	light from heat
incandescent	adj.	emitting light as a result of being heated
incandescent	adj.	characterized by ardent emotion or intensity or brilliance
incantation	n.	a ritual recitation of words or sounds believed to have a magical effect
incapacitate	v.	make unable to perform a certain action
incapacitate	v.	injure permanently
incarcerate	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
incarceration	n.	the state of being imprisoned
incarnadine	v.	make flesh-colored
incarnate	v.	make concrete and real
incarnate	v.	represent in bodily form
incarnate	adj.	possessing or existing in bodily form; - Shakespeare
incarnate	adj.	invested with a bodily form especially of a human body
incarnation	n.	a new personification of a familiar idea
incarnation	n.	(Christianity) the Christian doctrine of the union of God and man in the person of Jesus Christ
incarnation	n.	time passed in a particular bodily form
incarnation	n.	the act of attributing human characteristics to abstract ideas etc.
incendiary	n.	a criminal who illegally sets fire to property
incendiary	n.	a bomb that is designed to start fires; is most effective against flammable targets (such as fuel)
incendiary	adj.	involving deliberate burning of property
incendiary	adj.	arousing to action or rebellion
incendiary	adj.	capable of catching fire spontaneously or causing fires or burning readily
incense	n.	a substance that produces a fragrant odor when burned
incense	n.	the pleasing scent produced when incense is burned
incense	v.	perfume especially with a censer
incense	v.	make furious
incentive	n.	a positive motivational influence
incentive	n.	an additional payment (or other remuneration) to employees as a means of increasing output
inception	n.	an event that is a beginning; a first part or stage of subsequent events
incessant	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
incest	n.	sexual intercourse between persons too closely related to marry (as between a parent and a child)
incestuous	adj.	resembling incest as by excessive intimacy
incestuous	adj.	relating to or involving incest
inch	n.	a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot
inch	n.	a unit of measurement for advertising space
inch	v.	advance slowly, as if by inches
inchoate	adj.	only partly in existence; imperfectly formed
inchon	n.	a port city in western South Korea on the Yellow Sea
inchon	n.	a battle in the Korean War (1950); United States forces landed at Inchon
inchworm	n.	small hairless caterpillar having legs on only its front and rear segments; mostly larvae of moths of the family Geometridae
incidence	n.	the relative frequency of occurrence of something
incidence	n.	the striking of a light beam on a surface
incident	n.	a single distinct event
incident	n.	a public disturbance
incident	adj.	falling or striking of light rays on something
incident	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') minor or casual or subordinate in significance or nature or occurring as a chance concomitant or consequence
incidental	n.	(frequently plural) an expense not budgeted or not specified
incidental	n.	an item that is incidental
incidental	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') minor or casual or subordinate in significance or nature or occurring as a chance concomitant or consequence
incidental	adj.	not of prime or central importance; - Pubs.MLA
incidental	adj.	following or accompanying as a consequence
incinerate	v.	become reduced to ashes
incinerate	v.	cause to undergo combustion
incineration	n.	the act of burning something completely; reducing it to ashes
incinerator	n.	a furnace for incinerating (especially to dispose of refuse)
incipience	n.	beginning to exist or to be apparent
incipient	adj.	only partly in existence; imperfectly formed
incise	v.	make an incision into by carving or cutting
incision	n.	a depression scratched or carved into a surface
incision	n.	the cutting of or into body tissues or organs (especially by a surgeon as part of an operation)
incisive	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
incisive	adj.	suitable for cutting or piercing
incisiveness	n.	keenness and forcefulness of thought or expression or intellect
incisor	n.	a tooth for cutting or gnawing; located in the front of the mouth in both jaws
incitement	n.	an act of urging on or spurring on or rousing to action or instigating
incitement	n.	needed encouragement
incitement	n.	something that incites or provokes; a means of arousing or stirring to action
incitement	n.	the act of exhorting; an earnest attempt at persuasion
inciter	n.	someone who deliberately foments trouble
inclement	adj.	(of weather or climate) severe
inclement	adj.	used of persons or behavior; showing no clemency or mercy
inclination	n.	an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others
inclination	n.	(astronomy) the angle between the plane of the orbit and the plane of the ecliptic stated in degrees
inclination	n.	(geometry) the angle formed by the x-axis and a given line (measured counterclockwise from the positive half of the x-axis)
inclination	n.	(physics) the angle that a magnetic needle makes with the plane of the horizon
inclination	n.	that toward which you are inclined to feel a liking
inclination	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
inclination	n.	a characteristic likelihood of or natural disposition toward a certain condition or character or effect
inclination	n.	the act of inclining; bending forward
inclinations	n.	an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others
inclinations	n.	(astronomy) the angle between the plane of the orbit and the plane of the ecliptic stated in degrees
inclinations	n.	(geometry) the angle formed by the x-axis and a given line (measured counterclockwise from the positive half of the x-axis)
inclinations	n.	(physics) the angle that a magnetic needle makes with the plane of the horizon
inclinations	n.	that toward which you are inclined to feel a liking
inclinations	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
inclinations	n.	a characteristic likelihood of or natural disposition toward a certain condition or character or effect
inclinations	n.	the act of inclining; bending forward
incline	n.	an elevated geological formation
incline	n.	an inclined surface connecting two levels
incline	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
incline	v.	bend or turn (one's ear) towards a speaker in order to listen well
incline	v.	lower or bend (the head or upper body), as in a nod or bow
incline	v.	be at an angle
incline	v.	feel favorably disposed or willing
incline	v.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief
include	v.	have as a part, be made up out of
include	v.	consider as part of something
include	v.	add as part of something else; put in as part of a set, group, or category
include	v.	allow participation in or the right to be part of; permit to exercise the rights, functions, and responsibilities of
inclusion	n.	the state of being included
inclusion	n.	the relation of comprising something
inclusion	n.	any small intracellular body found within another (characteristic of certain diseases)
inclusion	n.	the act of including
inclusive	adj.	including much or everything; and especially including stated limits
incognito	adj.	with your identity concealed
incognito	adv.	without revealing one's identity
incombustible	adj.	not capable of igniting and burning
incommode	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
incommodious	adj.	uncomfortably or inconveniently small
incommunicado	adj.	without the means or right to communicate
incompatibility	n.	the relation between propositions that cannot both be true at the same time
incompatibility	n.	(immunology) the degree to which the body's immune system will try to reject foreign material (as transfused blood or transplanted tissue)
incompatibility	n.	the quality of being unable to exist or work in congenial combination
incompetent	n.	someone who is not competent to take effective action
incompetent	adj.	legally not qualified or sufficient
incompetent	adj.	not qualified or suited for a purpose
incompetent	adj.	showing lack of skill or aptitude
incompetent	adj.	not doing a good job
incompetent	adj.	not meeting requirements
incomplete	adj.	not complete or total; not completed
incomplete	adj.	not yet finished
inconceivability	n.	the state of being impossible to conceive
incongruous	adj.	lacking in harmony or compatibility or appropriateness
incongruousness	n.	the quality of disagreeing; being unsuitable and inappropriate
inconstant	adj.	likely to change frequently often without apparent or cogent reason; variable; ; ; - Shakespeare
incontinent	adj.	not having control over urination and defecation
incontrovertibly	adv.	in an obvious and provable manner
inconvenience	n.	an inconvenient discomfort
inconvenience	n.	a difficulty that causes anxiety
inconvenience	n.	the quality of not being useful or convenient
inconvenience	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
incorporate	v.	make into a whole or make part of a whole
incorporate	v.	include or contain; have as a component
incorporate	v.	form a corporation
incorporate	v.	unite or merge with something already in existence
incorporate	adj.	formed or united into a whole
incorporated	v.	make into a whole or make part of a whole
incorporated	v.	include or contain; have as a component
incorporated	v.	form a corporation
incorporated	v.	unite or merge with something already in existence
incorporated	adj.	formed or united into a whole
incorporated	adj.	organized and maintained as a legal corporation
incorporated	adj.	introduced into as a part of the whole
incorporation	n.	consolidating two or more things; union in (or into) one body
incorporation	n.	learning (of values or attitudes etc.) that is incorporated within yourself
incorporation	n.	including by incorporating
incorporeal	adj.	without material form or substance
incorrect	adj.	not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth
incorrect	adj.	not in accord with established usage or procedure
incorrect	adj.	(of a word or expression) not agreeing with grammatical principles
incorrect	adj.	characterized by errors; not agreeing with a model or not following established rules; ; ; the wrong side of the road"
incorrigible	adj.	impervious to correction by punishment
increasing	v.	become bigger or greater in amount
increasing	v.	make bigger or more
increasing	adj.	becoming greater or larger
increasing	adj.	music
increment	n.	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important
increment	n.	the amount by which something increases
incremental	adj.	increasing gradually by regular degrees or additions
incriminate	v.	suggest that someone is guilty
incriminate	v.	bring an accusation against; level a charge against
incrimination	n.	an accusation that you are responsible for some lapse or misdeed
incriminatory	adj.	charging or suggestive of guilt or blame
incrustation	n.	the formation of a crust
incrustation	n.	a hard outer layer that covers something
incrustation	n.	a decorative coating of contrasting material that is applied to a surface as an inlay or overlay
incubate	v.	grow under conditions that promote development
incubate	v.	sit on (eggs)
incubation	n.	maintaining something at the most favorable temperature for its development
incubation	n.	(pathology) the phase in the development of an infection between the time a pathogen enters the body and the time the first symptoms appear
incubation	n.	sitting on eggs so as to hatch them by the warmth of the body
incubator	n.	apparatus consisting of a box designed to maintain a constant temperature by the use of a thermostat; used for chicks or premature infants
incubus	n.	a male demon believed to lie on sleeping persons and to have sexual intercourse with sleeping women
incubus	n.	a situation resembling a terrifying dream
incubus	n.	someone who depresses or worries others
inculcate	v.	teach and impress by frequent repetitions or admonitions
inculcation	n.	teaching or impressing upon the mind by frequent instruction or repetition
inculpate	v.	suggest that someone is guilty
incumbency	n.	the term during which some position is held
incumbency	n.	a duty that is incumbent upon you
incumbency	n.	the office of an incumbent
incumbent	n.	the official who holds an office
incumbent	adj.	lying or leaning on something else
incumbent	adj.	necessary (for someone) as a duty or responsibility; morally binding
incumbent	adj.	currently holding an office
incur	v.	make oneself subject to; bring upon oneself; become liable to
incur	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
incurable	n.	a person whose disease is incurable
incurable	adj.	incapable of being cured
incurable	adj.	unalterable in disposition or habits
incurably	adv.	to an incurable degree
incurably	adv.	in a manner impossible to cure
incurious	adj.	showing absence of intellectual inquisitiveness or natural curiosity
incurred	v.	make oneself subject to; bring upon oneself; become liable to
incurred	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
incurring	n.	acquiring or coming into something (usually undesirable)
incurring	v.	make oneself subject to; bring upon oneself; become liable to
incurring	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
incursion	n.	the act of entering some territory or domain (often in large numbers)
incursion	n.	an attack that penetrates into enemy territory
incursion	n.	the mistake of incurring liability or blame
indebted	adj.	owing gratitude or recognition to another for help or favors etc
indebted	adj.	under a legal obligation to someone
indebtedness	n.	an obligation to pay money to another party
indebtedness	n.	a personal relation in which one is indebted for a service or favor
indeed	adv.	in truth (often tends to intensify)
indeed	adv.	(used as an interjection) an expression of surprise or skepticism or irony etc.
indefatigable	adj.	showing sustained enthusiastic action with unflagging vitality
indefatigably	adv.	with indefatigable energy
indefeasible	adj.	not liable to being annulled or voided or undone
indelible	adj.	cannot be removed or erased
indelibly	adv.	in an indelible manner
indemnification	n.	a sum of money paid in compensation for loss or injury
indemnification	n.	an act of compensation for actual loss or damage or for trouble and annoyance
indemnify	v.	secure against future loss, damage, or liability; give security for
indemnify	v.	make amends for; pay compensation for
indemnity	n.	protection against future loss
indemnity	n.	legal exemption from liability for damages
indemnity	n.	a sum of money paid in compensation for loss or injury
indentation	n.	a concave cut into a surface or edge (as in a coastline)
indentation	n.	the formation of small pits in a surface as a consequence of corrosion
indentation	n.	the space left between the margin and the start of an indented line
indentation	n.	the act of cutting into an edge with toothlike notches or angular incisions
indention	n.	the space left between the margin and the start of an indented line
indenture	n.	a concave cut into a surface or edge (as in a coastline)
indenture	n.	formal agreement between the issuer of bonds and the bondholders as to terms of the debt
indenture	n.	a contract binding one party into the service of another for a specified term
indenture	n.	the space left between the margin and the start of an indented line
indenture	v.	bind by or as if by indentures, as of an apprentice or servant
independence	n.	freedom from control or influence of another or others
independence	n.	the successful ending of the American Revolution
independence	n.	a city in western Missouri; the beginning of the Santa Fe Trail
indescribably	adv.	to an inexpressible degree
indeterminably	adv.	in an indeterminable manner
indeterminacy	n.	the quality of being vague and poorly defined
indeterminate	adj.	not precisely determined or established; not fixed or known in advance
indeterminate	adj.	having a capacity for continuing to grow at the apex
indeterminate	adj.	of uncertain or ambiguous nature
indeterminate	adj.	not capable of being determined
indeterminate	adj.	not leading to a definite ending or result
index	n.	a numerical scale used to compare variables with one another or with some reference number
index	n.	a number or ratio (a value on a scale of measurement) derived from a series of observed facts; can reveal relative changes as a function of time
index	n.	a mathematical notation indicating the number of times a quantity is multiplied by itself
index	n.	an alphabetical listing of names and topics along with page numbers where they are discussed
index	n.	the finger next to the thumb
index	v.	list in an index
index	v.	provide with an index
index	v.	adjust through indexation
indexation	n.	a system of economic regulation: wages and interest are tied to the cost-of-living index in order to reduce the effects of inflation
indexer	n.	someone who provides an index
india	n.	a republic in the Asian subcontinent in southern Asia; second most populous country in the world; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947
indian	n.	a member of the race of people living in America when Europeans arrived
indian	n.	a native or inhabitant of India
indian	n.	any of the languages spoken by Amerindians
indian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of India or the East Indies or their peoples or languages or cultures
indian	adj.	of or pertaining to American Indians or their culture or languages
indiana	n.	a state in midwestern United States
indiana	n.	United States pop artist (born 1928)
indianan	n.	a native or resident of Indiana
indianapolis	n.	the capital and largest city of Indiana; a major commercial center in the country's heartland; site of an annual 500-mile automobile race
indicate	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
indicate	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
indicate	v.	to state or express briefly
indicate	v.	give evidence of
indicate	v.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine
indication	n.	something that serves to indicate or suggest
indication	n.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name
indication	n.	(medicine) a reason to prescribe a drug or perform a procedure
indication	n.	something (as a course of action) that is indicated as expedient or necessary
indication	n.	a datum about some physical state that is presented to a user by a meter or similar instrument
indicative	n.	a mood (grammatically unmarked) that represents the act or state as an objective fact
indicative	adj.	relating to the mood of verbs that is used simple in declarative statements
indicative	adj.	(usually followed by `of') pointing out or revealing clearly
indicator	n.	a number or ratio (a value on a scale of measurement) derived from a series of observed facts; can reveal relative changes as a function of time
indicator	n.	a signal for attracting attention
indicator	n.	a device for showing the operating condition of some system
indicator	n.	(chemistry) a substance that changes color to indicate the presence of some ion or substance; can be used to indicate the completion of a chemical reaction or (in medicine) to test for a particular reaction
indict	v.	accuse formally of a crime
indictment	n.	a formal document written for a prosecuting attorney charging a person with some offense
indictment	n.	an accusation of wrongdoing
indie	n.	a pop group not affiliated with a major record company
indie	n.	an independent film company not associated with an established studio
indie	adj.	(of pop groups) not affiliated with a major recording company
indies	n.	a pop group not affiliated with a major record company
indies	n.	an independent film company not associated with an established studio
indigence	n.	a state of extreme poverty or destitution
indigenous	adj.	originating where it is found
indigent	adj.	poor enough to need help from others
indignant	adj.	angered at something unjust or wrong
indignation	n.	a feeling of righteous anger
indigo	n.	a blue dye obtained from plants or made synthetically
indigo	n.	deciduous subshrub of southeastern Asia having pinnate leaves and clusters of red or purple flowers; a source of indigo dye
indigo	n.	a blue-violet color
indigo	adj.	having a color between blue and violet
indirect	adj.	having intervening factors or persons or influences
indirect	adj.	not direct in spatial dimension; not leading by a straight line or course to a destination
indirect	adj.	descended from a common ancestor but through different lines
indirect	adj.	extended senses; not direct in manner or language or behavior or action
indirect	adj.	not as a direct effect or consequence
indiscipline	n.	the trait of lacking discipline
indiscreet	adj.	lacking discretion; injudicious
indiscretion	n.	the trait of being injudicious
indiscretion	n.	a petty misdeed
indiscriminate	adj.	failing to make or recognize distinctions
indiscriminate	adj.	not marked by fine distinctions
indispensability	n.	the quality possessed by something that you cannot possibly do without
indispensable	adj.	not to be dispensed with; essential
indispensable	adj.	absolutely necessary; vitally necessary
indispensable	adj.	unavoidable
indite	v.	produce a literary work
indium	n.	a rare soft silvery metallic element; occurs in small quantities in sphalerite
individual	n.	a human being
individual	n.	a single organism
individual	adj.	being or characteristic of a single thing or person
individual	adj.	separate and distinct from others of the same kind
individual	adj.	characteristic of or meant for a single person or thing
individual	adj.	concerning one person exclusively
individualism	n.	the quality of being individual
individualism	n.	a belief in the importance of the individual and the virtue of self-reliance and personal independence
individualism	n.	the doctrine that government should not interfere in commercial affairs
individualist	n.	a person who pursues independent thought or action
individualist	adj.	marked by or expressing individuality
individualistic	adj.	marked by or expressing individuality
individualistic	adj.	with minimally restricted freedom in commerce
individualistically	adv.	in an individualistic manner
individuality	n.	the quality of being individual
individuality	n.	the distinct personality of an individual regarded as a persisting entity
individualization	n.	discriminating the individual from the generic group or species
individualize	v.	make or mark or treat as individual
individualize	v.	make personal or more personal
individuate	v.	give individual character to
individuate	v.	give individual shape or form to
individuation	n.	discriminating the individual from the generic group or species
individuation	n.	the quality of being individual
indochina	n.	a peninsula of southeastern Asia that includes Myanmar and Cambodia and Laos and Malaysia and Thailand and Vietnam
indoctrinate	v.	teach doctrines to; teach uncritically
indoctrination	n.	teaching someone to accept doctrines uncritically
indolence	n.	inactivity resulting from a dislike of work
indolent	adj.	disinclined to work or exertion
indolent	adj.	(of tumors, e.g.) slow to heal or develop and usually painless
indomitable	adj.	impossible to subdue
indonesia	n.	a republic in southeastern Asia on an archipelago including more than 13,000 islands; achieved independence from the Netherlands in 1945; the principal oil producer in the Far East and Pacific regions
indonesian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Indonesia
indonesian	n.	the dialect of Malay used as the national language of the Republic of Indonesia or of Malaysia
indonesian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Indonesia or its people or languages
indra	n.	chief Hindu god of the Rig-Veda; god of rain and thunder
indubitable	adj.	too obvious to be doubted
indubitably	adv.	in a manner or to a degree that could not be doubted
induce	v.	cause to arise
induce	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
induce	v.	cause to occur rapidly
induce	v.	reason or establish by induction
induce	v.	produce electric current by electrostatic or magnetic processes
inducement	n.	a positive motivational influence
inducement	n.	act of bringing about a desired result
inducer	n.	an agent capable of activating specific genes
inducer	n.	someone who tries to persuade or induce or lead on
induct	v.	place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position
induct	v.	accept people into an exclusive society or group, usually with some rite
induct	v.	admit as a member
induct	v.	produce electric current by electrostatic or magnetic processes
induct	v.	introduce or initiate
inductance	n.	an electrical phenomenon whereby an electromotive force (EMF) is generated in a closed circuit by a change in the flow of current
inductance	n.	an electrical device (typically a conducting coil) that introduces inductance into a circuit
inductee	n.	a person inducted into an organization or social group
inductee	n.	someone who is drafted into military service
induction	n.	a formal entry into an organization or position or office
induction	n.	an electrical phenomenon whereby an electromotive force (EMF) is generated in a closed circuit by a change in the flow of current
induction	n.	reasoning from detailed facts to general principles
induction	n.	stimulation that calls up (draws forth) a particular class of behaviors
induction	n.	the act of bringing about something (especially at an early time)
induction	n.	an act that sets in motion some course of events
inductive	adj.	arising from inductance
inductive	adj.	of reasoning; proceeding from particular facts to a general conclusion
inductive	adj.	inducing or influencing; leading on; - John Milton
indulge	v.	give free rein to
indulge	v.	yield (to); give satisfaction to
indulge	v.	enjoy to excess
indulge	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
indulgence	n.	an inability to resist the gratification of whims and desires
indulgence	n.	a disposition to yield to the wishes of someone
indulgence	n.	the act of indulging or gratifying a desire
indulgence	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
indulgence	n.	the remission by the pope of the temporal punishment in purgatory that is still due for sins even after absolution
indulgent	adj.	characterized by or given to yielding to the wishes of someone
indulgent	adj.	tolerant or lenient
indulgent	adj.	being favorably inclined
indus	n.	a faint constellation in the southern hemisphere near Telescopium and Tucana
indus	n.	an Asian river that rises in Tibet and flows through northern India and then southwest through Kashmir and Pakistan to the Arabian Sea
industrial	adj.	of or relating to or resulting from industry
industrial	adj.	having highly developed industries
industrial	adj.	employed in industry
industrial	adj.	suitable to stand up to hard wear
industrialism	n.	an economic system built on large industries rather than on agriculture or craftsmanship
industrialist	n.	someone who manages or has significant financial interest in an industrial enterprise
industrialization	n.	the development of industry on an extensive scale
industrialize	v.	organize (the production of something) into an industry
industrialize	v.	develop industry; become industrial
industrious	adj.	characterized by hard work and perseverance
industrious	adj.	working hard to promote an enterprise
industriousness	n.	persevering determination to perform a task
industry	n.	the people or companies engaged in a particular kind of commercial enterprise
industry	n.	the organized action of making of goods and services for sale
industry	n.	persevering determination to perform a task
indwell	v.	to exist as an inner activating spirit, force, or principle
inebriate	n.	a chronic drinker
inebriate	v.	fill with sublime emotion
inebriate	v.	make drunk (with alcoholic drinks)
inebriate	v.	become drunk or drink excessively
inebriation	n.	habitual intoxication; prolonged and excessive intake of alcoholic drinks leading to a breakdown in health and an addiction to alcohol such that abrupt deprivation leads to severe withdrawal symptoms
inebriation	n.	a temporary state resulting from excessive consumption of alcohol
inedible	adj.	not suitable for food
ineffable	adj.	defying expression or description
ineffable	adj.	too sacred to be uttered
ineffably	adv.	to an inexpressible degree
inelastic	adj.	not elastic
ineligible	adj.	not eligible
ineligible	adj.	prohibited by official rules
ineluctable	adj.	impossible to avoid or evade:
ineluctably	adv.	by necessity
inept	adj.	not elegant or graceful in expression
inept	adj.	generally incompetent and ineffectual
inept	adj.	revealing lack of perceptiveness or judgment or finesse
ineptitude	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
ineptitude	n.	having no qualities that would render it valuable or useful
ineptness	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
ineptness	n.	the quality of having the wrong properties for a specific purpose
inequality	n.	lack of equality
inert	adj.	unable to move or resist motion
inert	adj.	having only a limited ability to react chemically; chemically inactive
inert	adj.	slow and apathetic
inertia	n.	a disposition to remain inactive or inert
inertia	n.	(physics) the tendency of a body to maintain its state of rest or uniform motion unless acted upon by an external force
inertial	adj.	of or relating to inertia
inertness	n.	immobility by virtue of being inert
inescapable	adj.	impossible to avoid or evade:
inescapably	adv.	by necessity
inevitability	n.	the quality of being unavoidable
inevitable	n.	an unavoidable event
inevitable	adj.	incapable of being avoided or prevented
inevitable	adj.	invariably occurring or appearing
inevitably	adv.	in such a manner as could not be otherwise
inevitably	adv.	by necessity
inexact	adj.	not exact
inexhaustibly	adv.	with indefatigable energy
inexorability	n.	mercilessness characterized by an unwillingness to relent or let up
inexorable	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
inexorable	adj.	impervious to pleas, persuasion, requests, reason; ; - W.Churchill
inexorably	adv.	in an inexorable manner
inexpedient	adj.	not suitable or advisable
inexpedient	adj.	not appropriate to the purpose
inexpert	adj.	lacking professional skill or expertise
inexpiable	adj.	incapable of being atoned for
inexpressive	adj.	not expressive
inextricably	adv.	in an inextricable manner
infallible	adj.	incapable of failure or error
infamy	n.	a state of extreme dishonor; - F.D.Roosevelt
infamy	n.	evil fame or public reputation
infancy	n.	the early stage of growth or development
infancy	n.	the earliest state of immaturity
infant	n.	a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk
infanticide	n.	a person who murders an infant
infanticide	n.	murdering an infant
infantile	adj.	indicating a lack of maturity
infantile	adj.	of or relating to infants or infancy
infantile	adj.	being or befitting or characteristic of an infant
infantry	n.	an army unit consisting of soldiers who fight on foot
infantryman	n.	fights on foot with small arms
infantrymen	n.	fights on foot with small arms
infarct	n.	localized necrosis resulting from obstruction of the blood supply
infarction	n.	localized necrosis resulting from obstruction of the blood supply
infatuate	v.	arouse unreasoning love or passion in and cause to behave in an irrational way
infatuation	n.	a foolish and usually extravagant passion or love or admiration
infatuation	n.	temporary love of an adolescent
infatuation	n.	an object of extravagant short-lived passion
infect	v.	communicate a disease to
infect	v.	contaminate with a disease or microorganism
infect	v.	corrupt with ideas or an ideology
infect	v.	affect in a contagious way
infected	v.	communicate a disease to
infected	v.	contaminate with a disease or microorganism
infected	v.	corrupt with ideas or an ideology
infected	v.	affect in a contagious way
infected	adj.	containing or resulting from disease-causing organisms
infection	n.	the pathological state resulting from the invasion of the body by pathogenic microorganisms
infection	n.	(phonetics) the alteration of a speech sound under the influence of a neighboring sound
infection	n.	(medicine) the invasion of the body by pathogenic microorganisms and their multiplication which can lead to tissue damage and disease
infection	n.	an incident in which an infectious disease is transmitted
infection	n.	the communication of an attitude or emotional state among a number of people
infection	n.	moral corruption or contamination
infection	n.	(international law) illegality that taints or contaminates a ship or cargo rendering it liable to seizure
infectious	adj.	caused by infection or capable of causing infection
infectious	adj.	easily spread; - Bertrand Russell
infectious	adj.	of or relating to infection
infelicitous	adj.	not appropriate in application; defective
infelicitous	adj.	marked by or producing unhappiness; ; - American Guide Series
inference	n.	the reasoning involved in drawing a conclusion or making a logical judgment on the basis of circumstantial evidence and prior conclusions rather than on the basis of direct observation
inferential	adj.	relating to or having the nature of illation or inference
inferential	adj.	of reasoning; proceeding from general premisses to a necessary and specific conclusion
inferential	adj.	resembling or dependent on or arrived at by inference
inferential	adj.	derived or capable of being derived by inference
inferential	adj.	based on interpretation; not directly expressed
inferior	n.	one of lesser rank or station or quality
inferior	n.	a character or symbol set or printed or written beneath or slightly below and to the side of another character
inferior	adj.	of or characteristic of low rank or importance
inferior	adj.	of low or inferior quality
inferior	adj.	written or printed below and to one side of another character
inferior	adj.	having an orbit between the sun and the Earth's orbit
inferior	adj.	lower than a given reference point
inferior	adj.	falling short of some prescribed norm
inferiority	n.	the state of being inferior
inferiority	n.	an inferior quality
inferiority	n.	the quality of being a competitive disadvantage
infernal	n.	an inhabitant of Hell
infernal	adj.	characteristic of or resembling Hell
infernal	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
infernal	adj.	expletives used informally as intensifiers
infernal	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of a very uncontrolled and intense fire
infernal	adj.	being of the underworld
inferno	n.	any place of pain and turmoil
inferno	n.	a very intense and uncontrolled fire
inferno	n.	(Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment; - John Milton; ; -Dr. Johnson
inferred	v.	reason by deduction; establish by deduction
inferred	v.	draw from specific cases for more general cases
inferred	v.	conclude by reasoning; in logic
inferred	v.	guess correctly; solve by guessing
inferred	v.	believe to be the case
inferring	v.	reason by deduction; establish by deduction
inferring	v.	draw from specific cases for more general cases
inferring	v.	conclude by reasoning; in logic
inferring	v.	guess correctly; solve by guessing
inferring	v.	believe to be the case
infest	v.	invade in great numbers
infest	v.	occupy in large numbers or live on a host
infest	v.	live on or in a host, as of parasites
infestation	n.	the state of being invaded or overrun by parasites
infestation	n.	a swarm of insects that attack plants
infidel	n.	a person who does not acknowledge your god
infidelity	n.	the quality of being unfaithful
infiltrator	n.	someone who takes up a position surreptitiously for the purpose of espionage
infiltrator	n.	an intruder (as troops) with hostile intent
infinite	n.	the unlimited expanse in which everything is located
infinite	adj.	having no limits or boundaries in time or space or extent or magnitude
infinite	adj.	of verbs; having neither person nor number nor mood (as a participle or gerund or infinitive)
infinite	adj.	too numerous to be counted
infinite	adj.	total and all-embracing
infinitesimal	n.	(mathematics) a variable that has zero as its limit
infinitesimal	adj.	infinitely or immeasurably small
infinitival	adj.	relating to or formed with the infinitive
infinitive	n.	the uninflected form of the verb
infinitude	n.	an infinite quantity
infinitude	n.	the quality of being infinite; without bound or limit
infinity	n.	time without end
infirm	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
infirm	adj.	lacking firmness of will or character or purpose;  - Shakespeare
infirmary	n.	a health facility where patients receive treatment
infirmity	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
infix	n.	an affix that is inserted inside the word
infix	v.	put or introduce into something
infix	v.	attach a morpheme into a stem word
inflame	v.	cause inflammation in
inflame	v.	catch fire
inflame	v.	cause to start burning
inflame	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
inflame	v.	become inflamed; get sore
inflammable	adj.	easily ignited
inflammation	n.	a response of body tissues to injury or irritation; characterized by pain and swelling and redness and heat
inflammation	n.	the state of being emotionally aroused and worked up
inflammation	n.	arousal to violent emotion
inflammation	n.	the act of setting something on fire
inflammatory	adj.	characterized or caused by inflammation
inflammatory	adj.	arousing to action or rebellion
inflatable	adj.	designed to be filled with air or gas
inflate	v.	exaggerate or make bigger
inflate	v.	fill with gas or air
inflate	v.	cause prices to rise by increasing the available currency or credit
inflate	v.	increase the amount or availability of, creating a rise in value
inflate	v.	become inflated
inflation	n.	a general and progressive increase in prices
inflation	n.	(cosmology) a brief exponential expansion of the universe (faster than the speed of light) postulated to have occurred shortly after the big bang
inflation	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
inflation	n.	the act of filling something with air
inflationary	adj.	associated with or tending to cause increases in inflation
inflect	v.	change the form of a word in accordance as required by the grammatical rules of the language
inflect	v.	vary the pitch of one's speech
inflection	n.	a change in the form of a word (usually by adding a suffix) to indicate a change in its grammatical function
inflection	n.	the patterns of stress and intonation in a language
inflection	n.	deviation from a straight or normal course
inflection	n.	a manner of speaking in which the loudness or pitch or tone of the voice is modified
inflectional	adj.	characterized by inflections indicating grammatical distinctions
inflict	v.	impose something unpleasant
infliction	n.	the act of imposing something (as a tax or an embargo)
infliction	n.	an act causing pain or damage
infliction	n.	something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness
inflow	n.	the process of flowing in
influence	n.	a power to affect persons or events especially power based on prestige etc
influence	n.	causing something without any direct or apparent effort
influence	n.	a cognitive factor that tends to have an effect on what you do
influence	n.	the effect of one thing (or person) on another
influence	n.	one having power to influence another
influence	v.	have and exert influence or effect
influence	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
influence	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
influenced	v.	have and exert influence or effect
influenced	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
influenced	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
influential	adj.	having or exercising influence or power
influenza	n.	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease
info	n.	a message received and understood
infomercial	n.	a television commercial presented in the form of a short documentary
inform	v.	impart knowledge of some fact, state or affairs, or event to
inform	v.	give character or essence to
inform	v.	act as an informer
informal	adj.	not formal
informal	adj.	not officially recognized or controlled
informal	adj.	used of spoken and written language
informal	adj.	having or fostering a warm or friendly and informal atmosphere
informant	n.	a person who supplies information
informant	n.	someone who sees an event and reports what happened
informatics	n.	the sciences concerned with gathering, manipulating, storing, retrieving, and classifying recorded information
information	n.	a message received and understood
information	n.	knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
information	n.	formal accusation of a crime
information	n.	a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn
information	n.	(communication theory) a numerical measure of the uncertainty of an outcome
informational	adj.	relating to or having the nature of information
informative	adj.	tending to increase knowledge or dissipate ignorance
informative	adj.	serving to instruct or enlighten or inform
informative	adj.	providing or conveying information
informed	v.	impart knowledge of some fact, state or affairs, or event to
informed	v.	give character or essence to
informed	v.	act as an informer
informed	adj.	having much knowledge or education
infotainment	n.	a film or TV program presenting the facts about a person or event
infra	adv.	(in writing) see below
infrared	n.	the infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum; electromagnetic wave frequencies below the visible range
infrared	n.	electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths longer than visible light but shorter than radio waves
infrared	adj.	having or employing wavelengths longer than light but shorter than radio waves; lying outside the visible spectrum at its red end
infrasonic	adj.	having frequencies below those of audible sound
infrastructure	n.	the basic structure or features of a system or organization
infrastructure	n.	the stock of basic facilities and capital equipment needed for the functioning of a country or area
infrequent	adj.	not frequent; not occurring regularly or at short intervals
infringement	n.	an act that disregards an agreement or a right
infringement	n.	a crime less serious than a felony
infuriate	v.	make furious
infuriating	v.	make furious
infuriating	adj.	extremely annoying or displeasing
inge	n.	English prelate noted for his pessimistic sermons and articles (1860-1954)
inge	n.	United States playwright (1913-1973)
ingenious	adj.	showing inventiveness and skill
ingeniousness	n.	the power of creative imagination
ingeniousness	n.	the property of being ingenious
ingenue	n.	an actress who specializes in playing the role of an artless innocent young girl
ingenue	n.	an artless innocent young girl (especially as portrayed on the stage)
ingenue	n.	the role of an innocent artless young woman in a play
ingenuity	n.	the power of creative imagination
ingenuity	n.	the property of being ingenious
ingenuous	adj.	characterized by an inability to mask your feelings; not devious
ingenuous	adj.	lacking in sophistication or worldliness
ingenuousness	n.	the quality of innocent naivete
ingenuousness	n.	openly straightforward or frank
ingest	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
ingest	v.	take up mentally
ingestion	n.	the process of taking food into the body through the mouth (as by eating)
inglenook	n.	a corner by a fireplace
ingot	n.	metal that is cast in the shape of a block for convenient handling
ingrain	v.	thoroughly work in
ingrain	v.	produce or try to produce a vivid impression of
ingrate	n.	a person who shows no gratitude
ingratiate	v.	gain favor with somebody by deliberate efforts
ingratiating	v.	gain favor with somebody by deliberate efforts
ingratiating	adj.	capable of winning favor
ingratiating	adj.	calculated to please or gain favor
ingratiation	n.	the act of gaining acceptance or affection for yourself by persuasive and subtle blandishments
ingredient	n.	a component of a mixture or compound
ingredient	n.	an abstract part of something
ingredient	n.	food that is a component of a mixture in cooking
ingres	n.	French classical painter (1780-1867)
ingress	n.	(astronomy) the disappearance of a celestial body prior to an eclipse
ingress	n.	the act of entering
ingress	n.	French classical painter (1780-1867)
inguinal	adj.	of or relating to or near the groin
inhabit	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
inhabit	v.	be present in
inhabit	v.	exist or be situated within
inhabitable	adj.	fit for habitation
inhabitant	n.	a person who inhabits a particular place
inhabited	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
inhabited	v.	be present in
inhabited	v.	exist or be situated within
inhabited	adj.	having inhabitants; lived in
inhalant	n.	something that is inhaled
inhalant	n.	a medication to be taken by inhaling it
inhalant	adj.	inhaling or serving for inhalation
inhalation	n.	the act of inhaling; the drawing in of air (or other gases) as in breathing
inhalation	n.	a medication to be taken by inhaling it
inhalator	n.	a breathing device for administering long-term artificial respiration
inhalator	n.	a dispenser that produces a chemical vapor to be inhaled in order to relieve nasal congestion
inhaler	n.	a dispenser that produces a chemical vapor to be inhaled in order to relieve nasal congestion
inharmonious	adj.	not in harmony
inharmonious	adj.	lacking in harmony of parts
inhere	v.	be inherent in something
inherent	adj.	existing as an essential constituent or characteristic
inherent	adj.	in the nature of something though not readily apparent
inherit	v.	obtain from someone after their death
inherit	v.	receive from a predecessor
inherit	v.	receive by genetic transmission
inheritance	n.	hereditary succession to a title or an office or property
inheritance	n.	that which is inherited; a title or property or estate that passes by law to the heir on the death of the owner
inheritance	n.	(genetics) attributes acquired via biological heredity from the parents
inheritance	n.	any attribute or immaterial possession that is inherited from ancestors
inheritances	n.	hereditary succession to a title or an office or property
inheritances	n.	that which is inherited; a title or property or estate that passes by law to the heir on the death of the owner
inheritances	n.	(genetics) attributes acquired via biological heredity from the parents
inheritances	n.	any attribute or immaterial possession that is inherited from ancestors
inheritor	n.	a person who is entitled by law or by the terms of a will to inherit the estate of another
inhibit	v.	to put down by force or authority
inhibit	v.	limit the range or extent of
inhibit	v.	limit, block, or decrease the action or function of
inhibit	v.	control and refrain from showing; of emotions, desires, impulses, or behavior
inhibition	n.	(psychology) the conscious exclusion of unacceptable thoughts or desires
inhibition	n.	the quality of being inhibited
inhibition	n.	(physiology) the process whereby nerves can retard or prevent the functioning of an organ or part
inhibition	n.	the action of prohibiting or inhibiting or forbidding (or an instance thereof)
inhibitor	n.	a substance that retards or stops an activity
inhibitory	adj.	restrictive of action
inhuman	adj.	without compunction or human feeling
inhuman	adj.	belonging to or resembling something nonhuman
inhumane	adj.	lacking and reflecting lack of pity or compassion
inimical	adj.	not friendly
inimitably	adv.	in an unreproducible manner
iniquitous	adj.	characterized by iniquity; wicked because it is believed to be a sin
iniquity	n.	absence of moral or spiritual values
iniquity	n.	morally objectionable behavior
iniquity	n.	an unjust act
initial	n.	the first letter of a word (especially a person's name)
initial	v.	mark with one's initials
initial	adj.	occurring at the beginning
initialization	n.	(computer science) the format of sectors on the surface of a hard disk drive so that the operating system can access them and setting a starting position
initialize	v.	assign an initial value to a computer program
initialize	v.	divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data
initialized	v.	assign an initial value to a computer program
initialized	v.	divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data
initiate	n.	someone new to a field or activity
initiate	n.	someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field
initiate	n.	people who have been introduced to the mysteries of some field or activity
initiate	v.	bring into being
initiate	v.	take the lead or initiative in; participate in the development of
initiate	v.	accept people into an exclusive society or group, usually with some rite
initiate	v.	bring up a topic for discussion
initiate	v.	set in motion, start an event or prepare the way for
initiated	v.	bring into being
initiated	v.	take the lead or initiative in; participate in the development of
initiated	v.	accept people into an exclusive society or group, usually with some rite
initiated	v.	bring up a topic for discussion
initiated	v.	set in motion, start an event or prepare the way for
initiation	n.	a formal entry into an organization or position or office
initiation	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
initiation	n.	wisdom as evidenced by the possession of knowledge
initiation	n.	an act that sets in motion some course of events
initiative	n.	readiness to embark on bold new ventures
initiative	n.	the first of a series of actions
initiative	adj.	serving to set in motion
initiator	n.	a person who initiates a course of action
initiatory	adj.	serving to set in motion
inject	v.	give an injection to
inject	v.	to introduce (a new aspect or element)
inject	v.	force or drive (a fluid or gas) into by piercing
inject	v.	take by injection
inject	v.	feed intravenously
inject	v.	to insert between other elements
injection	n.	the forceful insertion of a substance under pressure
injection	n.	any solution that is injected (as into the skin)
injection	n.	the act of putting a liquid into the body by means of a syringe
injector	n.	a contrivance for injecting (e.g., water into the boiler of a steam engine or particles into an accelerator etc.)
injure	v.	cause injuries or bodily harm to
injure	v.	hurt the feelings of
injure	v.	cause damage or affect negatively
injured	v.	cause injuries or bodily harm to
injured	v.	hurt the feelings of
injured	v.	cause damage or affect negatively
injured	adj.	harmed
injurious	adj.	harmful to living things
ink	n.	a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing
ink	n.	dark protective fluid ejected into the water by cuttlefish and other cephalopods
ink	v.	append one's signature to
ink	v.	mark, coat, cover, or stain with ink
ink	v.	fill with ink
inkblot	n.	a blot made with ink
inkiness	n.	the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white)
inkling	n.	a slight suggestion or vague understanding
inkstand	n.	a small well holding writing ink into which a pen can be dipped
inkstand	n.	a tray or stand for writing implements and containers for ink
inkwell	n.	a small well holding writing ink into which a pen can be dipped
inky	adj.	of the color of black ink
inland	adj.	situated away from an area's coast or border
inland	adv.	towards or into the interior of a region
inmate	n.	one of several resident of a dwelling (especially someone confined to a prison or hospital)
inmate	n.	a patient who is residing in the hospital where he is being treated
inmate	n.	a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison
inmost	adj.	being deepest within the self
inmost	adj.	situated or occurring farthest within
inn	n.	a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers
innards	n.	internal organs collectively (especially those in the abdominal cavity)
innate	adj.	not established by conditioning or learning
innate	adj.	being talented through inherited qualities
innate	adj.	present at birth but not necessarily hereditary; acquired during fetal development
innateness	n.	the quality of being innate
innermost	adj.	being deepest within the self
innermost	adj.	situated or occurring farthest within
innersole	n.	the inner sole of a shoe or boot where the foot rests
innervate	v.	supply nerves to (some organ or body part)
innervate	v.	stimulate to action
innervation	n.	the neural or electrical arousal of an organ or muscle or gland
innervation	n.	the distribution of nerve fibers to an organ or body region
inning	n.	(baseball) one of nine divisions of play during which each team has a turn at bat
innkeeper	n.	the owner or manager of an inn
innocence	n.	the quality of innocent naivete
innocence	n.	the state of being unsullied by sin or moral wrong; lacking a knowledge of evil
innocence	n.	a state or condition of being innocent of a specific crime or offense
innocent	n.	a person who lacks knowledge of evil
innocent	adj.	free from evil or guilt
innocent	adj.	lacking intent or capacity to injure
innocent	adj.	free from sin
innocent	adj.	lacking in sophistication or worldliness
innocent	adj.	not knowledgeable about something specified
innocent	adj.	completely wanting or lacking
innocent	adj.	(used of things) lacking sense or awareness
innocuous	adj.	not injurious to physical or mental health
innocuous	adj.	not causing disapproval
innocuous	adj.	lacking intent or capacity to injure
innovate	v.	bring something new to an environment
innovation	n.	a creation (a new device or process) resulting from study and experimentation
innovation	n.	the creation of something in the mind
innovation	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
innovator	n.	someone who helps to open up a new line of research or technology or art
innsbruck	n.	city in southwestern Austria; known as a summer and winter resort
innuendo	n.	an indirect (and usually malicious) implication
innumerate	adj.	lacking knowledge and understanding of mathematical concepts and methods
inoculate	v.	introduce an idea or attitude into the mind of
inoculate	v.	introduce a microorganism into
inoculate	v.	perform vaccinations or produce immunity in by inoculation
inoculate	v.	insert a bud for propagation
inoculate	v.	impregnate with the virus or germ of a disease in order to render immune
inoculation	n.	taking a vaccine as a precaution against contracting a disease
inoperative	adj.	not working or taking effect
inordinate	adj.	beyond normal limits
inorganic	adj.	relating or belonging to the class of compounds not having a carbon basis
inorganic	adj.	lacking the properties characteristic of living organisms
inositol	n.	an optically inactive alcohol that is a component of the vitamin B complex
inquire	v.	inquire about
inquire	v.	have a wish or desire to know something
inquire	v.	conduct an inquiry or investigation of
inquirer	n.	someone who asks a question
inquiring	n.	a request for information
inquiring	v.	inquire about
inquiring	v.	have a wish or desire to know something
inquiring	v.	conduct an inquiry or investigation of
inquiring	adj.	given to inquiry
inquiry	n.	a search for knowledge
inquiry	n.	an instance of questioning
inquiry	n.	a systematic investigation of a matter of public interest
inquisition	n.	a former tribunal of the Roman Catholic Church (1232-1820) created to discover and suppress heresy
inquisition	n.	a severe interrogation (often violating the rights or privacy of individuals)
inquisitive	adj.	showing curiosity
inquisitive	adj.	inquiring or appearing to inquire
inquisitiveness	n.	a state of active curiosity
inquisitor	n.	a questioner who is excessively harsh
inquisitor	n.	an official of the ecclesiastical court of the Inquisition
inquisitorial	adj.	especially indicating a form of prosecution in which proceedings are secret and the accused is questioned by a prosecutor who acts also as the judge
inquisitorial	adj.	marked by inquisitive interest; especially suggestive of an ecclesiastical inquisitor; ; - Waldo Frank
inquisitorial	adj.	having the authority to conduct official investigations
inrush	n.	an inflow
ins	n.	an agency in the Department of Justice that enforces laws and regulations for the admission of foreign-born persons to the United States
ins	n.	a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot
ins	n.	a rare soft silvery metallic element; occurs in small quantities in sphalerite
ins	n.	a state in midwestern United States
insane	adj.	afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement
insane	adj.	very foolish
insatiably	adv.	to an insatiable degree
insatiably	adv.	in an insatiable manner; with persistence but without satisfaction
inscribe	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
inscribe	v.	register formally as a participant or member
inscribe	v.	draw within a figure so as to touch in as many places as possible
inscribe	v.	write, engrave, or print as a lasting record
inscribe	v.	mark with one's signature
inscribe	v.	convert ordinary language into code
inscribe	v.	address, (a work of literature) in a style less formal than a dedication
inscription	n.	letters inscribed (especially words engraved or carved) on something
inscription	n.	a short message (as in a book or musical work or on a photograph) dedicating it to someone or something
inscription	n.	the activity of inscribing (especially carving or engraving) letters or words
inscrutability	n.	the quality of being impossible to investigate
inscrutable	adj.	of an obscure nature; ; ; ; - Rachel Carson
inscrutably	adv.	in an inscrutable manner
insecticidal	adj.	of or relating to insecticide
insecticide	n.	a chemical used to kill insects
insectivore	n.	small insect-eating mainly nocturnal terrestrial or fossorial mammals
insectivore	n.	any organism that feeds mainly on insects
insectivorous	adj.	(of animals and plants) feeding on insects
insecure	adj.	not firm or firmly fixed; likely to fail or give way
insecure	adj.	lacking in security or safety
insecure	adj.	lacking self-confidence or assurance
insecure	adj.	not safe from attack
inseminate	v.	place seeds in or on (the ground)
inseminate	v.	introduce semen into (a female)
insemination	n.	the act of sowing (of seeds in the ground or, figuratively, of germs in the body or ideas in the mind, etc.)
insemination	n.	the introduction of semen into the genital tract of a female
insensate	adj.	devoid of feeling and consciousness and animation
insensate	adj.	without compunction or human feeling
insensible	adj.	incapable of physical sensation
insensible	adj.	unaware of or indifferent to
insensible	adj.	barely able to be perceived
insensible	adj.	unresponsive to stimulation
insensitive	adj.	not responsive to physical stimuli
insensitive	adj.	deficient in human sensibility; not mentally or morally sensitive
inseparable	adj.	not capable of being separated
insert	n.	a folded section placed between the leaves of another publication
insert	n.	an artifact that is inserted or is to be inserted
insert	n.	(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program
insert	n.	(film) a still picture that is introduced and that interrupts the action of a film
insert	v.	put or introduce into something
insert	v.	introduce
insert	v.	fit snugly into
insert	v.	insert casually
insertion	n.	a message (spoken or written) that is introduced or inserted
insertion	n.	the act of putting one thing into another
insertions	n.	a message (spoken or written) that is introduced or inserted
insertions	n.	the act of putting one thing into another
insetting	v.	set or place in
inshore	adj.	(of winds) coming from the sea toward the land
inshore	adj.	close to a shore
inshore	adv.	toward the shore
inside	n.	the region that is inside of something
inside	n.	the inner or enclosed surface of something
inside	adj.	relating to or being on the side closer to the center or within a defined space
inside	adj.	being or applying to the inside of a building
inside	adj.	confined to an exclusive group
inside	adj.	away from the outer edge
inside	adv.	within a building
inside	adv.	on the inside
inside	adv.	with respect to private feelings
inside	adv.	in reality
insider	n.	an officer of a corporation or others who have access to private information about the corporation's operations
insidious	adj.	beguiling but harmful
insidious	adj.	intended to entrap
insidious	adj.	working or spreading in a hidden and usually injurious way
insidiousness	n.	subtle and cumulative harmfulness (especially of a disease)
insidiousness	n.	the quality of being designed to entrap
insight	n.	clear or deep perception of a situation
insight	n.	a feeling of understanding
insight	n.	the clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation
insight	n.	grasping the inner nature of things intuitively
insightful	adj.	exhibiting insight or clear and deep perception; ; -R.C.Angell
insignia	n.	a badge worn to show official position
insinuate	v.	introduce or insert (oneself) in a subtle manner
insinuate	v.	give to understand
insinuation	n.	an indirect (and usually malicious) implication
insinuation	n.	the act of gaining acceptance or affection for yourself by persuasive and subtle blandishments
insipid	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
insipid	adj.	lacking interest or significance or impact
insipidity	n.	extreme dullness; lacking spirit or interest
insipidity	n.	lacking any distinctive or interesting taste property
insist	v.	be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge
insist	v.	beg persistently and urgently
insist	v.	assert to be true
insistence	n.	continual and persistent demands
insistence	n.	the state of demanding notice or attention
insistence	n.	the act of insisting on something
insistent	adj.	repetitive and persistent
insistent	adj.	demanding attention; ; ; - H.L.Mencken
insisting	n.	continual and persistent demands
insisting	v.	be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge
insisting	v.	beg persistently and urgently
insisting	v.	assert to be true
insofar	adv.	to the degree or extent that
insole	n.	the inner sole of a shoe or boot where the foot rests
insolence	n.	the trait of being rude and impertinent; inclined to take liberties
insolence	n.	an offensive disrespectful impudent act
insolent	adj.	marked by casual disrespect
insolent	adj.	unrestrained by convention or propriety; ; ; - Los Angeles Times; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
insoluble	adj.	(of a substance) incapable of being dissolved
insoluble	adj.	admitting of no solution or explanation
insoluble	adj.	without hope of solution
insolvency	n.	the lack of financial resources
insomnia	n.	an inability to sleep; chronic sleeplessness
insomniac	n.	someone who cannot sleep
insomniac	adj.	experiencing or accompanied by sleeplessness; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
insomuch	adv.	to such an extent or degree; so
insouciance	n.	the cheerful feeling you have when nothing is troubling you
insouciant	adj.	marked by blithe unconcern
inspect	v.	look over carefully
inspect	v.	come to see in an official or professional capacity
inspect	v.	examine carefully for accuracy with the intent of verification
inspection	n.	a formal or official examination
inspector	n.	a high ranking police officer
inspector	n.	an investigator who observes carefully
inspectorate	n.	a body of inspectors
inspiration	n.	arousal of the mind to special unusual activity or creativity
inspiration	n.	a product of your creative thinking and work
inspiration	n.	a sudden intuition as part of solving a problem
inspiration	n.	(theology) a special influence of a divinity on the minds of human beings
inspiration	n.	arousing to a particular emotion or action
inspiration	n.	the act of inhaling; the drawing in of air (or other gases) as in breathing
inspirational	adj.	imparting a divine influence on the mind and soul
inspiratory	adj.	pertaining to the drawing in phase of respiration
inspired	v.	heighten or intensify
inspired	v.	supply the inspiration for
inspired	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
inspired	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
inspired	v.	fill with revolutionary ideas
inspired	v.	draw in (air)
inspired	adj.	being of such surpassing excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods
inspiring	v.	heighten or intensify
inspiring	v.	supply the inspiration for
inspiring	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
inspiring	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
inspiring	v.	fill with revolutionary ideas
inspiring	v.	draw in (air)
inspiring	adj.	stimulating or exalting to the spirit
inst	adj.	in or of the present month
instability	n.	an unstable order
instability	n.	unreliability attributable to being unstable
instability	n.	a lack of balance or state of disequilibrium
instability	n.	the quality or attribute of being unstable and irresolute
install	v.	set up for use
install	v.	put into an office or a position
install	v.	place
installation	n.	the act of installing something (as equipment)
installation	n.	a building or place that provides a particular service or is used for a particular industry
installation	n.	a formal entry into an organization or position or office
installment	n.	a payment of part of a debt; usually paid at regular intervals
installment	n.	a part of a broadcast serial
installment	n.	a part of a published serial
installment	n.	the act of installing something (as equipment)
instance	n.	an occurrence of something
instance	n.	an item of information that is typical of a class or group
instance	v.	clarify by giving an example of
instant	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
instant	n.	a particular point in time
instant	adj.	occurring with no delay
instant	adj.	in or of the present month
instant	adj.	demanding attention; ; ; - H.L.Mencken
instantaneous	adj.	occurring with no delay
instantiate	v.	represent by an instance
instantiate	v.	find an instance of (a word or particular usage of a word)
instar	n.	an insect or other arthropod between molts
instead	adv.	in place of, or as an alternative to
instead	adv.	on the contrary
instigate	v.	provoke or stir up
instigate	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
instigation	n.	the verbal act of urging on
instigation	n.	deliberate and intentional triggering (of trouble or discord)
instigator	n.	someone who deliberately foments trouble
instigator	n.	a person who initiates a course of action
instillation	n.	the introduction of a liquid (by pouring or injection) drop by drop
instillation	n.	a liquid that is instilled drop by drop
instinct	n.	inborn pattern of behavior often responsive to specific stimuli
instinct	adj.	(followed by `with')deeply filled or permeated
instinctive	adj.	unthinking; prompted by (or as if by) instinct
institute	n.	an association organized to promote art or science or education
institute	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
institute	v.	advance or set forth in court; ,
institution	n.	an organization founded and united for a specific purpose
institution	n.	an establishment consisting of a building or complex of buildings where an organization for the promotion of some cause is situated
institution	n.	a custom that for a long time has been an important feature of some group or society
institution	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
institution	n.	a hospital for mentally incompetent or unbalanced person
institutional	adj.	relating to or constituting or involving an institution
institutional	adj.	organized as or forming an institution
institutionalize	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
instruct	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
instruct	v.	give instructions or directions for some task
instruct	v.	make aware of
instructed	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
instructed	v.	give instructions or directions for some task
instructed	v.	make aware of
instruction	n.	a message describing how something is to be done
instruction	n.	the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill
instruction	n.	the profession of a teacher
instruction	n.	(computer science) a line of code written as part of a computer program
instructional	adj.	of or relating to or used in instruction
instructive	adj.	serving to instruct or enlighten or inform
instructor	n.	a person whose occupation is teaching
instrument	n.	a device that requires skill for proper use
instrument	n.	the means whereby some act is accomplished
instrument	n.	a person used by another to gain an end
instrument	n.	(law) a document that states some contractual relationship or grants some right
instrument	n.	the semantic role of the entity (usually inanimate) that the agent uses to perform an action or start a process
instrument	n.	any of various devices or contrivances that can be used to produce musical tones or sounds
instrument	v.	equip with instruments for measuring, recording, or controlling
instrument	v.	write an instrumental score for
instrument	v.	address a legal document to
instrumental	adj.	relating to or designed for or performed on musical instruments
instrumental	adj.	serving or acting as a means or aid
instrumentalist	n.	someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession)
instrumentality	n.	a subsidiary organ of government created for a special purpose
instrumentality	n.	the quality of being instrumental for some purpose
instrumentality	n.	an artifact (or system of artifacts) that is instrumental in accomplishing some end
instrumentation	n.	an artifact (or system of artifacts) that is instrumental in accomplishing some end
instrumentation	n.	the act of providing or using the instruments needed for some implementation
instrumentation	n.	the instruments called for in a musical score or arrangement for a band or orchestra
instrumentation	n.	the act of arranging a piece of music for an orchestra and assigning parts to the different musical instruments
insubordinate	adj.	not submissive to authority
insubordinate	adj.	disposed to or engaged in defiance of established authority
insufferable	adj.	used of persons or their behavior
insular	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or situated on an island
insular	adj.	suggestive of the isolated life of an island; - Leonard Michaels
insular	adj.	narrowly restricted in outlook or scope
insularity	n.	the state of being isolated or detached
insulate	v.	protect from heat, cold, or noise by surrounding with insulating material
insulate	v.	place or set apart
insulation	n.	the state of being isolated or detached
insulation	n.	a material that reduces or prevents the transmission of heat or sound or electricity
insulation	n.	the act of protecting something by surrounding it with material that reduces or prevents the transmission of sound or heat or electricity
insulator	n.	a material such as glass or porcelain with negligible electrical or thermal conductivity
insulin	n.	hormone secreted by the isles of Langerhans in the pancreas; regulates storage of glycogen in the liver and accelerates oxidation of sugar in cells
insult	n.	a rude expression intended to offend or hurt
insult	n.	a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate disrespect
insult	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
insulting	v.	treat, mention, or speak to rudely
insulting	adj.	expressing extreme contempt
insuperable	adj.	impossible to surmount
insuperable	adj.	incapable of being surmounted or excelled
insuperably	adv.	to an insuperable degree
insurance	n.	promise of reimbursement in the case of loss; paid to people or companies so concerned about hazards that they have made prepayments to an insurance company
insurance	n.	written contract or certificate of insurance
insurance	n.	protection against future loss
insure	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
insure	v.	make certain of
insure	v.	protect by insurance
insure	v.	take out insurance for
insured	n.	a person whose interests are protected by an insurance policy; a person who contracts for an insurance policy that indemnifies him against loss of property or life or health etc.
insured	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
insured	v.	make certain of
insured	v.	protect by insurance
insured	v.	take out insurance for
insured	adj.	covered by insurance
insurer	n.	a financial institution that sells insurance
insurgence	n.	an organized rebellion aimed at overthrowing a constituted government through the use of subversion and armed conflict
insurgency	n.	an organized rebellion aimed at overthrowing a constituted government through the use of subversion and armed conflict
insurgent	n.	a person who takes part in an armed rebellion against the constituted authority (especially in the hope of improving conditions)
insurgent	n.	a member of an irregular armed force that fights a stronger force by sabotage and harassment
insurgent	adj.	in opposition to a civil authority or government
insurrection	n.	organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
insurrectionist	n.	a person who takes part in an armed rebellion against the constituted authority (especially in the hope of improving conditions)
intact	adj.	constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking nothing essential especially not damaged; - Bacon
intact	adj.	(of a woman) having the hymen unbroken
intact	adj.	(used of domestic animals) sexually competent
intact	adj.	undamaged in any way
intaglio	n.	a printing process that uses an etched or engraved plate; the plate is smeared with ink and wiped clean, then the ink left in the recesses makes the print
intaglio	n.	glyptic art consisting of a sunken or depressed engraving or carving on a stone or gem (as opposed to cameo)
integer	n.	any of the natural numbers (positive or negative) or zero
integral	n.	the result of a mathematical integration; F(x) is the integral of f(x) if dF/dx = f(x)
integral	adj.	existing as an essential constituent or characteristic
integral	adj.	constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking nothing essential especially not damaged; - Bacon
integral	adj.	of or denoted by an integer
integrate	v.	make into a whole or make part of a whole
integrate	v.	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups
integrate	v.	become one; become integrated
integrate	v.	calculate the integral of; calculate by integration
integration	n.	the action of incorporating a racial or religious group into a community
integration	n.	the act of combining into an integral whole
integration	n.	an operation used in the calculus whereby the integral of a function is determined
integrator	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring the area of an irregular plane figure
integrity	n.	an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting
integrity	n.	moral soundness
integument	n.	an outer protective covering such as the skin of an animal or a cuticle or seed coat or rind or shell
intellect	n.	knowledge and intellectual ability
intellect	n.	the capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination
intellect	n.	a person who uses the mind creatively
intellectual	n.	a person who uses the mind creatively
intellectual	adj.	of or associated with or requiring the use of the mind
intellectual	adj.	appealing to or using the intellect
intellectual	adj.	involving intelligence rather than emotions or instinct
intelligence	n.	the ability to comprehend; to understand and profit from experience
intelligence	n.	a unit responsible for gathering and interpreting information about an enemy
intelligence	n.	secret information about an enemy (or potential enemy)
intelligence	n.	information about recent and important events
intelligence	n.	the operation of gathering information about an enemy
intelligent	adj.	having the capacity for thought and reason especially to a high degree
intelligent	adj.	possessing sound knowledge
intelligent	adj.	exercising or showing good judgment
intelligent	adj.	endowed with the capacity to reason
intelligentsia	n.	an educated and intellectual elite
intelligibility	n.	the quality of language that is comprehensible
intelligible	adj.	capable of being apprehended or understood
intelligible	adj.	well articulated or enunciated, and loud enough to be heard distinctly
intelligibly	adv.	in an intelligible manner
intended	v.	have in mind as a purpose
intended	v.	design or destine
intended	v.	mean or intend to express or convey
intended	v.	denote or connote
intended	adj.	resulting from one's intentions
intended	adj.	future; betrothed
intense	adj.	possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree
intense	adj.	extremely sharp or intense
intense	adj.	(of color) having the highest saturation
intensification	n.	action that makes something stronger or more extreme
intensification	n.	the act of increasing the contrast of (a photographic film)
intensifier	n.	a modifier that has little meaning except to intensify the meaning it modifies
intensify	v.	increase in extent or intensity
intensify	v.	make more intense, stronger, or more marked; ,
intensify	v.	become more intense
intensify	v.	make the chemically affected part of (a negative) denser or more opaque in order produce a stronger contrast between light and dark
intensity	n.	the amount of energy transmitted (as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation)
intensity	n.	high level or degree; the property of being intense
intensity	n.	the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction)
intensity	n.	chromatic purity: freedom from dilution with white and hence vivid in hue
intensive	n.	a modifier that has little meaning except to intensify the meaning it modifies
intensive	adj.	characterized by a high degree or intensity; often used as a combining form
intensive	adj.	tending to give force or emphasis
intensive	adj.	of agriculture; intended to increase productivity of a fixed area by expending more capital and labor
intensiveness	n.	high level or degree; the property of being intense
intent	n.	an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions
intent	n.	the intended meaning of a communication
intent	adj.	giving or marked by complete attention to; ; ; - Walter de la Mare
intention	n.	an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions
intention	n.	(usually plural) the goal with respect to a marriage proposal
intention	n.	an act of intending; a volition that you intend to carry out
intentional	adj.	characterized by conscious design or purpose
intentional	adj.	done or made or performed with purpose and intent; - Havelock Ellis
intentness	n.	the quality of being intent and concentrated
inter	v.	place in a grave or tomb
interact	v.	act together or towards others or with others
interaction	n.	a mutual or reciprocal action; interacting
interaction	n.	(physics) the transfer of energy between elementary particles or between an elementary particle and a field or between fields; mediated by gauge bosons
interactive	adj.	used especially of drugs or muscles that work together so the total effect is greater than the sum of the two (or more)
interactive	adj.	capable of acting on or influencing each other
interbred	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
interbred	adj.	bred of closely related parents
interbreed	v.	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties
intercede	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
intercept	n.	the point at which a line intersects a coordinate axis
intercept	v.	seize on its way
intercept	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
interception	n.	the act of intercepting; preventing something from proceeding or arriving
interception	n.	(American football) the act of catching a football by a player on the opposing team
interceptor	n.	a fast maneuverable fighter plane designed to intercept enemy aircraft
intercession	n.	a prayer to God on behalf of another person
intercession	n.	the act of intervening (as to mediate a dispute, etc.)
intercessor	n.	a negotiator who acts as a link between parties
interchange	n.	a junction of highways on different levels that permits traffic to move from one to another without crossing traffic streams
interchange	n.	mutual interaction; the activity of reciprocating or exchanging (especially information)
interchange	n.	the act of changing one thing for another thing
interchange	n.	reciprocal transfer of equivalent sums of money (especially the currencies of different countries)
interchange	v.	put in the place of another; switch seemingly equivalent items
interchange	v.	give to, and receive from, one another
interchange	v.	cause to change places
interchange	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
interchangeability	n.	the quality of being capable of exchange or interchange
interchangeable	adj.	(mathematics, logic) such that the arguments or roles can be interchanged
interchangeable	adj.	capable of replacing or changing places with something else; permitting mutual substitution without loss of function or suitability
interchangeably	adv.	in an interchangeable manner
intercollegiate	adj.	used of competition between colleges or universities
intercom	n.	a communication system linking different rooms within a building or ship etc
intercommunicate	v.	be interconnected, afford passage
intercommunicate	v.	transmit thoughts or feelings
intercommunication	n.	mutual communication; communication with each other
interconnect	v.	be interwoven or interconnected
interconnect	v.	cause to be interconnected or interwoven
interconnection	n.	a state of being connected reciprocally
interconnection	n.	(computer science) the act of interconnecting (wires or computers or theories etc.)
intercontinental	adj.	extending or taking place between or among continents
intercourse	n.	communication between individuals
intercourse	n.	the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur
interdenominational	adj.	occurring between or among or common to different churches or denominations
interdepartmental	adj.	between or among departments
interdepartmental	adv.	between departments
interdependence	n.	a reciprocal relation between interdependent entities (objects or individuals or groups)
interdependent	adj.	mutually dependent
interdict	n.	an ecclesiastical censure by the Roman Catholic Church withdrawing certain sacraments and Christian burial from a person or all persons in a particular district
interdict	n.	a court order prohibiting a party from doing a certain activity
interdict	v.	destroy by firepower, such as an enemy's line of communication
interdict	v.	command against
interdiction	n.	authoritative prohibition
interdiction	n.	a court order prohibiting a party from doing a certain activity
interdisciplinary	adj.	drawing from or characterized by participation of two or more fields of study
interest	n.	a sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or something
interest	n.	a reason for wanting something done
interest	n.	the power of attracting or holding one's attention (because it is unusual or exciting etc.)
interest	n.	a fixed charge for borrowing money; usually a percentage of the amount borrowed
interest	n.	(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something
interest	n.	(usually plural) a social group whose members control some field of activity and who have common aims
interest	n.	a diversion that occupies one's time and thoughts (usually pleasantly)
interest	v.	excite the curiosity of; engage the interest of
interest	v.	be on the mind of
interest	v.	be of importance or consequence
interested	v.	excite the curiosity of; engage the interest of
interested	v.	be on the mind of
interested	v.	be of importance or consequence
interested	adj.	having or showing interest; especially curiosity or fascination or concern
interested	adj.	involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in
interesting	v.	excite the curiosity of; engage the interest of
interesting	v.	be on the mind of
interesting	v.	be of importance or consequence
interesting	adj.	arousing or holding the attention
interface	n.	(chemistry) a surface forming a common boundary between two things (two objects or liquids or chemical phases)
interface	n.	(computer science) a program that controls a display for the user (usually on a computer monitor) and that allows the user to interact with the system
interface	n.	the overlap where two theories or phenomena affect each other or have links with each other
interface	n.	(computer science) computer circuit consisting of the hardware and associated circuitry that links one device with another (especially a computer and a hard disk drive or other peripherals)
interfaith	adj.	involving persons of different religious faiths
interfere	v.	come between so as to be hindrance or obstacle
interfere	v.	get involved, so as to alter or hinder an action, or through force or threat of force
interference	n.	a policy of intervening in the affairs of other countries
interference	n.	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding
interference	n.	electrical or acoustic activity that can disturb communication
interference	n.	(American football) blocking a player's path with your body
interference	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
interferon	n.	an antiviral protein produced by cells that have been invaded by a virus; inhibits replication of the virus
intergalactic	adj.	between or among galaxies
interim	n.	the time between one event, process, or period and another
interim	adj.	serving during an intermediate interval of time
interior	n.	the region that is inside of something
interior	n.	the inner or enclosed surface of something
interior	n.	the United States federal department charged with conservation and the development of natural resources; created in 1849
interior	adj.	situated within or suitable for inside a building
interior	adj.	inside the country
interior	adj.	located inward; - Leonard Bernstein; - David Denby; - A.R.Gurney,Jr.
interior	adj.	inside and toward a center
interior	adj.	of or coming from the middle of a region or country
interject	v.	to insert between other elements
interjection	n.	an abrupt emphatic exclamation expressing emotion
interjection	n.	the action of interjecting or interposing an action or remark that interrupts
interlace	v.	spin,wind, or twist together
interlace	v.	hold in a locking position
interlard	v.	introduce one's writing or speech with certain expressions
interleave	v.	provide (books) with blank leaves
interleave	v.	intersperse the sectors on the concentric magnetic circular patterns written on a computer disk surface to guide the storing and recording of data
interleave	v.	intersperse alternately, as of protective covers for book illustrations
interleukin	n.	any of several lymphokines that promote macrophages and killer T cells and B cells and other components of the immune system
interlinear	adj.	written between lines of text
interlink	v.	be interwoven or interconnected
interlink	v.	cause to be interconnected or interwoven
interlock	n.	a device that prevents an automotive engine from starting
interlock	n.	the act of interlocking or meshing
interlock	v.	coordinate in such a way that all parts work together effectively
interlock	v.	hold in a locking position
interlock	v.	become engaged or intermeshed with one another
interlocutor	n.	the performer in the middle of a minstrel line who engages the others in talk
interlocutor	n.	a person who takes part in a conversation
interlocutory	adj.	consisting of dialogue
interlope	v.	encroach on the rights of others, as in trading without a proper license
interloper	n.	someone who intrudes on the privacy or property of another without permission
interlude	n.	an intervening period or episode
interlude	n.	a brief show (music or dance etc) inserted between the sections of a longer performance
interlude	v.	perform an interlude
intermarriage	n.	marriage to a person belonging to a tribe or group other than your own as required by custom or law
intermarriage	n.	marriage within one's own tribe or group as required by custom or law
intermarry	v.	marry within the same ethnic, social, or family group
intermediary	n.	a negotiator who acts as a link between parties
intermediate	n.	a substance formed during a chemical process before the desired product is obtained
intermediate	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
intermediate	adj.	lying between two extremes in time or space or state
intermediate	adj.	around the middle of a scale of evaluation
interment	n.	the ritual placing of a corpse in a grave
interments	n.	the ritual placing of a corpse in a grave
intermezzi	n.	a short movement coming between the major sections of a symphony
intermezzi	n.	a short piece of instrumental music composed for performance between acts of a drama or opera
intermezzi	n.	a brief show (music or dance etc) inserted between the sections of a longer performance
intermezzo	n.	a short movement coming between the major sections of a symphony
intermezzo	n.	a short piece of instrumental music composed for performance between acts of a drama or opera
intermezzo	n.	a brief show (music or dance etc) inserted between the sections of a longer performance
interminably	adv.	all the time; seemingly without stopping
intermingle	v.	combine into one
intermission	n.	the act of suspending activity temporarily
intermission	n.	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
intermittence	n.	the quality of being intermittent; subject to interruption or periodic stopping
intermittency	n.	the quality of being intermittent; subject to interruption or periodic stopping
intermittent	adj.	stopping and starting at irregular intervals
intermix	v.	combine into one
intern	n.	an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining supervised practical experience (`houseman' is a British term)
intern	v.	deprive of freedom
intern	v.	work as an intern
internal	adj.	happening or arising or located within some limits or especially surface
internal	adj.	occurring within an institution or community
internal	adj.	inside the country
internal	adj.	located inward; - Leonard Bernstein; - David Denby; - A.R.Gurney,Jr.
internal	adj.	innermost or essential
internalization	n.	learning (of values or attitudes etc.) that is incorporated within yourself
internalize	v.	incorporate within oneself; make subjective or personal
international	n.	any of several international socialist organizations
international	adj.	concerning or belonging to all or at least two or more nations
international	adj.	from or between other countries
internationale	n.	a revolutionary socialist anthem
internationalism	n.	the doctrine that nations should cooperate because their common interests are more important than their differences
internationalism	n.	quality of being international in scope
internationalist	n.	an advocate of internationalism
internationalist	n.	a member of a socialist or communist international
internationalist	adj.	influenced by or advocating internationalism
internationalization	n.	the act of bringing something under international control
internationalize	v.	put under international control
internationalize	v.	make international in character
internecine	adj.	(of conflict) within a group or organization
internecine	adj.	characterized by bloodshed and carnage for both sides
internee	n.	a person who is interned
internet	n.	a computer network consisting of a worldwide network of computer networks that use the TCP/IP network protocols to facilitate data transmission and exchange
internist	n.	a specialist in internal medicine
internment	n.	confinement during wartime
internment	n.	the act of confining someone in a prison (or as if in a prison)
internment	n.	placing private property in the custody of an officer of the law
internship	n.	the position of a medical intern
interoperability	n.	(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks)
interoperable	adj.	able to exchange and use information
interpenetrate	v.	penetrate mutually or be interlocked
interpenetrate	v.	spread or diffuse through
interpersonal	adj.	occurring among or involving several people
interplanetary	adj.	between or among planets
interplay	n.	reciprocal action and reaction
interpol	n.	an international intelligence agency permitting collaboration among intelligence agencies around the world
interpolate	v.	estimate the value of
interpolate	v.	insert words into texts, often falsifying it thereby
interpolation	n.	a message (spoken or written) that is introduced or inserted
interpolation	n.	(mathematics) calculation of the value of a function between the values already known
interpolation	n.	the action of interjecting or interposing an action or remark that interrupts
interpose	v.	be or come between
interpose	v.	introduce
interpose	v.	to insert between other elements
interpose	v.	get involved, so as to alter or hinder an action, or through force or threat of force
interposition	n.	the action of interjecting or interposing an action or remark that interrupts
interposition	n.	the act or fact of interposing one thing between or among others
interpret	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
interpret	v.	give an interpretation or explanation to
interpret	v.	give an interpretation or rendition of
interpret	v.	create an image or likeness of
interpret	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
interpret	v.	make sense of a language
interpretation	n.	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something
interpretation	n.	the act of interpreting something as expressed in an artistic performance
interpretation	n.	an explanation that results from interpreting something
interpretation	n.	an explanation of something that is not immediately obvious
interpretative	adj.	that provides interpretation
interpreted	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
interpreted	v.	give an interpretation or explanation to
interpreted	v.	give an interpretation or rendition of
interpreted	v.	create an image or likeness of
interpreted	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
interpreted	v.	make sense of a language
interpreted	adj.	understood in a certain way; made sense of
interpreter	n.	someone who mediates between speakers of different languages
interpreter	n.	someone who uses art to represent something
interpreter	n.	an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose
interpreter	n.	(computer science) a program that translates and executes source language statements one line at a time
interracial	adj.	between races
interracial	adj.	involving or composed of different races
interred	v.	place in a grave or tomb
interred	adj.	placed in a grave
interregnum	n.	the time between two reigns, governments, etc.
interrelate	v.	be in a relationship with
interrelate	v.	place into a mutual relationship
interrelation	n.	mutual or reciprocal relation or relatedness
interrelationship	n.	mutual or reciprocal relation or relatedness
interring	v.	place in a grave or tomb
interrogate	v.	transmit (a signal) for setting off an appropriate response, as in telecommunication
interrogate	v.	pose a series of questions to
interrogation	n.	a sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply
interrogation	n.	a transmission that will trigger an answering transmission from a transponder
interrogation	n.	formal systematic questioning
interrogation	n.	an instance of questioning
interrogative	n.	a sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply
interrogative	n.	some linguists consider interrogative sentences to constitute a mood
interrogative	adj.	relating to verbs in the so-called interrogative mood
interrogative	adj.	relating to the use of or having the nature of an interrogation
interrogator	n.	a questioner who is excessively harsh
interrogatory	n.	formal systematic questioning
interrogatory	adj.	relating to the use of or having the nature of an interrogation
interrupt	n.	a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another procedure can be carried out
interrupt	v.	make a break in
interrupt	v.	destroy the peace or tranquility of
interrupt	v.	interfere in someone else's activity
interrupt	v.	terminate
interrupter	n.	a device for automatically interrupting an electric current
interruption	n.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity
interruption	n.	some abrupt occurrence that interrupts an ongoing activity
interruption	n.	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
interscholastic	adj.	used of competition or cooperation between secondary schools
intersect	v.	meet at a point
intersection	n.	a point where lines intersect
intersection	n.	a junction where one street or road crosses another
intersection	n.	a point or set of points common to two or more geometric configurations
intersection	n.	the set of elements common to two or more sets
intersection	n.	a representation of common ground between theories or phenomena
intersection	n.	the act of intersecting (as joining by causing your path to intersect your target's path)
intersex	n.	one having both male and female sexual characteristics and organs; at birth an unambiguous assignment of male or female cannot be made
intersperse	v.	place at intervals in or among
intersperse	v.	introduce one's writing or speech with certain expressions
interspersion	n.	the act of combining one thing at intervals among other things
interstate	n.	one of the system of highways linking major cities in the 48 contiguous states of the United States
interstate	adj.	involving and relating to the mutual relations of states especially of the United States
interstellar	adj.	between or among stars
interstice	n.	a small structural space between tissues or parts of an organ
interstice	n.	small opening between things
interstitial	adj.	of or relating to interstices
intertwine	v.	spin,wind, or twist together
intertwine	v.	make lacework by knotting or looping
intertwine	v.	make a loop in
interval	n.	a definite length of time marked off by two instants
interval	n.	a set containing all points (or all real numbers) between two given endpoints
interval	n.	the distance between things
interval	n.	the difference in pitch between two notes
intervene	v.	get involved, so as to alter or hinder an action, or through force or threat of force
intervene	v.	be placed or located between other things or extend between spaces and events
intervene	v.	occur between other event or between certain points of time
intervention	n.	the act of intervening (as to mediate a dispute, etc.)
intervention	n.	a policy of intervening in the affairs of other countries
intervention	n.	the act or fact of interposing one thing between or among others
intervention	n.	(law) a proceeding that permits a person to enter into a lawsuit already in progress; admission of person not an original party to the suit so that person can protect some right or interest that is allegedly affected by the proceedings
intervention	n.	care provided to improve a situation (especially medical procedures or applications that are intended to relieve illness or injury)
interview	n.	the questioning of a person (or a conversation in which information is elicited); often conducted by journalists
interview	n.	a conference (usually with someone important)
interview	v.	conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting
interview	v.	discuss formally with (somebody) for the purpose of an evaluation
interview	v.	go for an interview in the hope of being hired
interviewee	n.	a person who is interviewed
interviewer	n.	a person who conducts an interview
interweave	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
interwove	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
interwoven	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
interwoven	adj.	linked or locked closely together as by dovetailing
intestacy	n.	the situation of being or dying without a legally valid will
intestate	adj.	having made no legally valid will before death or not disposed of by a legal will
intestinal	adj.	of or relating to or inside the intestines
intestine	n.	the part of the alimentary canal between the stomach and the anus
intifada	n.	an uprising by Palestinian Arabs (in both the Gaza Strip and the West Bank) against Israel in the late 1980s and again in 2000
intimacy	n.	close or warm friendship
intimacy	n.	a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
intimacy	n.	a feeling of being intimate and belonging together
intimate	n.	someone to whom private matters are confided
intimate	v.	give to understand
intimate	v.	imply as a possibility
intimate	adj.	marked by close acquaintance, association, or familiarity; ;  - V.L. Parrington
intimate	adj.	having or fostering a warm or friendly and informal atmosphere
intimate	adj.	having mutual interests or affections; of established friendship
intimate	adj.	involved in a sexual relationship
intimate	adj.	innermost or essential
intimate	adj.	thoroughly acquainted through study or experience; -W.H.Hudson; - Herbert Read
intimation	n.	an indirect suggestion
intimation	n.	a slight suggestion or vague understanding
intimidate	v.	make timid or fearful
intimidate	v.	to compel or deter by or as if by threats
intimidating	v.	make timid or fearful
intimidating	v.	to compel or deter by or as if by threats
intimidating	adj.	discouraging through fear
intimidation	n.	the act of intimidating a weaker person to make them do something
intimidation	n.	the feeling of discouragement in the face of someone's superior fame or wealth or status etc.
intimidation	n.	the feeling of being intimidated; being made to feel afraid or timid
intimidation	n.	a communication that makes you afraid to try something
intonation	n.	rise and fall of the voice pitch
intonation	n.	singing by a soloist of the opening piece of plainsong
intonation	n.	the act of singing in a monotonous tone
intonation	n.	the production of musical tones (by voice or instrument); especially the exactitude of the pitch relations
intoxicant	n.	a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent
intoxicant	n.	a drug that can produce a state of intoxication
intoxicant	adj.	causing
intoxicate	v.	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism
intoxicate	v.	make drunk (with alcoholic drinks)
intoxicate	v.	have an intoxicating effect on, of a drug
intoxication	n.	the physiological state produced by a poison or other toxic substance
intoxication	n.	a temporary state resulting from excessive consumption of alcohol
intoxication	n.	excitement and elation beyond the bounds of sobriety
intracranial	adj.	within the skull
intramural	adj.	carried on within the bounds of an institution or community
intramuscular	adj.	within a muscle
intranet	n.	a restricted computer network; a private network created using World Wide Web software
intransigence	n.	the trait of being intransigent; stubbornly refusing to compromise
intransigent	adj.	impervious to pleas, persuasion, requests, reason; ; - W.Churchill
intrastate	adj.	relating to or existing within the boundaries of a state
intrauterine	adj.	within the womb
intravenous	adj.	within or by means of a vein
intrepid	adj.	invulnerable to fear or intimidation
intrepidity	n.	resolute courageousness
intricacy	n.	marked by elaborately complex detail
intricate	adj.	having many complexly arranged elements; elaborate
intrigue	n.	a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends
intrigue	n.	a clandestine love affair
intrigue	v.	cause to be interested or curious
intrigue	v.	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner
intriguer	n.	a person who devises plots or intrigues
intriguing	v.	cause to be interested or curious
intriguing	v.	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner
intriguing	adj.	disturbingly provocative
intriguing	adj.	capable of arousing interest or curiosity
intrinsic	adj.	belonging to a thing by its very nature; - John Dewey
intrinsic	adj.	situated within or belonging solely to the organ or body part on which it acts
intrinsically	adv.	with respect to its inherent nature
intro	n.	formally making a person known to another or to the public
intro	n.	a brief introductory passage to a piece of popular music
introduce	v.	cause to come to know personally
introduce	v.	bring something new to an environment
introduce	v.	introduce
introduce	v.	bring in a new person or object into a familiar environment
introduce	v.	bring in or establish in a new place or environment
introduce	v.	put or introduce into something
introduce	v.	bring before the public for the first time, as of an actor, song, etc.
introduce	v.	put before (a body)
introduce	v.	furnish with a preface or introduction
introduce	v.	be a precursor of
introduction	n.	the act of beginning something new
introduction	n.	the first section of a communication
introduction	n.	formally making a person known to another or to the public
introduction	n.	a basic or elementary instructional text
introduction	n.	a new proposal
introduction	n.	the act of putting one thing into another
introduction	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
introductions	n.	the act of beginning something new
introductions	n.	the first section of a communication
introductions	n.	formally making a person known to another or to the public
introductions	n.	a basic or elementary instructional text
introductions	n.	a new proposal
introductions	n.	the act of putting one thing into another
introductions	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
introductory	adj.	serving to open or begin
introductory	adj.	serving as a base or starting point
introductory	adj.	serving as an introduction or preface
introit	n.	a composition of vocal music that is appropriate for opening church services
introspect	v.	reflect on one's own thoughts and feelings
introspection	n.	the contemplation of your own thoughts and desires and conduct
introspective	adj.	given to examining own sensory and perceptual experiences
introversion	n.	the condition of being folded inward or sheathed
introversion	n.	the folding in of an outer layer so as to form a pocket in the surface
introversion	n.	(psychology) an introverted disposition; concern with one's own thoughts and feelings
introvert	n.	(psychology) a person who tends to shrink from social contacts and to become preoccupied with their own thoughts
introvert	v.	fold inwards
introvert	v.	turn inside
intrude	v.	enter uninvited
intrude	v.	enter unlawfully on someone's property
intrude	v.	search or inquire in a meddlesome way
intrude	v.	thrust oneself in as if by force
intruder	n.	someone who intrudes on the privacy or property of another without permission
intrusion	n.	any entry into an area not previously occupied
intrusion	n.	entrance by force or without permission or welcome
intrusion	n.	the forcing of molten rock into fissures or between strata of an earlier rock formation
intrusion	n.	rock produced by an intrusive process
intrusion	n.	entry to another's property without right or permission
intrusive	adj.	tending to intrude (especially upon privacy)
intrusive	adj.	of rock material; forced while molten into cracks between layers of other rock
intrusive	adj.	thrusting inward
intrusiveness	n.	aggressiveness as evidenced by intruding; by advancing yourself or your ideas without invitation
intuit	v.	know or grasp by intuition or feeling
intuition	n.	instinctive knowing (without the use of rational processes)
intuition	n.	an impression that something might be the case
intuitive	adj.	spontaneously derived from or prompted by a natural tendency
intuitive	adj.	obtained through intuition rather than from reasoning or observation
inuit	n.	a member of a people inhabiting the Arctic (northern Canada or Greenland or Alaska or eastern Siberia); the Algonquians called them Eskimo (`eaters of raw flesh') but they call themselves the Inuit (`the people')
inundate	v.	fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid
inundate	v.	fill or cover completely, usually with water
inundation	n.	the rising of a body of water and its overflowing onto normally dry land
inundation	n.	an overwhelming number or amount
inure	v.	cause to accept or become hardened to; habituate
invade	v.	march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purposes of conquest and occupation
invade	v.	to intrude upon, infringe, encroach on, violate
invade	v.	occupy in large numbers or live on a host
invade	v.	penetrate or assault, in a harmful or injurious way
invader	n.	someone who enters by force in order to conquer
invalid	n.	someone who is incapacitated by a chronic illness or injury
invalid	v.	force to retire, remove from active duty, as of firemen
invalid	v.	injure permanently
invalid	adj.	having no cogency or legal force
invalid	adj.	no longer valid
invalidism	n.	chronic ill health
invaluable	adj.	having incalculable monetary, intellectual, or spiritual worth
invar	n.	an alloy of iron and nickel having a low coefficient of thermal expansion; used in tuning forks and measuring tapes and other instruments
invariant	n.	a feature (quantity or property or function) that remains unchanged when a particular transformation is applied to it
invariant	adj.	unaffected by a designated operation or transformation
invariant	adj.	unvarying in nature
invasion	n.	the act of invading; the act of an army that invades for conquest or plunder
invasion	n.	any entry into an area not previously occupied
invasion	n.	(pathology) the spread of pathogenic microorganisms or malignant cells to new sites in the body
invasive	adj.	relating to a technique in which the body is entered by puncture or incision
invasive	adj.	marked by a tendency to spread especially into healthy tissue
invasive	adj.	involving invasion or aggressive attack
invasive	adj.	gradually intrusive without right or permission
invective	n.	abusive or venomous language used to express blame or censure or bitter deep-seated ill will
inveigh	v.	complain bitterly
inveigh	v.	speak against in an impassioned manner
inveighs	v.	complain bitterly
inveighs	v.	speak against in an impassioned manner
inveigle	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
invent	v.	come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a mental effort
invent	v.	make up something artificial or untrue
invention	n.	the creation of something in the mind
invention	n.	a creation (a new device or process) resulting from study and experimentation
invention	n.	the act of inventing
inventive	adj.	(used of persons or artifacts) marked by independence and creativity in thought or action; ; - Lewis Mumford
inventiveness	n.	the power of creative imagination
inventor	n.	someone who is the first to think of or make something
inventory	n.	a detailed list of all the items in stock
inventory	n.	the merchandise that a shop has on hand
inventory	n.	(accounting) the value of a firm's current assets including raw materials and work in progress and finished goods
inventory	n.	a collection of resources
inventory	n.	making an itemized list of merchandise or supplies on hand
inventory	v.	make or include in an itemized record or report
inverse	n.	something inverted in sequence or character or effect
inverse	adj.	reversed (turned backward) in order or nature or effect
inverse	adj.	opposite in nature or effect or relation to another quantity
invert	v.	make an inversion (in a musical composition)
invert	v.	reverse the position, order, relation, or condition of
invert	v.	turn inside out or upside down
inverter	n.	an electrical converter that converts direct current into alternating current
invest	v.	make an investment
invest	v.	give qualities or abilities to
invest	v.	furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors
invest	v.	provide with power and authority
invest	v.	place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position
investigate	v.	investigate scientifically
investigate	v.	conduct an inquiry or investigation of
investigation	n.	an inquiry into unfamiliar or questionable activities
investigation	n.	the work of inquiring into something thoroughly and systematically
investigator	n.	a scientist who devotes himself to doing research
investigator	n.	someone who investigates
investigator	n.	a police officer who investigates crimes
investigatory	adj.	designed to find information or ascertain facts
investiture	n.	the ceremony of installing a new monarch
investiture	n.	the ceremonial act of clothing someone in the insignia of an office; the formal promotion of a person to an office or rank
investment	n.	the act of investing; laying out money or capital in an enterprise with the expectation of profit
investment	n.	money that is invested with an expectation of profit
investment	n.	the commitment of something other than money (time, energy, or effort) to a project with the expectation of some worthwhile result
investment	n.	outer layer or covering of an organ or part or organism
investment	n.	the act of putting on robes or vestments
investment	n.	the ceremonial act of clothing someone in the insignia of an office; the formal promotion of a person to an office or rank
investor	n.	someone who commits capital in order to gain financial returns
inveterate	adj.	habitual
inveterate	adv.	in a habitual and longstanding manner
invidious	adj.	containing or implying a slight or showing prejudice
invigilate	v.	watch over (students taking an exam, to prevent cheating)
invigilator	n.	someone who watches examination candidates to prevent cheating
invigorate	v.	heighten or intensify
invigorate	v.	give life or energy to
invigorate	v.	make lively
invigorate	v.	impart vigor, strength, or vitality to
invigorating	v.	heighten or intensify
invigorating	v.	give life or energy to
invigorating	v.	make lively
invigorating	v.	impart vigor, strength, or vitality to
invigorating	adj.	imparting strength and vitality
invigoration	n.	quality of being active or spirited or alive and vigorous
invigoration	n.	the activity of giving vitality and vigour to something
invincibility	n.	the property being difficult or impossible to defeat
invincibly	adv.	in an invincible manner
inviolate	adj.	(of a woman) having the hymen unbroken
inviolate	adj.	must be kept sacred
invitation	n.	a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in something
invitation	n.	a tempting allurement
invitational	adj.	pertaining to or characteristic of an invitation
invite	n.	a colloquial expression for invitation
invite	v.	increase the likelihood of
invite	v.	invite someone to one's house
invite	v.	give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting
invite	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
invite	v.	have as a guest
invite	v.	ask to enter
invite	v.	request the participation or presence of
invite	v.	express willingness to have in one's home or environs
invited	v.	increase the likelihood of
invited	v.	invite someone to one's house
invited	v.	give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting
invited	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
invited	v.	have as a guest
invited	v.	ask to enter
invited	v.	request the participation or presence of
invited	v.	express willingness to have in one's home or environs
invitee	n.	a visitor to whom hospitality is extended
inviting	v.	increase the likelihood of
inviting	v.	invite someone to one's house
inviting	v.	give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting
inviting	v.	ask someone in a friendly way to do something
inviting	v.	have as a guest
inviting	v.	ask to enter
inviting	v.	request the participation or presence of
inviting	v.	express willingness to have in one's home or environs
inviting	adj.	attractive and tempting
invoke	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
invoke	v.	cite as an authority; resort to
invoke	v.	request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection
involuntariness	n.	the trait of being unwilling
involuntary	adj.	not subject to the control of the will; ; ; ; - John F.Kennedy
involuntary	adj.	controlled by the autonomic nervous system; without conscious control
involution	n.	reduction in size of an organ or part (as in the return of the uterus to normal size after childbirth)
involution	n.	a long and intricate and complicated grammatical construction
involution	n.	marked by elaborately complex detail
involution	n.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group
involution	n.	the process of raising a quantity to some assigned power
involution	n.	the action of enfolding something
involve	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
involve	v.	engage as a participant
involve	v.	have as a necessary feature
involve	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
involve	v.	contain as a part
involve	v.	occupy or engage the interest of
involve	v.	make complex or intricate or complicated
involved	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
involved	v.	engage as a participant
involved	v.	have as a necessary feature
involved	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
involved	v.	contain as a part
involved	v.	occupy or engage the interest of
involved	v.	make complex or intricate or complicated
involved	adj.	connected by participation or association or use
involved	adj.	entangled or hindered as if e.g. in mire
involved	adj.	emotionally involved
involved	adj.	highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - Sir Walter Scott
involved	adj.	enveloped
involvement	n.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group
involvement	n.	a connection of inclusion or containment
involvement	n.	a sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or something
involvement	n.	a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
involvement	n.	the condition of sharing in common with others (as fellows or partners etc.)
inward	adj.	relating to or existing in the mind or thoughts
inward	adj.	directed or moving inward or toward a center
inward	adv.	toward the center or interior
inward	adv.	to or toward the inside of
io	n.	(Greek mythology) a maiden seduced by Zeus; when Hera was about to discover them together Zeus turned her into a white heifer
io	n.	the closest of Jupiter's moons; has active volcanoes
iodide	n.	a salt or ester of hydriodic acid
iodine	n.	a nonmetallic element belonging to the halogens; used especially in medicine and photography and in dyes; occurs naturally only in combination in small quantities (as in sea water or rocks)
iodine	n.	a tincture consisting of a solution of iodine in ethyl alcohol; applied topically to wounds as an antiseptic
iodize	v.	treat with iodine
iodize	v.	treat with iodine so as to prevent infection
ion	n.	a particle that is electrically charged (positive or negative); an atom or molecule or group that has lost or gained one or more electrons
ionesco	n.	French dramatist (born in Romania) who was a leading exponent of the theater of the absurd (1912-1994)
ionian	n.	a member of one of four linguistic divisions of the prehistoric Greeks
ionian	n.	the ancient Greek inhabitants of Attica and related regions in Ionia
ionian	adj.	of or pertaining to the ancient Ionians who lived in Attica and related territories, to their Ionic dialect of Greek, or to their culture
ionic	n.	the dialect of Ancient Greek spoken and written in Attica and Athens and Ionia
ionic	adj.	containing or involving or occurring in the form of ions
ionic	adj.	of or pertaining to the Ionic order of classical Greek architecture
ionic	adj.	of or relating to Ionia or its inhabitants or its language
ionization	n.	the condition of being dissociated into ions (as by heat or radiation or chemical reaction or electrical discharge)
ionization	n.	the process of ionizing; the formation of ions by separating atoms or molecules or radicals or by adding or subtracting electrons from atoms by strong electric fields in a gas
ionize	v.	become converted into ions
ionize	v.	convert into ions
ionosphere	n.	the outer region of the Earth's atmosphere; contains a high concentration of free electrons
ios	n.	(Greek mythology) a maiden seduced by Zeus; when Hera was about to discover them together Zeus turned her into a white heifer
ios	n.	the closest of Jupiter's moons; has active volcanoes
iota	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
iota	n.	the 9th letter of the Greek alphabet
iou	n.	an informal debt instrument; representing `I owe you'
iowa	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly living in Iowa and Minnesota and Missouri
iowa	n.	a state in midwestern United States
iowa	n.	a dialect of the Chiwere language spoken by the Iowa
iowan	n.	a native or resident of Iowa
ip	n.	the sciences concerned with gathering, manipulating, storing, retrieving, and classifying recorded information
ipecac	n.	a medicinal drug used to evoke vomiting (especially in cases of drug overdose or poisoning)
iphigenia	n.	(Greek mythology) the daughter of Clytemnestra and Agamemnon; Agamemnon was obliged to offer her as a sacrifice to Artemis when the Greek fleet was becalmed on its way to Troy; Artemis rescued her and she later became a priestess
ipo	n.	a corporation's first offer to sell stock to the public
ipod	n.	(trademark) a pocket-sized device used to play music files
iq	n.	a measure of a person's intelligence as indicated by an intelligence test; the ratio of a person's mental age to their chronological age (multiplied by 100)
ir	n.	a heavy brittle metallic element of the platinum group; used in alloys; occurs in natural alloys with platinum or osmium
ir	n.	a board of the British government that administers and collects major direct taxes
ira	n.	a militant organization of Irish nationalists who used terrorism and guerilla warfare in an effort to drive British forces from Northern Ireland and achieve a united independent Ireland
ira	n.	a retirement plan that allows you to contribute a limited yearly sum toward your retirement; taxes on the interest earned in the account are deferred
ira	n.	belligerence aroused by a real or supposed wrong (personified as one of the deadly sins)
iran	n.	a theocratic Islamic republic in the Middle East in western Asia; Iran was the core of the ancient empire that was known as Persia until 1935; rich in oil
iranian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Iran
iranian	n.	the modern Persian language spoken in Iran
iranian	adj.	of or relating to Iran or its people or language or culture
iraq	n.	a republic in the Middle East in western Asia; the ancient civilization of Mesopotamia was in the area now known as Iraq
iraqi	n.	a native or inhabitant of Iraq
iraqi	adj.	of or relating to Iraq or its people or culture
irascibility	n.	a feeling of resentful anger
irascible	adj.	quickly aroused to anger
irascible	adj.	characterized by anger
irate	adj.	feeling or showing extreme anger
ire	n.	a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed grievance
ire	n.	belligerence aroused by a real or supposed wrong (personified as one of the deadly sins)
ireful	adj.	feeling or showing extreme anger
ireland	n.	a republic consisting of 26 of 32 counties comprising the island of Ireland; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1921
ireland	n.	an island comprising the republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
irenic	adj.	conducive to peace
irides	n.	plants with sword-shaped leaves and erect stalks bearing bright-colored flowers composed of three petals and three drooping sepals
irides	n.	muscular diaphragm that controls the size of the pupil which in turn controls the amount of light that enters the eye; it forms the colored portion of the eye
irides	n.	diaphragm consisting of thin overlapping plates that can be adjusted to change the diameter of a central opening
iridescence	n.	the visual property of something having a milky brightness and a play of colors from the surface
iridescent	adj.	varying in color when seen in different lights or from different angles
iridescent	adj.	having a play of lustrous rainbow colors
iridium	n.	a heavy brittle metallic element of the platinum group; used in alloys; occurs in natural alloys with platinum or osmium
iris	n.	plants with sword-shaped leaves and erect stalks bearing bright-colored flowers composed of three petals and three drooping sepals
iris	n.	muscular diaphragm that controls the size of the pupil which in turn controls the amount of light that enters the eye; it forms the colored portion of the eye
iris	n.	diaphragm consisting of thin overlapping plates that can be adjusted to change the diameter of a central opening
irish	n.	people of Ireland or of Irish extraction
irish	n.	whiskey made in Ireland chiefly from barley
irish	n.	the Celtic language of Ireland
irish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Ireland or its people
irishman	n.	a man who is a native or inhabitant of Ireland
irishmen	n.	a man who is a native or inhabitant of Ireland
irishwoman	n.	a woman who is a native or inhabitant of Ireland
irishwomen	n.	a woman who is a native or inhabitant of Ireland
irk	v.	irritate or vex
irksome	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
iron	n.	a heavy ductile magnetic metallic element; is silver-white in pure form but readily rusts; used in construction and tools and armament; plays a role in the transport of oxygen by the blood
iron	n.	a golf club that has a relatively narrow metal head
iron	n.	implement used to brand live stock
iron	n.	home appliance consisting of a flat metal base that is heated and used to smooth cloth
iron	v.	press and smooth with a heated iron
iron	adj.	extremely robust
ironclad	n.	a wooden warship of the 19th century that is plated with iron or steel armor
ironclad	adj.	sheathed in iron plates for protection
ironclad	adj.	inflexibly entrenched and unchangeable
ironic	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
ironic	adj.	characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is expected and what actually is
ironical	adj.	characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is expected and what actually is
ironical	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
ironing	n.	garments (clothes or linens) that are to be (or have been) ironed
ironing	n.	the work of using heat to smooth washed clothes in order to remove any wrinkles
ironing	v.	press and smooth with a heated iron
ironmonger	n.	someone who sells hardware
ironmonger	n.	a store selling hardware
ironmongery	n.	the merchandise that is sold in an ironmonger's shop
ironware	n.	instrumentalities (tools or implements) made of metal
ironwood	n.	handsome East Indian evergreen tree often planted as an ornamental for its fragrant white flowers that yield a perfume; source of very heavy hardwood used for railroad ties
ironwood	n.	exceptionally tough or hard wood of any of a number of ironwood trees
ironwood	n.	a small slow-growing deciduous tree of northern Iran having a low domed shape
ironwood	n.	medium-sized hop hornbeam of eastern North America
ironwork	n.	work made of iron (gratings or rails or railings etc)
irony	n.	witty language used to convey insults or scorn; ; ; --Jonathan Swift
irony	n.	incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs
irony	n.	a trope that involves incongruity between what is expected and what occurs
iroquoian	n.	a family of North American Indian languages spoken by the Iroquois
iroquois	n.	any member of the warlike North American Indian peoples formerly living in New York State; the Iroquois League were allies of the British during the American Revolution
iroquois	n.	a family of North American Indian languages spoken by the Iroquois
irradiate	v.	give spiritual insight to; in religion
irradiate	v.	cast rays of light upon
irradiate	v.	expose to radiation
irradiation	n.	the condition of being exposed to radiation
irradiation	n.	a column of light (as from a beacon)
irradiation	n.	(physiology) the spread of sensory neural impulses in the cortex
irradiation	n.	the apparent enlargement of a bright object when viewed against a dark background
irradiation	n.	(Pavolvian conditioning) the elicitation of a conditioned response by stimulation similar but not identical to the original stimulus
irradiation	n.	(medicine) the treatment of disease (especially cancer) by exposure to a radioactive substance
irrational	n.	a real number that cannot be expressed as a rational number
irrational	adj.	not consistent with or using reason
irrational	adj.	real but not expressible as the quotient of two integers
irrationality	n.	the state of being irrational; lacking powers of understanding
irrawaddy	n.	the main river of Myanmar rising in the north and flowing south through the length of Burma to empty into the Andaman Sea
irreclaimable	adj.	insusceptible of reform
irreconcilable	adj.	impossible to reconcile
irrecoverable	adj.	incapable of being recovered or regained
irredeemable	adj.	insusceptible of reform
irredeemable	adj.	(of paper money) not convertible into coin at the pleasure of the holder
irreducible	adj.	incapable of being made smaller or simpler
irrefutable	adj.	impossible to deny or disprove
irregular	n.	a member of an irregular armed force that fights a stronger force by sabotage and harassment
irregular	n.	merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name
irregular	adj.	contrary to rule or accepted order or general practice
irregular	adj.	not occurring at expected times
irregular	adj.	(used of the military) not belonging to or engaged in by regular army forces
irregular	adj.	(of solids) not having clear dimensions that can be measured; volume must be determined with the principle of liquid displacement
irregular	adj.	falling below the manufacturer's standard
irregular	adj.	deviating from normal expectations; somewhat odd, strange, or abnormal
irregular	adj.	lacking continuity or regularity
irregular	adj.	(of a surface or shape); not level or flat or symmetrical
irregular	adj.	independent in behavior or thought
irregularity	n.	behavior that breaches the rule or etiquette or custom or morality
irregularity	n.	not characterized by a fixed principle or rate; at irregular intervals
irregularity	n.	an irregular asymmetry in shape; an irregular spatial pattern
irregularity	n.	irregular and infrequent or difficult evacuation of the bowels; can be a symptom of intestinal obstruction or diverticulitis
irrelevance	n.	the lack of a relation of something to the matter at hand
irrelevancy	n.	the lack of a relation of something to the matter at hand
irrelevant	adj.	having no bearing on or connection with the subject at issue
irreligion	n.	the quality of not being devout
irreligious	adj.	hostile or indifferent to religion
irremediable	adj.	impossible to remedy or correct or redress
irremovable	adj.	incapable of being removed or away or dismiss
irreparable	adj.	impossible to repair, rectify, or amend
irreparably	adv.	in an irreparable manner or to an irreparable degree
irreplaceable	adj.	impossible to replace
irrepressible	adj.	impossible to repress or control
irreproachable	adj.	free of guilt; not subject to blame
irreproachably	adv.	in an irreproachable and blameless manner
irresistible	adj.	impossible to resist; overpowering
irresistible	adj.	overpoweringly attractive
irresistibly	adv.	incapable of being resisted
irresolute	adj.	uncertain how to act or proceed
irresoluteness	n.	the trait of being irresolute; lacking firmness of purpose
irresolution	n.	doubt concerning two or more possible alternatives or courses of action
irresolution	n.	the trait of being irresolute; lacking firmness of purpose
irrespective	adv.	in spite of everything; without regard to drawbacks
irresponsibility	n.	a form of untrustworthiness; the trait of lacking a sense of responsibility and not feeling accountable for your actions
irresponsible	adj.	showing lack of care for consequences
irresponsibly	adv.	in an irresponsible manner
irretrievable	adj.	impossible to recover or recoup or overcome
irretrievably	adv.	in an irretrievable manner
irreverence	n.	an irreverent mental attitude
irreverence	n.	a disrespectful act
irreverent	adj.	showing lack of due respect or veneration
irreverent	adj.	characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality
irreverent	adj.	not revering god
irreversible	adj.	incapable of being reversed
irreversibly	adv.	in an irreversible manner
irrevocable	adj.	incapable of being retracted or revoked; - Shakespeare
irrevocably	adv.	in an irrevocable manner
irrigate	v.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams
irrigate	v.	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting
irrigation	n.	supplying dry land with water by means of ditches etc
irrigation	n.	(medicine) cleaning a wound or body organ by flushing or washing out with water or a medicated solution
irritability	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
irritability	n.	excessive sensitivity of an organ or body part
irritability	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
irritable	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
irritable	adj.	abnormally sensitive to a stimulus
irritable	adj.	capable of responding to stimuli
irritably	adv.	in a petulant manner
irritably	adv.	in an irritable manner
irritant	n.	something that causes irritation and annoyance
irritate	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
irritate	v.	excite to an abnormal condition, or chafe or inflame
irritate	v.	excite to some characteristic action or condition, such as motion, contraction, or nervous impulse, by the application of a stimulus
irritating	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
irritating	v.	excite to an abnormal condition, or chafe or inflame
irritating	v.	excite to some characteristic action or condition, such as motion, contraction, or nervous impulse, by the application of a stimulus
irritating	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
irritating	adj.	(used of physical stimuli) serving to stimulate or excite
irritating	adj.	causing physical discomfort
irritation	n.	the psychological state of being irritated or annoyed
irritation	n.	a sudden outburst of anger
irritation	n.	(pathology) abnormal sensitivity to stimulation
irritation	n.	the neural or electrical arousal of an organ or muscle or gland
irritation	n.	an uncomfortable feeling of mental painfulness or distress
irritation	n.	unfriendly behavior that causes anger or resentment
irritation	n.	the act of troubling or annoying someone
irrupt	v.	enter uninvited
irrupt	v.	erupt or intensify suddenly
irrupt	v.	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner
irruption	n.	a sudden violent entrance; a bursting in
irruption	n.	a sudden sharp increase in the relative numbers of a population
irruption	n.	a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually of some undesirable condition)
irs	n.	the bureau of the Treasury Department responsible for tax collections
irtish	n.	an Asian river that rises in the Altai Mountains in northern China and flows generally northwest to become a tributary of the Ob River
irving	n.	United States writer remembered for his stories (1783-1859)
irving	n.	United States writer of darkly humorous novels (born in 1942)
isaac	n.	(Old Testament) the second patriarch; son of Abraham and Sarah who was offered by Abraham as a sacrifice to God; father of Jacob and Esau
isabella	n.	the queen of Castile whose marriage to Ferdinand of Aragon in 1469 marked the beginning of the modern state of Spain; they instituted the Spanish Inquisition in 1478 and sponsored the voyages of Christopher Columbus in 1492 (1451-1504)
isaiah	n.	(Old Testament) the first of the major Hebrew prophets (8th century BC)
isaiah	n.	an Old Testament book consisting of Isaiah's prophecies
ischemia	n.	local anemia in a given body part sometimes resulting from vasoconstriction or thrombosis or embolism
ischemic	adj.	relating to or affected by ischemia
isfahan	n.	city in central Iran; former capital of Persia
isherwood	n.	United States writer (born in England) whose best known novels portray Berlin in the 1930's and who collaborated with W. H. Auden in writing plays in verse (1904-1986)
ishmael	n.	(Old Testament) the son of Abraham who was cast out after the birth of Isaac; considered the forebear of 12 Arabian tribes
ishmael	n.	a person who is rejected (from society or home)
ishtar	n.	Babylonian and Assyrian goddess of love and fertility and war; counterpart to the Phoenician Astarte
isinglass	n.	any of various minerals consisting of hydrous silicates of aluminum or potassium etc. that crystallize in forms that allow perfect cleavage into very thin leaves; used as dielectrics because of their resistance to electricity
isis	n.	Egyptian goddess of fertility; daughter of Geb; sister and wife of Osiris
isis	n.	the Pakistan intelligence agency; a powerful and almost autonomous political and military force; has procured nuclear technology and delivery capabilities; has had strong ties with the Taliban and other militant Islamic groups
islam	n.	the civilization of Muslims collectively which is governed by the Muslim religion
islam	n.	the monotheistic religious system of Muslims founded in Arabia in the 7th century and based on the teachings of Muhammad as laid down in the Koran
islamabad	n.	the capital of Pakistan in the north on a plateau; the site was chosen in 1959
islamic	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Islamism
islamism	n.	a fundamentalist Islamic revivalist movement generally characterized by moral conservatism and the literal interpretation of the Koran and the attempt to implement Islamic values in all aspects of life
islamism	n.	the monotheistic religious system of Muslims founded in Arabia in the 7th century and based on the teachings of Muhammad as laid down in the Koran
islamist	n.	a scholar who knowledgeable in Islamic studies
islamist	n.	an orthodox Muslim
islamophobia	n.	prejudice against Muslims
island	n.	a land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water
island	n.	a zone or area resembling an island
islander	n.	an inhabitant of an island
isle	n.	a small island
islet	n.	a small island
ism	n.	a belief (or system of beliefs) accepted as authoritative by some group or school
isms	n.	a belief (or system of beliefs) accepted as authoritative by some group or school
isobar	n.	(meteorology)an isogram connecting points having equal barometric pressure at a given time
isolate	v.	place or set apart
isolate	v.	obtain in pure form
isolate	v.	set apart from others
isolate	v.	separate (experiences) from the emotions relating to them
isolation	n.	a state of separation between persons or groups
isolation	n.	a feeling of being disliked and alone
isolation	n.	the act of isolating something; setting something apart from others
isolation	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism in which memory of an unacceptable act or impulse is separated from the emotion originally associated with it
isolation	n.	a country's withdrawal from international politics
isolationism	n.	a policy of nonparticipation in international economic and political relations
isolationist	n.	an advocate of isolationism in international affairs
isolationist	adj.	of or relating to isolationism
isolde	n.	(Middle Ages) the bride of the king of Cornwall who (according to legend) fell in love with the king's nephew (Tristan) after they mistakenly drank a love potion that left them eternally in love with each other
isomer	n.	a compound that exists in forms having different arrangements of atoms but the same molecular weight
isomeric	adj.	of or relating to or exhibiting isomerism
isomerism	n.	the state of being an isomer; the complex of chemical and physical phenomena characteristic of isomers
isometric	n.	a line connecting isometric points
isometric	adj.	related by an isometry
isometric	adj.	of or involving muscular contraction in which tension increases while length remains constant
isometric	adj.	having equal dimensions or measurements
isometric	adj.	of a crystal system characterized by three equal axes at right angles
isometrics	n.	muscle-building exercises (or a system of musclebuilding exercises) involving muscular contractions against resistance without movement (the muscles contracts but the length of the muscle does not change)
isometrics	n.	a line connecting isometric points
isomorphic	adj.	having similar appearance but genetically different
isomorphism	n.	(biology) similarity or identity of form or shape or structure
isosceles	adj.	(of a triangle) having two sides of equal length
isotherm	n.	(meteorology) an isogram connecting points having the same temperature at a given time
isotope	n.	one of two or more atoms with the same atomic number but with different numbers of neutrons
isotopic	adj.	of or relating to or having the relation of an isotope
isotropic	adj.	invariant with respect to direction
israel	n.	Jewish republic in southwestern Asia at eastern end of Mediterranean; formerly part of Palestine
israel	n.	an ancient kingdom of the Hebrew tribes at the southeastern end of the Mediterranean Sea; founded by Saul around 1025 BC and destroyed by the Assyrians in 721 BC
israeli	n.	a native or inhabitant of Israel
israeli	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Israel or its people
israelite	n.	a native or inhabitant of the ancient kingdom of Israel
israelite	n.	a person belonging to the worldwide group claiming descent from Jacob (or converted to it) and connected by cultural or religious ties
issachar	n.	(Old Testament) a son of Jacob and a forebear of one of the tribes of Israel
issuance	n.	the act of providing an item for general use or for official purposes (usually in quantity)
issue	n.	an important question that is in dispute and must be settled
issue	n.	one of a series published periodically
issue	n.	some situation or event that is thought about
issue	n.	the act of providing an item for general use or for official purposes (usually in quantity)
issue	n.	supplies (as food or clothing or ammunition) issued by the government
issue	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
issue	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
issue	n.	the immediate descendants of a person
issue	n.	the becoming visible
issue	n.	an opening that permits escape or release
issue	n.	the act of issuing printed materials
issue	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
issue	v.	circulate or distribute or equip with
issue	v.	bring out an official document (such as a warrant)
issue	v.	come out of
issue	v.	make out and issue
issuer	n.	an institution that issues something (securities or publications or currency etc.)
istanbul	n.	the largest city and former capital of Turkey; rebuilt on the site of ancient Byzantium by Constantine I in the fourth century; renamed Constantinople by Constantine who made it the capital of the Byzantine Empire; now the seat of the Eastern Orthodox Church
isthmian	adj.	of or relating to or forming an isthmus
isthmus	n.	a relatively narrow strip of land (with water on both sides) connecting two larger land areas
isthmus	n.	a cord-like tissue connecting two larger parts of an anatomical structure
it	n.	the branch of engineering that deals with the use of computers and telecommunications to retrieve and store and transmit information
italian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Italy
italian	n.	the Romance language spoken in Italy
italian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Italy or its people or culture or language
italic	n.	a style of handwriting with the letters slanting to the right
italic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European languages of which Latin is the chief representative
italic	n.	a typeface with letters slanting upward to the right
italic	adj.	characterized by slanting characters
italic	adj.	of or relating to the Italic languages
italicize	v.	print in italics
italics	n.	a style of handwriting with the letters slanting to the right
italics	n.	a branch of the Indo-European languages of which Latin is the chief representative
italics	n.	a typeface with letters slanting upward to the right
italy	n.	a republic in southern Europe on the Italian Peninsula; was the core of the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire between the 4th century BC and the 5th century AD
itch	n.	a contagious skin infection caused by the itch mite; characterized by persistent itching and skin irritation
itch	n.	a strong restless desire
itch	n.	an irritating cutaneous sensation that produces a desire to scratch
itch	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
itch	v.	have or perceive an itch
itch	v.	cause to perceive an itch
itch	v.	have a strong desire or urge to do something
itchiness	n.	an irritating cutaneous sensation that produces a desire to scratch
itchy	adj.	nervous and unable to relax
itchy	adj.	causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch
item	n.	a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list
item	n.	a small part that can be considered separately from the whole
item	n.	a whole individual unit; especially when included in a list or collection
item	n.	an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole
item	n.	an individual instance of a type of symbol
item	adv.	(used when listing or enumerating items) also; -Philip Guedalla
itemization	n.	the act of making a list of items
itemize	v.	specify individually
itemize	v.	place on a list of items
iterate	v.	to say, state, or perform again
iterate	v.	run or be performed again
iteration	n.	(computer science) a single execution of a set of instructions that are to be repeated
iteration	n.	(computer science) executing the same set of instructions a given number of times or until a specified result is obtained
iteration	n.	doing or saying again; a repeated performance
ithaca	n.	a college town in central New York on Lake Cayuga
ithaca	n.	a Greek island to the west of Greece; in Homeric legend Odysseus was its king
itinerant	n.	a laborer who moves from place to place as demanded by employment
itinerant	adj.	traveling from place to place to work
itinerary	n.	an established line of travel or access
itinerary	n.	a guidebook for travelers
itinerary	n.	a proposed route of travel
iud	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a piece of bent plastic or metal that is inserted through the vagina into the uterus
iv	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
iv	n.	administration of nutrients through a vein
iv	adj.	being one more than three
iva	n.	any of various coarse shrubby plants of the genus Iva with small greenish flowers; common in moist areas (as coastal salt marshes) of eastern and central North America
ives	n.	United States composer noted for his innovative use of polytonality (1874-1954)
ives	n.	United States lithographer who (with his partner Nathaniel Currier) produced thousands of prints signed `Currier & Ives' (1824-1895)
ivory	n.	a hard smooth ivory colored dentine that makes up most of the tusks of elephants and walruses
ivory	n.	a shade of white the color of bleached bones
ivy	n.	Old World vine with lobed evergreen leaves and black berrylike fruits
ix	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one
ix	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of one more than eight and one less than ten
iyar	n.	the eighth month of the civil year; the second month of the ecclesiastical year (in April and May)
izanagi	n.	the god who fathered the islands and gods of Japan with his sister Izanami
izanami	n.	sister and consort of Izanami; mother of the islands and gods of Japan
izmir	n.	a port city in western Turkey
j	n.	a unit of electrical energy equal to the work done when a current of one ampere passes through a resistance of one ohm for one second
j	n.	the 10th letter of the Roman alphabet
jab	n.	a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow)
jab	n.	a quick short straight punch
jab	n.	the act of touching someone suddenly with your finger or elbow
jab	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
jab	v.	strike or punch with quick and short blows
jab	v.	stab or pierce
jabbed	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
jabbed	v.	strike or punch with quick and short blows
jabbed	v.	stab or pierce
jabber	n.	rapid and indistinct speech
jabber	v.	talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner
jabberer	n.	someone whose talk is trivial drivel
jabbing	n.	a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow)
jabbing	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
jabbing	v.	strike or punch with quick and short blows
jabbing	v.	stab or pierce
jabot	n.	a ruffle on the front of a woman's blouse or a man's shirt
jacaranda	n.	an important Brazilian timber tree yielding a heavy hard dark-colored wood streaked with black
jack	n.	a small worthless amount
jack	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
jack	n.	someone who works with their hands; someone engaged in manual labor
jack	n.	immense East Indian fruit resembling breadfruit; it contains an edible pulp and nutritious seeds that are commonly roasted
jack	n.	a small ball at which players aim in lawn bowling
jack	n.	an electrical device consisting of a connector socket designed for the insertion of a plug
jack	n.	game equipment consisting of one of several small six-pointed metal pieces that are picked up while bouncing a ball in the game of jacks
jack	n.	small flag indicating a ship's nationality
jack	n.	one of four face cards in a deck bearing a picture of a young prince
jack	n.	tool for exerting pressure or lifting
jack	n.	any of several fast-swimming predacious fishes of tropical to warm temperate seas
jack	n.	male donkey
jack	v.	lift with a special device
jack	v.	hunt with a jacklight
jackal	n.	Old World nocturnal canine mammal closely related to the dog; smaller than a wolf; sometimes hunts in a pack but usually singly or as a member of a pair
jackass	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
jackass	n.	male donkey
jackboot	n.	(19th century) a man's high tasseled boot
jackdaw	n.	common black-and-grey Eurasian bird noted for thievery
jacket	n.	a short coat
jacket	n.	an outer wrapping or casing
jacket	n.	(dentistry) dental appliance consisting of an artificial crown for a broken or decayed tooth
jacket	n.	the outer skin of a potato
jacket	n.	the tough metal shell casing for certain kinds of ammunition
jacket	v.	provide with a thermally non-conducting cover
jacket	v.	put a jacket on
jackhammer	n.	a hammer driven by compressed air
jackknife	n.	a large knife with one or more folding blades
jackknife	n.	a dive in which the diver bends to touch the ankles before straightening out
jackknife	v.	dive into the water bending the body at the waist at a right angle, like a jackknife
jackknives	n.	a large knife with one or more folding blades
jackknives	n.	a dive in which the diver bends to touch the ankles before straightening out
jackpot	n.	the cumulative amount involved in a game (such as poker)
jackpot	n.	any outstanding award
jackrabbit	n.	large hare of western North America
jackrabbit	v.	go forward or start with a fast, sudden movement
jackson	n.	English film actress who later became a member of British Parliament (born in 1936)
jackson	n.	United States singer who began singing with his four brothers and later became a highly successful star during the 1980s (born in 1958)
jackson	n.	United States singer who did much to popularize gospel music (1911-1972)
jackson	n.	United States civil rights leader who led a national campaign against racial discrimination and ran for presidential nomination (born in 1941)
jackson	n.	United States writer of romantic novels about the unjust treatment of Native Americans (1830-1885)
jackson	n.	general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War whose troops at the first Battle of Bull Run stood like a stone wall (1824-1863)
jackson	n.	7th president of the US; successfully defended New Orleans from the British in 1815; expanded the power of the presidency (1767-1845)
jackson	n.	a town in western Wyoming
jackson	n.	a town in western Tennessee
jackson	n.	capital of the state of Mississippi on the Pearl River
jackson	n.	a town in south central Michigan
jacksonian	n.	a follower of Andrew Jackson or his ideas
jacksonian	adj.	of or pertaining to Andrew Jackson or his presidency or his concepts of popular democracy
jacksonville	n.	Florida's largest city; a port and important commercial center in northeastern Florida
jackstraw	n.	a thin strip of wood used in playing the game of jackstraws
jacob	n.	French biochemist who (with Jacques Monod) studied regulatory processes in cells (born in 1920)
jacob	n.	(Old Testament) son of Isaac; brother of Esau; father of the twelve patriarchs of Israel; Jacob wrestled with God and forced God to bless him, so God gave Jacob the new name of Israel (meaning `one who has been strong against God')
jacobean	n.	any distinguished personage during the reign of James I
jacobean	adj.	of or relating to James I or his reign or times
jacobi	n.	German mathematician (1804-1851)
jacobin	n.	a member of the radical movement that instituted the Reign of Terror during the French Revolution
jacobite	n.	a supporter of James II after he was overthrown or a supporter of the Stuarts
jacobs	n.	English writer of macabre short stories (1863-1943)
jacobs	n.	United States writer and critic of urban planning (born in 1916)
jacobs	n.	Dutch physician who opened the first birth control clinic in the world in Amsterdam (1854-1929)
jacobs	n.	French biochemist who (with Jacques Monod) studied regulatory processes in cells (born in 1920)
jacobs	n.	(Old Testament) son of Isaac; brother of Esau; father of the twelve patriarchs of Israel; Jacob wrestled with God and forced God to bless him, so God gave Jacob the new name of Israel (meaning `one who has been strong against God')
jacquard	n.	French inventor of the Jacquard loom that could automatically weave complicated patterns (1752-1834)
jacquard	n.	a highly figured fabric woven on a Jacquard loom
jacquard	n.	a loom with an attachment for forming openings for the passage of the shuttle between the warp threads; used in weaving figured fabrics
jade	n.	a semiprecious gemstone that takes a high polish; is usually green but sometimes whitish; consists of jadeite or nephrite
jade	n.	a woman adulterer
jade	n.	a light green color varying from bluish green to yellowish green
jade	n.	an old or over-worked horse
jade	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
jade	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
jade	adj.	of something having the color of jade; especially varying from bluish green to yellowish green
jaded	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
jaded	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
jaded	adj.	exhausted; - William Styron
jaded	adj.	dulled by surfeit
jadeite	n.	a hard green mineral consisting of sodium aluminum silicate in monoclinic crystalline form; a source of jade; found principally in Burma
jag	n.	a sharp projection on an edge or surface
jag	n.	a slit in a garment that exposes material of a different color underneath; used in Renaissance clothing
jag	n.	a flap along the edge of a garment; used in medieval clothing
jag	n.	a bout of drinking or drug taking
jag	v.	cut teeth into; make a jagged cutting edge
jagged	v.	cut teeth into; make a jagged cutting edge
jagged	adj.	having a sharply uneven surface or outline
jagged	adj.	having an irregularly notched or toothed margin as though gnawed
jaggedness	n.	something irregular like a bump or crack in a smooth surface
jagger	n.	English rock star (born in 1943)
jaguar	n.	a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some classifications considered a member of the genus Felis
jail	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
jail	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
jailbird	n.	a criminal who has been jailed repeatedly
jailbreak	n.	an escape from jail
jailer	n.	someone who guards prisoners
jailhouse	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
jain	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Jainism
jainism	n.	sect founded in the 6th century BC as a revolt against Hinduism
jainism	n.	religion founded in the 6th century BC as a revolt against Hinduism; emphasizes asceticism and immortality and transmigration of the soul; denies existence of a perfect or supreme being
jakarta	n.	capital and largest city of Indonesia; located on the island of Java; founded by the Dutch in 17th century
jalapeno	n.	plant bearing very hot and finely tapering long peppers; usually red
jalapeno	n.	hot green or red pepper of southwestern United States and Mexico
jalopy	n.	a car that is old and unreliable
jalousie	n.	a window with glass louvers
jalousie	n.	a shutter made of angled slats
jam	n.	preserve of crushed fruit
jam	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
jam	n.	a dense crowd of people
jam	n.	deliberate radiation or reflection of electromagnetic energy for the purpose of disrupting enemy use of electronic devices or systems
jam	v.	press tightly together or cram
jam	v.	push down forcibly
jam	v.	crush or bruise
jam	v.	interfere with or prevent the reception of signals
jam	v.	get stuck and immobilized
jam	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
jam	v.	block passage through
jamaica	n.	a country on the island of Jamaica; became independent of England in 1962; much poverty; the major industry is tourism
jamaica	n.	an island in the West Indies to the south of Cuba and to the west of Haiti
jamaican	n.	a native or inhabitant of Jamaica
jamaican	adj.	of or relating to Jamaica (the island or the country) or to its inhabitants
jamb	n.	upright consisting of a vertical side member of a door or window frame
jambalaya	n.	spicy Creole dish of rice and ham, sausage, chicken, or shellfish with tomatoes, peppers, onions, and celery
jamboree	n.	a gay festivity
james	n.	a Stuart king of Scotland who married a daughter of Henry VII; when England and France went to war in 1513 he invaded England and died in defeat at Flodden (1473-1513)
james	n.	the last Stuart to be king of England and Ireland and Scotland; overthrown in 1688 (1633-1701)
james	n.	the first Stuart to be king of England and Ireland from 1603 to 1625 and king of Scotland from 1567 to 1625; he was the son of Mary Queen of Scots and he succeeded Elizabeth I; he alienated the British Parliament by claiming the divine right of kings (1566-1625)
james	n.	United States outlaw who fought as a Confederate soldier and later led a band of outlaws that robbed trains and banks in the West until he was murdered by a member of his own gang (1847-1882)
james	n.	United States pragmatic philosopher and psychologist (1842-1910)
james	n.	writer who was born in the United States but lived in England (1843-1916)
james	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; brother of John; author of the Epistle of James in the New Testament
james	n.	a river in Virginia that flows east into Chesapeake Bay at Hampton Roads
james	n.	a river that rises in North Dakota and flows southward across South Dakota to the Missouri
james	n.	a New Testament book attributed to Saint James the Apostle
james	v.	press tightly together or cram
james	v.	push down forcibly
james	v.	crush or bruise
james	v.	interfere with or prevent the reception of signals
james	v.	get stuck and immobilized
james	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
james	v.	block passage through
jamestown	n.	a former village on the James River in Virginia to the north of Norfolk; site of the first permanent English settlement in America in 1607
jammed	v.	press tightly together or cram
jammed	v.	push down forcibly
jammed	v.	crush or bruise
jammed	v.	interfere with or prevent the reception of signals
jammed	v.	get stuck and immobilized
jammed	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
jammed	v.	block passage through
jammed	adj.	filled to capacity
jamming	n.	deliberate radiation or reflection of electromagnetic energy for the purpose of disrupting enemy use of electronic devices or systems
jamming	v.	press tightly together or cram
jamming	v.	push down forcibly
jamming	v.	crush or bruise
jamming	v.	interfere with or prevent the reception of signals
jamming	v.	get stuck and immobilized
jamming	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
jamming	v.	block passage through
jan	n.	the first month of the year; begins 10 days after the winter solstice
jangle	n.	a metallic sound
jangle	v.	make a sound typical of metallic objects
janissary	n.	a loyal supporter
janissary	n.	a Turkish soldier
janitor	n.	someone employed to clean and maintain a building
jansen	n.	a Dutch Roman Catholic theologian (1585-1638)
jansenist	n.	an advocate of Jansenism
january	n.	the first month of the year; begins 10 days after the winter solstice
janus	n.	(Roman mythology) the Roman god of doorways and passages; is depicted with two faces on opposite sides of his head
jap	n.	(offensive slang) offensive term for a person of Japanese descent
japan	n.	a string of more than 3,000 islands to the east of Asia extending 1,300 miles between the Sea of Japan and the western Pacific Ocean
japan	n.	a constitutional monarchy occupying the Japanese Archipelago; a world leader in electronics and automobile manufacture and ship building
japan	n.	lacquerware decorated and varnished in the Japanese manner with a glossy durable black lacquer
japan	n.	lacquer with a durable glossy black finish, originally from the orient
japan	v.	coat with a lacquer, as done in Japan
japanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Japan
japanese	n.	the language (usually considered to be Altaic) spoken by the Japanese
japanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Japan or its people or their culture or language
japanned	v.	coat with a lacquer, as done in Japan
japanning	v.	coat with a lacquer, as done in Japan
jape	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
jar	n.	a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles
jar	n.	the quantity contained in a jar
jar	n.	a sudden jarring impact
jar	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
jar	v.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion
jar	v.	shock physically
jar	v.	affect in a disagreeable way
jar	v.	place in a cylindrical vessel
jared	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
jared	v.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion
jared	v.	shock physically
jared	v.	affect in a disagreeable way
jared	v.	place in a cylindrical vessel
jarful	n.	the quantity contained in a jar
jargon	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
jargon	n.	a colorless (or pale yellow or smoky) variety of zircon
jargon	n.	specialized technical terminology characteristic of a particular subject
jarred	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
jarred	v.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion
jarred	v.	shock physically
jarred	v.	affect in a disagreeable way
jarred	v.	place in a cylindrical vessel
jarring	v.	be incompatible; be or come into conflict
jarring	v.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion
jarring	v.	shock physically
jarring	v.	affect in a disagreeable way
jarring	v.	place in a cylindrical vessel
jarring	adj.	making or causing a harsh and irritating sound
jasmine	n.	any of several shrubs and vines of the genus Jasminum chiefly native to Asia
jason	n.	(Greek mythology) the husband of Medea and leader of the Argonauts who sailed in quest of the Golden Fleece
jasper	n.	an opaque form of quartz; red or yellow or brown or dark green in color; used for ornamentation or as a gemstone
jaundice	n.	yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes caused by an accumulation of bile pigment (bilirubin) in the blood; can be a symptom of gallstones or liver infection or anemia
jaundice	n.	a rough and bitter manner
jaundice	v.	distort adversely
jaundice	v.	affect with, or as if with, jaundice
jaunt	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
jaunt	v.	make a trip for pleasure
jauntily	adv.	in a jaunty fashionable manner
jauntiness	n.	stylishness as evidenced by a smart appearance
jauntiness	n.	a breezy liveliness
jaunty	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
jaunty	adj.	having a cheerful, lively, and self-confident air; - Frances G. Patton; - H.M.Reynolds
java	n.	an island in Indonesia to the south of Borneo; one of the world's most densely populated regions
java	n.	a beverage consisting of an infusion of ground coffee beans
java	n.	a platform-independent object-oriented programming language
javanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Java
javanese	n.	the Indonesian language spoken on Java
javanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Java or its inhabitants or its language
javelin	n.	an athletic competition in which a javelin is thrown as far as possible
javelin	n.	a spear thrown as a weapon or in competitive field events
jaw	n.	the part of the skull of a vertebrate that frames the mouth and holds the teeth
jaw	n.	the bones of the skull that frame the mouth and serve to open it; the bones that hold the teeth
jaw	n.	holding device consisting of one or both of the opposing parts of a tool that close to hold an object
jaw	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
jaw	v.	talk incessantly and tiresomely
jaw	v.	chew (food); to bite and grind with the teeth
jaw	v.	censure severely or angrily
jawbone	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is hinged to open the mouth
jawbone	v.	talk idly or casually and in a friendly way
jawbreaker	n.	a large round hard candy
jawbreaker	n.	a word that is hard to pronounce
jay	n.	United States diplomat and jurist who negotiated peace treaties with Britain and served as the first chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1745-1829)
jay	n.	crested largely blue bird
jaybird	n.	common jay of eastern North America; bright blue with grey breast
jaywalk	v.	cross the road at a red light
jaywalker	n.	a reckless pedestrian who crosses a street illegally
jaywalking	v.	cross the road at a red light
jazz	n.	empty rhetoric or insincere or exaggerated talk
jazz	n.	a genre of popular music that originated in New Orleans around 1900 and developed through increasingly complex styles
jazz	n.	a style of dance music popular in the 1920s; similar to New Orleans jazz but played by large bands
jazz	v.	play something in the style of jazz
jazz	v.	have sexual intercourse with
jazzy	adj.	resembling jazz (especially in its rhythm)
jazzy	adj.	(used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display
jealous	adj.	showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of another's advantages
jealous	adj.	suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival
jealousy	n.	a feeling of jealous envy (especially of a rival)
jealousy	n.	zealous vigilance; -Paul Blanshard
jean	n.	(usually plural) close-fitting trousers of heavy denim for manual work or casual wear
jean	n.	a coarse durable twill-weave cotton fabric
jeans	n.	(usually plural) close-fitting trousers of heavy denim for manual work or casual wear
jeans	n.	a coarse durable twill-weave cotton fabric
jeep	n.	a car suitable for traveling over rough terrain
jeer	n.	showing your contempt by derision
jeer	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
jeering	n.	showing your contempt by derision
jeering	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
jeering	adj.	abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule
jefferson	n.	3rd President of the United States; chief drafter of the Declaration of Independence; made the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 and sent out the Lewis and Clark Expedition to explore it (1743-1826)
jeffersonian	n.	a follower of Thomas Jefferson or his ideas and principles
jeffersonian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Thomas Jefferson or his principles or theories
jehovah	n.	a name for the God of the Old Testament as transliterated from the Hebrew consonants YHVH
jehovah	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
jejune	adj.	lacking in nutritive value
jejune	adj.	displaying or suggesting a lack of maturity
jejune	adj.	lacking interest or significance or impact
jejunum	n.	the part of the small intestine between the duodenum and the ileum
jell	v.	become gelatinous
jello	n.	fruit-flavored dessert (trade mark Jell-O) made from a commercially prepared gelatin powder
jelly	n.	an edible jelly (sweet or pungent) made with gelatin and used as a dessert or salad base or a coating for foods
jelly	n.	a preserve made of the jelled juice of fruit
jelly	n.	any substance having the consistency of jelly or gelatin
jelly	v.	make into jelly
jellyfish	n.	large siphonophore having a bladderlike float and stinging tentacles
jellyfish	n.	any of numerous usually marine and free-swimming coelenterates that constitute the sexually reproductive forms of hydrozoans and scyphozoans
jellylike	adj.	thick like gelatin
jellyroll	n.	thin sheet of sponge cake spread with jelly and then rolled up to make a cylindrical cake
jemmy	n.	a short crowbar
jenner	n.	English physician who pioneered vaccination; Jenner inoculated people with small amounts of cowpox to prevent them from getting smallpox (1749-1823)
jennet	n.	female donkey
jenny	n.	United States architect who designed the first skyscraper in which a metal skeleton was used (1832-1907)
jenny	n.	female donkey
jensen	n.	modernistic Danish writer (1873-1950)
jeopardize	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
jeopardize	v.	put at risk
jeopardy	n.	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
jeremiad	n.	a long and mournful complaint
jeremiah	n.	(Old Testament) an Israelite prophet who is remembered for his angry lamentations (jeremiads) about the wickedness of his people (circa 626-587 BC)
jeremiah	n.	a book in the Old Testament containing the oracles of the prophet Jeremiah
jeremiahs	n.	(Old Testament) an Israelite prophet who is remembered for his angry lamentations (jeremiads) about the wickedness of his people (circa 626-587 BC)
jeremiahs	n.	a book in the Old Testament containing the oracles of the prophet Jeremiah
jericho	n.	a village in Palestine near the north end of the Dead Sea; in the Old Testament it was the first place taken by the Israelites under Joshua as they entered the Promised Land
jerk	n.	a dull stupid fatuous person
jerk	n.	an abrupt spasmodic movement
jerk	n.	(mechanics) the rate of change of acceleration
jerk	n.	meat (especially beef) cut in strips and dried in the sun
jerk	n.	raising a weight from shoulder height to above the head by straightening the arms
jerk	n.	a sudden abrupt pull
jerk	v.	pull, or move with a sudden movement
jerk	v.	move with abrupt, seemingly uncontrolled motions
jerk	v.	make an uncontrolled, short, jerky motion
jerk	v.	jump vertically, with legs stiff and back arched
jerk	v.	throw or toss with a quick motion
jerkily	adv.	with spasms
jerkily	adv.	with jerking motions
jerkin	n.	a tight sleeveless and collarless jacket (often made of leather) worn by men in former times
jerkiness	n.	the quality of being spasmodic and irregular
jerkwater	adj.	small and remote and insignificant
jerky	n.	meat (especially beef) cut in strips and dried in the sun
jerky	adj.	lacking a steady rhythm
jerky	adj.	marked by abrupt transitions
jerky	adj.	having or revealing stupidity
jeroboam	n.	(Old Testament) first king of the northern kingdom of Israel who led Israel into sin (10th century BC)
jeroboam	n.	a large wine bottle (holds 4/5 of a gallon)
jerome	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) one of the great Fathers of the early Christian Church whose major work was his translation of the Scriptures from Hebrew and Greek into Latin (which became the Vulgate); a saint and Doctor of the Church (347-420)
jerry	n.	offensive term for a person of German descent
jersey	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state on the Atlantic; one of the original 13 colonies
jersey	n.	the largest of the Channel Islands
jersey	n.	a close-fitting pullover shirt
jersey	n.	a slightly elastic machine-knit fabric
jersey	n.	a breed of diary cattle developed on the island of Jersey
jerusalem	n.	capital and largest city of the modern state of Israel (although its status as capital is disputed); it was captured from Jordan in 1967 in the Six Day War; a holy city for Jews and Christians and Muslims; was the capital of an ancient kingdom
jest	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
jest	n.	activity characterized by good humor
jest	v.	tell a joke; speak humorously
jest	v.	act in a funny or teasing way
jester	n.	a professional clown employed to entertain a king or nobleman in the Middle Ages
jesting	v.	tell a joke; speak humorously
jesting	v.	act in a funny or teasing way
jesting	adj.	characterized by jokes and good humor
jesuit	n.	a member of the Jesuit order
jesuit	adj.	having qualities characteristic of Jesuits or Jesuitism
jesus	n.	a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)
jet	n.	an airplane powered by one or more jet engines
jet	n.	the occurrence of a sudden discharge (as of liquid)
jet	n.	a hard black form of lignite that takes a brilliant polish and is used in jewelry or ornamentation
jet	n.	atmospheric discharges (lasting 10 msec) bursting from the tops of giant storm clouds in blue cones that widen as they flash upward
jet	n.	street names for ketamine
jet	n.	an artificially produced flow of water
jet	v.	issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
jet	v.	fly a jet plane
jet	adj.	of the blackest black; similar to the color of jet or coal
jetliner	n.	a large jet plane that carries passengers
jetsam	n.	the part of a ship's equipment or cargo that is thrown overboard to lighten the load in a storm
jetsam	n.	the floating wreckage of a ship
jetted	v.	issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
jetted	v.	fly a jet plane
jetting	v.	issue in a jet; come out in a jet; stream or spring forth
jetting	v.	fly a jet plane
jetting	adj.	propelled violently in a usually narrow stream
jettison	v.	throw away, of something encumbering
jettison	v.	throw as from an airplane
jetty	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
jew	n.	a person belonging to the worldwide group claiming descent from Jacob (or converted to it) and connected by cultural or religious ties
jewel	n.	a precious or semiprecious stone incorporated into a piece of jewelry
jewel	n.	a person who is as brilliant and precious as a piece of jewelry
jewel	v.	adorn or decorate with precious stones
jeweler	n.	someone who makes jewelry
jeweler	n.	someone in the business of selling jewelry
jewelry	n.	an adornment (as a bracelet or ring or necklace) made of precious metals and set with gems (or imitation gems)
jewess	n.	a woman who is a Jew
jewish	adj.	of or relating to Jews or their culture or religion
jewry	n.	Jews collectively
jezebel	n.	wife of Ahab who was king of Israel; according to the Old Testament she was a cruel immoral queen who fostered the worship of Baal and tried to kill Elijah and other prophets of Israel (9th century BC)
jezebel	n.	a shameless impudent scheming woman
jfk	n.	35th President of the United States; established the Peace Corps; assassinated in Dallas (1917-1963)
jib	n.	any triangular fore-and-aft sail (set forward of the foremast)
jib	v.	refuse to comply
jib	v.	shift from one side of the ship to the other
jibbed	v.	refuse to comply
jibbed	v.	shift from one side of the ship to the other
jibbing	v.	refuse to comply
jibbing	v.	shift from one side of the ship to the other
jibe	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
jibe	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
jibe	v.	shift from one side of the ship to the other
jidda	n.	port city in western Saudi Arabia on the Red Sea; near Mecca
jiffy	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
jig	n.	music in three-four time for dancing a jig
jig	n.	a fisherman's lure with one or more hooks that is jerked up and down in the water
jig	n.	a device that holds a piece of machine work and guides the tools operating on it
jig	n.	any of various old rustic dances involving kicking and leaping
jig	v.	dance a quick dance with leaping and kicking motions
jigged	v.	dance a quick dance with leaping and kicking motions
jigger	n.	a small glass adequate to hold a single swallow of whiskey
jigger	n.	any small mast on a sailing vessel; especially the mizzenmast of a yawl
jigger	n.	larval mite that sucks the blood of vertebrates including human beings causing intense irritation
jigging	v.	dance a quick dance with leaping and kicking motions
jiggle	n.	a slight irregular shaking motion
jiggle	v.	move to and fro
jigsaw	n.	a portable power saw with a reciprocating blade; can be used with a variety of blades depending on the application and kind of cut; generally have a plate that rides on the surface that is being cut
jigsaw	n.	fine-toothed power saw with a narrow blade; used to cut curved outlines
jihad	n.	a holy war waged by Muslims against infidels
jihad	n.	a holy struggle or striving by a Muslim for a moral or spiritual or political goal
jihadist	n.	a Muslim who is involved in a jihad
jilt	n.	a woman who jilts a lover
jilt	v.	cast aside capriciously or unfeelingly
jimenez	n.	Spanish lyric poet (1881-1958)
jimmy	n.	a short crowbar
jimmy	v.	to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open; :
jimsonweed	n.	intensely poisonous tall coarse annual tropical weed having rank-smelling foliage, large white or violet trumpet-shaped flowers and prickly fruits
jingle	n.	a metallic sound
jingle	n.	a comic verse of irregular measure
jingle	v.	make a sound typical of metallic objects
jingly	adj.	having a series of high-pitched ringing sounds like many small bells
jingoism	n.	an appeal intended to arouse patriotic emotions
jingoism	n.	fanatical patriotism
jingoist	n.	an extreme bellicose nationalist
jingoistic	adj.	fanatically patriotic
jinn	n.	(Islam) an invisible spirit mentioned in the Koran and believed by Muslims to inhabit the earth and influence mankind by appearing in the form of humans or animals
jinnah	n.	Indian statesman who was the founder of Pakistan as a Muslim state (1876-1948)
jinni	n.	(Islam) an invisible spirit mentioned in the Koran and believed by Muslims to inhabit the earth and influence mankind by appearing in the form of humans or animals
jinrikisha	n.	a small two-wheeled cart for one passenger; pulled by one person
jinx	n.	a person believed to bring bad luck to those around him
jinx	n.	an evil spell
jinx	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
jinx	v.	foredoom to failure
jitney	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
jitterbug	n.	a jerky American dance that was popular in the 1940s
jitterbug	v.	do the jitterbug
jitterbugged	v.	do the jitterbug
jitterbugging	v.	do the jitterbug
jitters	n.	extreme nervousness
jitters	n.	small rapid variations in a waveform resulting from fluctuations in the voltage supply or mechanical vibrations or other sources
jitters	n.	a small irregular movement
jittery	adj.	characterized by jerky movements
jittery	adj.	being in a tense state
jive	n.	a style of jazz played by big bands popular in the 1930s; flowing rhythms but less complex than later styles of jazz
jive	v.	dance to jive music; dance the jive
job	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
job	n.	a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee
job	n.	a workplace; as in the expression
job	n.	an object worked on; a result produced by working
job	n.	the responsibility to do something
job	n.	the performance of a piece of work
job	n.	a damaging piece of work
job	n.	a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
job	n.	a Jewish hero in the Old Testament who maintained his faith in God in spite of afflictions that tested him
job	n.	any long-suffering person who withstands affliction without despairing
job	n.	(computer science) a program application that may consist of several steps but is a single logical unit
job	n.	a book in the Old Testament containing Job's pleas to God about his afflictions and God's reply
job	n.	a crime (especially a robbery)
job	v.	profit privately from public office and official business
job	v.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others
job	v.	work occasionally
job	v.	invest at a risk
jobbed	v.	profit privately from public office and official business
jobbed	v.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others
jobbed	v.	work occasionally
jobbed	v.	invest at a risk
jobber	n.	someone who buys large quantities of goods and resells to merchants rather than to the ultimate customers
jobbing	v.	profit privately from public office and official business
jobbing	v.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others
jobbing	v.	work occasionally
jobbing	v.	invest at a risk
jobholder	n.	an employee who holds a regular job
jobless	adj.	not having a job
jobs	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
jobs	n.	a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee
jobs	n.	a workplace; as in the expression
jobs	n.	an object worked on; a result produced by working
jobs	n.	the responsibility to do something
jobs	n.	the performance of a piece of work
jobs	n.	a damaging piece of work
jobs	n.	a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
jobs	n.	a Jewish hero in the Old Testament who maintained his faith in God in spite of afflictions that tested him
jobs	n.	any long-suffering person who withstands affliction without despairing
jobs	n.	(computer science) a program application that may consist of several steps but is a single logical unit
jobs	n.	a book in the Old Testament containing Job's pleas to God about his afflictions and God's reply
jobs	n.	a crime (especially a robbery)
jobs	v.	profit privately from public office and official business
jobs	v.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others
jobs	v.	work occasionally
jobs	v.	invest at a risk
jocasta	n.	(Greek mythology) queen of Thebes who unknowingly married her own son Oedipus
jock	n.	a person trained to compete in sports
jock	n.	a support for the genitals worn by men engaging in strenuous exercise
jockey	n.	someone employed to ride horses in horse races
jockey	n.	an operator of some vehicle or machine or apparatus
jockey	v.	defeat someone through trickery or deceit
jockey	v.	compete (for an advantage or a position)
jockey	v.	ride a racehorse as a professional jockey
jockstrap	n.	a support for the genitals worn by men engaging in strenuous exercise
jocose	adj.	characterized by jokes and good humor
jocoseness	n.	the trait of merry joking
jocosity	n.	fun characterized by humor
jocosity	n.	the trait of merry joking
jocular	adj.	characterized by jokes and good humor
jocular	adv.	with humor
jocularity	n.	a feeling facetious merriment
jocularity	n.	fun characterized by humor
jocularity	n.	activity characterized by good humor
jocund	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
jocundity	n.	a feeling facetious merriment
jodhpurs	n.	flared trousers ending at the calves; worn with riding boots
jodhpurs	n.	a short riding boot that fastens with a buckle at the side
joel	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet
joel	n.	an Old Testament book telling Joel's prophecies
jog	n.	a sharp change in direction
jog	n.	a slow pace of running
jog	n.	a slight push or shake
jog	v.	continue talking or writing in a desultory manner
jog	v.	even up the edges of a stack of paper, in printing
jog	v.	run for exercise
jog	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
jog	v.	give a slight push to
jog	v.	stimulate to remember
jogged	v.	continue talking or writing in a desultory manner
jogged	v.	even up the edges of a stack of paper, in printing
jogged	v.	run for exercise
jogged	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
jogged	v.	give a slight push to
jogged	v.	stimulate to remember
jogger	n.	someone who runs a steady slow pace (usually for exercise)
jogging	n.	running at a jog trot as a form of cardiopulmonary exercise
jogging	v.	continue talking or writing in a desultory manner
jogging	v.	even up the edges of a stack of paper, in printing
jogging	v.	run for exercise
jogging	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
jogging	v.	give a slight push to
jogging	v.	stimulate to remember
joggle	n.	a fastener that is inserted into holes in two adjacent pieces and holds them together
joggle	n.	a slight irregular shaking motion
joggle	v.	move to and fro
joggle	v.	fasten or join with a joggle
johannesburg	n.	city in the northeastern part of South Africa near Pretoria; commercial center for diamond and gold industries
john	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
john	n.	youngest son of Henry II; King of England from 1199 to 1216; succeeded to the throne on the death of his brother Richard I; lost his French possessions; in 1215 John was compelled by the barons to sign the Magna Carta (1167-1216)
john	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; traditionally said to be the author of the 4th Gospel and three epistles and the book of Revelation
john	n.	a prostitute's customer
john	n.	the last of the four Gospels in the New Testament
johnny	n.	`Johnny' was applied as a nickname for Confederate soldiers by the Federal soldiers in the American Civil War; `greyback' derived from their grey Confederate uniforms
johnnycake	n.	cornbread usually cooked pancake-style on a griddle (chiefly New England)
johns	n.	United States artist and proponent of pop art (born in 1930)
johns	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
johns	n.	youngest son of Henry II; King of England from 1199 to 1216; succeeded to the throne on the death of his brother Richard I; lost his French possessions; in 1215 John was compelled by the barons to sign the Magna Carta (1167-1216)
johns	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; traditionally said to be the author of the 4th Gospel and three epistles and the book of Revelation
johns	n.	a prostitute's customer
johns	n.	the last of the four Gospels in the New Testament
johnson	n.	English writer and lexicographer (1709-1784)
johnson	n.	36th President of the United States; was elected vice president and succeeded Kennedy when Kennedy was assassinated (1908-1973)
johnson	n.	17th President of the United States; was elected vice president and succeeded Lincoln when Lincoln was assassinated; was impeached but acquitted by one vote (1808-1875)
johnston	n.	Confederate general in the American Civil War; led the Confederate troops in the West (1807-1891)
join	n.	the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made
join	n.	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets
join	v.	become part of; become a member of a group or organization
join	v.	cause to become joined or linked
join	v.	come into the company of
join	v.	make contact or come together
join	v.	be or become joined or united or linked
joiner	n.	a person who likes to join groups
joiner	n.	a woodworker whose work involves making things by joining pieces of wood
joinery	n.	fine woodwork done by a joiner
joinery	n.	the craft of a joiner
joint	n.	(anatomy) the point of connection between two bones or elements of a skeleton (especially if it allows motion)
joint	n.	a disreputable place of entertainment
joint	n.	the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made
joint	n.	a piece of meat roasted or for roasting and of a size for slicing into more than one portion
joint	n.	junction by which parts or objects are joined together
joint	n.	marijuana leaves rolled into a cigarette for smoking
joint	v.	fit as if by joints
joint	v.	provide with a joint
joint	v.	fasten with a joint
joint	v.	separate (meat) at the joint
joint	adj.	united or combined
joint	adj.	affecting or involving two or more
joint	adj.	involving both houses of a legislature
jointly	adv.	in collaboration or cooperation
jointly	adv.	in conjunction with; combined
joist	n.	beam used to support floors or roofs
joke	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
joke	n.	activity characterized by good humor
joke	n.	a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement
joke	n.	a triviality not to be taken seriously
joke	v.	tell a joke; speak humorously
joke	v.	act in a funny or teasing way
joker	n.	a person who enjoys telling or playing jokes
joker	n.	a person who does something thoughtless or annoying
joker	n.	an inconspicuous clause in a document or bill that affects its meaning in a way that is not immediately apparent
joker	n.	a playing card that is usually printed with a picture of a jester
joking	v.	tell a joke; speak humorously
joking	v.	act in a funny or teasing way
joking	adj.	characterized by jokes and good humor
jollification	n.	a boisterous celebration; a merry festivity
jolliness	n.	feeling jolly and jovial and full of good humor
jollity	n.	feeling jolly and jovial and full of good humor
jolly	n.	a happy party
jolly	n.	a yawl used by a ship's sailors for general work
jolly	v.	be silly or tease one another
jolly	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
jolly	adv.	to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
jolson	n.	United States singer (born in Russia) who appeared in the first full-length talking film (1886-1950)
jolt	n.	a sudden jarring impact
jolt	n.	an abrupt spasmodic movement
jolt	v.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion
jolt	v.	disturb (someone's) composure
jonah	n.	(Old Testament) Jonah did not wish to become a prophet so God caused a great storm to throw him overboard from a ship; he was saved by being swallowed by a whale that vomited him out onto dry land
jonah	n.	a person believed to bring bad luck to those around him
jonah	n.	a book in the Old Testament that tells the story of Jonah and the whale
jonahs	n.	(Old Testament) Jonah did not wish to become a prophet so God caused a great storm to throw him overboard from a ship; he was saved by being swallowed by a whale that vomited him out onto dry land
jonahs	n.	a person believed to bring bad luck to those around him
jonahs	n.	a book in the Old Testament that tells the story of Jonah and the whale
jonathan	n.	red late-ripening apple; primarily eaten raw
jones	n.	United States labor leader (born in Ireland) who helped to found the Industrial Workers of the World (1830-1930)
jones	n.	United States railroad engineer who died trying to stop his train from crashing into another train; a friend wrote a famous ballad describing the incident (1864-1900)
jones	n.	United States golfer (1902-1971)
jones	n.	American naval commander in the American Revolution (1747-1792)
jones	n.	one of the first great English architects and a theater designer (1573-1652)
jones	n.	English phonetician (1881-1967)
jonesboro	n.	a town in northeast Arkansas
jonquil	n.	widely cultivated ornamental plant native to southern Europe but naturalized elsewhere having fragrant yellow or white clustered flowers
jonquil	n.	often used colloquially for any yellow daffodil
jonson	n.	English dramatist and poet who was the first real poet laureate of England (1572-1637)
joplin	n.	United States singer who died of a drug overdose at the height of her popularity (1943-1970)
joplin	n.	United States composer who was the first creator of ragtime to write down his compositions (1868-1917)
jordan	n.	a river in Palestine that empties into the Dead Sea; John the Baptist baptized Jesus in the Jordan
jordan	n.	an Arab kingdom in southwestern Asia on the Red Sea
jordanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Jordan
jordanian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Jordan or its people
joseph	n.	leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904)
joseph	n.	(Old Testament) the 11th son of Jacob and one of the 12 patriarchs of Israel; Jacob gave Joseph a coat of many colors, which made his brothers jealous and they sold him into slavery in Egypt
joseph	n.	(New Testament) husband of Mary and (in Christian belief) the foster father of Jesus
josephs	n.	leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904)
josephs	n.	(Old Testament) the 11th son of Jacob and one of the 12 patriarchs of Israel; Jacob gave Joseph a coat of many colors, which made his brothers jealous and they sold him into slavery in Egypt
josephs	n.	(New Testament) husband of Mary and (in Christian belief) the foster father of Jesus
josephus	n.	Jewish general who led the revolt of the Jews against the Romans and then wrote a history of those events (37-100)
josh	v.	be silly or tease one another
joshua	n.	(Old Testament) Moses' successor who led the Israelites into the Promised Land; best remembered for his destruction of Jericho
joshua	n.	a book in the Old Testament describing how Joshua led the Israelites into Canaan (the Promised Land) after the death of Moses
jostle	n.	the act of jostling (forcing your way by pushing)
jostle	v.	make one's way by jostling, pushing, or shoving
jostle	v.	come into rough contact with while moving
josue	n.	a book in the Old Testament describing how Joshua led the Israelites into Canaan (the Promised Land) after the death of Moses
jot	n.	a brief (and hurriedly handwritten) note
jot	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
jot	v.	write briefly or hurriedly; write a short note of
jotted	v.	write briefly or hurriedly; write a short note of
jotter	n.	a small notebook for rough notes
jotting	n.	a brief (and hurriedly handwritten) note
jotting	v.	write briefly or hurriedly; write a short note of
joule	n.	a unit of electrical energy equal to the work done when a current of one ampere passes through a resistance of one ohm for one second
joule	n.	English physicist who established the mechanical theory of heat and discovered the first law of thermodynamics (1818-1889)
jounce	n.	a sudden jarring impact
jounce	v.	move up and down repeatedly
journal	n.	a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations
journal	n.	a periodical dedicated to a particular subject
journal	n.	a ledger in which transactions have been recorded as they occurred
journal	n.	a record book as a physical object
journal	n.	the part of the axle contained by a bearing
journalese	n.	the style in which newspapers are written
journalism	n.	newspapers and magazines collectively
journalism	n.	the profession of reporting or photographing or editing news stories for one of the media
journalist	n.	a writer for newspapers and magazines
journalist	n.	someone who keeps a diary or journal
journalistic	adj.	of or relating to or having the characteristics of journalism
journey	n.	the act of traveling from one place to another
journey	v.	undertake a journey or trip
journey	v.	travel upon or across
journeyer	n.	a traveler going on a trip
journeyman	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
journeymen	n.	a skilled worker who practices some trade or handicraft
joust	n.	a combat between two mounted knights tilting against each other with blunted lances
joust	v.	joust against somebody in a tournament by fighting on horseback
jousting	v.	joust against somebody in a tournament by fighting on horseback
jove	n.	(Roman mythology) supreme god of Romans; counterpart of Greek Zeus
jovial	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
joviality	n.	feeling jolly and jovial and full of good humor
joviality	n.	a jovial nature
jovian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of or resembling the planet Jupiter
jovian	adj.	of or pertaining to or befitting the Roman deity Jupiter
jowl	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is hinged to open the mouth
jowl	n.	a fullness and looseness of the flesh of the lower cheek and jaw (characteristic of aging)
jowly	adj.	having sagging folds of flesh beneath the chin or lower jaw
joy	n.	the emotion of great happiness
joy	n.	something or someone that provides a source of happiness
joy	v.	feel happiness or joy
joy	v.	make glad or happy
joyce	n.	influential Irish writer noted for his many innovations (such as stream of consciousness writing) (1882-1941)
joyful	adj.	full of or producing joy
joyful	adj.	full of high-spirited delight
joyfulness	n.	the emotion of great happiness
joyless	adj.	not experiencing or inspiring joy
joylessness	n.	a feeling of dismal cheerlessness
joyous	adj.	full of or characterized by joy
joyousness	n.	the emotion of great happiness
joyride	n.	a ride in a car taken solely for pleasure
joyride	v.	ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it
joyriding	v.	ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it
joystick	n.	a lever used by a pilot to control the ailerons and elevators of an airplane
joystick	n.	a manual control consisting of a vertical handle that can move freely in two directions; used as an input device to computers or to devices controlled by computers
jr	n.	a son who has the same first name as his father
juarez	n.	a city in northern Mexico on the Rio Grande opposite El Paso
jubilant	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
jubilant	adj.	full of high-spirited delight
jubilation	n.	a feeling of extreme joy
jubilation	n.	a joyful occasion for special festivities to mark some happy event
jubilation	n.	the utterance of sounds expressing great joy
jubilee	n.	a special anniversary (or the celebration of it)
judah	n.	(Old Testament) the fourth son of Jacob who was forebear of one of the tribes of Israel; one of his descendants was to be the Messiah
judah	n.	an ancient kingdom of southern Palestine with Jerusalem as its center
judaic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Jews or their culture or religion
judaic	adj.	of or relating to Jews or their culture or religion
judaical	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Jews or their culture or religion
judaism	n.	Jews collectively who practice a religion based on the Torah and the Talmud
judaism	n.	the monotheistic religion of the Jews having its spiritual and ethical principles embodied chiefly in the Torah and in the Talmud
judas	n.	(New Testament) supposed brother of St. James; one of the Apostles who is invoked in prayer when a situation seems hopeless
judas	n.	(New Testament) the Apostle who betrayed Jesus to his enemies for 30 pieces of silver
judas	n.	someone who betrays under the guise of friendship
judas	n.	a one-way peephole in a door
judas	n.	an ancient kingdom of southern Palestine with Jerusalem as its center
judder	v.	shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively
jude	n.	(New Testament) supposed brother of St. James; one of the Apostles who is invoked in prayer when a situation seems hopeless
jude	n.	a New Testament book attributed to Saint Jude
judea	n.	the southern part of ancient Palestine succeeding the kingdom of Judah; a Roman province at the time of Christ
judge	n.	a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
judge	n.	an authority who is able to estimate worth or quality
judge	v.	determine the result of (a competition)
judge	v.	form a critical opinion of
judge	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
judge	v.	pronounce judgment on
judge	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
judges	n.	a book of the Old Testament that tells the history of Israel under the leaders known as judges
judges	n.	a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
judges	n.	an authority who is able to estimate worth or quality
judges	v.	determine the result of (a competition)
judges	v.	form a critical opinion of
judges	v.	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
judges	v.	pronounce judgment on
judges	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
judgeship	n.	the position of judge
judgment	n.	an opinion formed by judging something
judgment	n.	the act of judging or assessing a person or situation or event
judgment	n.	(law) the determination by a court of competent jurisdiction on matters submitted to it
judgment	n.	the cognitive process of reaching a decision or drawing conclusions
judgment	n.	the legal document stating the reasons for a judicial decision
judgment	n.	the capacity to assess situations or circumstances shrewdly and to draw sound conclusions
judgment	n.	the mental ability to understand and discriminate between relations
judgmental	adj.	depending on judgment
judicatory	n.	the system of law courts that administer justice and constitute the judicial branch of government
judicature	n.	an assembly (including one or more judges) to conduct judicial business
judicature	n.	the system of law courts that administer justice and constitute the judicial branch of government
judicature	n.	the act of meting out justice according to the law
judicature	n.	the position of judge
judicial	adj.	decreed by or proceeding from a court of justice
judicial	adj.	belonging or appropriate to the office of a judge
judicial	adj.	relating to the administration of justice or the function of a judge
judicial	adj.	expressing careful judgment; ; -Tyler Dennett
judiciary	n.	persons who administer justice
judiciary	n.	the system of law courts that administer justice and constitute the judicial branch of government
judicious	adj.	marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practical matters
judiciousness	n.	good judgment
judiciousness	n.	the trait of forming opinions by distinguishing and evaluating
judith	n.	Jewish heroine in one of the books of the Apocrypha; she saved her people by decapitating the Assyrian general Holofernes
judith	n.	an Apocryphal book telling how Judith saved her people
judo	n.	a sport adapted from jujitsu (using principles of not resisting) and similar to wrestling; developed in Japan
jug	n.	a large bottle with a narrow mouth
jug	n.	the quantity contained in a jug
jug	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
jug	v.	stew in an earthenware jug
jugful	n.	the quantity contained in a jug
jugged	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
jugged	v.	stew in an earthenware jug
juggernaut	n.	a massive inexorable force that seems to crush everything in its way
juggernaut	n.	an avatar of Vishnu
juggernaut	n.	a crude idol of Krishna
jugging	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
jugging	v.	stew in an earthenware jug
juggle	n.	the act of rearranging things to give a misleading impression
juggle	n.	throwing and catching several objects simultaneously
juggle	v.	influence by slyness
juggle	v.	manipulate by or as if by moving around components
juggle	v.	deal with simultaneously
juggle	v.	throw, catch, and keep in the air several things simultaneously
juggle	v.	hold with difficulty and balance insecurely
juggler	n.	a performer who juggles objects and performs tricks of manual dexterity
jugglery	n.	artful trickery designed to achieve an end
jugglery	n.	the performance of a juggler
jugular	n.	veins in the neck that return blood from the head
jugular	n.	a vital part that is vulnerable to attack
jugular	adj.	relating to or located in the region of the neck or throat
juice	n.	the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezing or cooking
juice	n.	energetic vitality
juice	n.	electric current
juice	n.	any of several liquids of the body
juicer	n.	a person who drinks alcoholic beverages (especially to excess)
juicer	n.	a squeezer with a conical ridged center that is used for squeezing juice from citrus fruit
juiciness	n.	a juicy appetizingness
juicy	adj.	full of juice
juicy	adj.	having strong sexual appeal
juicy	adj.	lucrative
juicy	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
jujitsu	n.	a method of self-defense without weapons that was developed in China and Japan; holds and blows are supplemented by clever use of the attacker's own weight and strength
jujube	n.	spiny tree having dark red edible fruits
jujube	n.	dark red plumlike fruit of Old World buckthorn trees
jujube	n.	chewy fruit-flavored jellied candy (sometimes medicated to soothe a sore throat)
jukebox	n.	a cabinet containing an automatic record player; records are played by inserting a coin
julep	n.	bourbon and sugar and mint over crushed ice
julian	n.	Roman Emperor and nephew of Constantine; he restored paganism as the official religion of the Roman Empire and destroyed Christian temples but his decision was reversed after his death (331?-363)
julian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Julius Caesar
julienne	n.	a vegetable cut into thin strips (usually used as a garnish)
julienne	n.	a clear soup garnished with julienne vegetables
julienne	v.	cut into long thin strips
july	n.	the month following June and preceding August
jumble	n.	a confused multitude of things
jumble	n.	small flat ring-shaped cake or cookie
jumble	n.	a theory or argument made up of miscellaneous or incongruous ideas
jumble	v.	be all mixed up or jumbled together
jumble	v.	assemble without order or sense
jumble	v.	bring into random order
jumbo	adj.	of great mass; huge and bulky
jump	n.	a sudden and decisive increase
jump	n.	an abrupt transition
jump	n.	(film) an abrupt transition from one scene to another
jump	n.	a sudden involuntary movement
jump	n.	descent with a parachute
jump	n.	the act of jumping; propelling yourself off the ground
jump	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
jump	v.	move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm
jump	v.	make a sudden physical attack on
jump	v.	increase suddenly and significantly
jump	v.	be highly noticeable
jump	v.	enter eagerly into
jump	v.	rise in rank or status
jump	v.	jump down from an elevated point
jump	v.	run off or leave the rails
jump	v.	jump from an airplane and descend with a parachute
jump	v.	cause to jump or leap
jump	v.	start (a car engine whose battery is dead) by connecting it to another car's battery
jump	v.	bypass
jump	v.	pass abruptly from one state or topic to another
jump	v.	go back and forth; swing back and forth between two states or conditions
jumper	n.	a person who jumps
jumper	n.	an athlete who competes at jumping
jumper	n.	a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body
jumper	n.	a coverall worn by children
jumper	n.	a small connector used to make temporary electrical connections
jumper	n.	a loose jacket or blouse worn by workmen
jumper	n.	a sleeveless dress resembling an apron; worn over other clothing
jumper	n.	(basketball) a player releases the basketball at the high point of a jump
jumpiness	n.	the anxious feeling you have when you have the jitters
jumpsuit	n.	one-piece garment fashioned after a parachutist's uniform
jumpy	adj.	being in a tense state
jumpy	adj.	causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements
junco	n.	small North American finch seen chiefly in winter
junction	n.	the place where two or more things come together
junction	n.	the state of being joined together
junction	n.	the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made
junction	n.	something that joins or connects
junction	n.	an act of joining or adjoining things
juncture	n.	an event that occurs at a critical time
juncture	n.	a crisis situation or point in time when a critical decision must be made
juncture	n.	the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made
june	n.	the month following May and preceding July
juneau	n.	the state capital of Alaska
jung	n.	Swiss psychologist (1875-1961)
jungian	n.	a follower or advocate of Carl Jung's theories
jungian	adj.	of or relating to Carl Jung or his psychological theories
jungle	n.	a location marked by an intense competition and struggle for survival
jungle	n.	a place where hoboes camp
jungle	n.	an impenetrable equatorial forest
junior	n.	term of address for a disrespectful and annoying male
junior	n.	a third-year undergraduate
junior	n.	the younger of two persons
junior	n.	a son who has the same first name as his father
junior	adj.	younger; lower in rank; shorter in length of tenure or service
junior	adj.	used of the third or next to final year in United States high school or college
junior	adj.	including or intended for youthful persons
juniper	n.	desert shrub of Syria and Arabia having small white flowers; constitutes the juniper of the Old Testament; sometimes placed in genus Genista
juniper	n.	coniferous shrub or small tree with berrylike cones
junk	n.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
junk	n.	any of various Chinese boats with a high poop and lugsails
junk	v.	dispose of (something useless or old)
junker	n.	member of the Prussian aristocracy noted especially for militarism
junket	n.	dessert made of sweetened milk coagulated with rennet
junket	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
junket	n.	a trip taken by an official at public expense
junket	v.	go on a pleasure trip
junket	v.	provide a feast or banquet for
junket	v.	partake in a feast or banquet
junketeer	v.	go on a pleasure trip
junkie	n.	a narcotics addict
junkie	n.	someone who is so ardently devoted to something that it resembles an addiction
junkyard	n.	a field where junk is collected and stored for resale
juno	n.	(Roman mythology) queen of the Olympian gods who protected marriage; wife and sister of Jupiter; counterpart of Greek Hera
junta	n.	a group of military officers who rule a country after seizing power
jupiter	n.	the largest planet and the 5th from the sun; has many satellites and is one of the brightest objects in the night sky
jupiter	n.	(Roman mythology) supreme god of Romans; counterpart of Greek Zeus
jurassic	n.	from 190 million to 135 million years ago; dinosaurs; conifers
jurassic	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the second period of the Mesozoic era
juridic	adj.	of or relating to the law or jurisprudence
juridic	adj.	relating to the administration of justice or the function of a judge
juridical	adj.	of or relating to the law or jurisprudence
juridical	adj.	relating to the administration of justice or the function of a judge
jurisdiction	n.	(law) the right and power to interpret and apply the law
jurisdiction	n.	in law; the territory within which power can be exercised
jurisdictional	adj.	restricted to the geographic area under a particular jurisdiction
jurisprudence	n.	the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and the principles that lead courts to make the decisions they do
jurisprudence	n.	the collection of rules imposed by authority
jurist	n.	a legal scholar versed in civil law or the law of nations
jurist	n.	a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
juristic	adj.	of or relating to law or to legal rights and obligations
juror	n.	someone who serves (or waits to be called to serve) on a jury
jury	n.	a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
jury	n.	a committee appointed to judge a competition
juryman	n.	someone who serves (or waits to be called to serve) on a jury
jurymen	n.	someone who serves (or waits to be called to serve) on a jury
jurywoman	n.	someone who serves (or waits to be called to serve) on a jury
jurywomen	n.	someone who serves (or waits to be called to serve) on a jury
just	adj.	used especially of what is legally or ethically right or proper or fitting; - A.Lincoln
just	adj.	fair to all parties as dictated by reason and conscience
just	adj.	free from favoritism or self-interest or bias or deception; conforming with established standards or rules
just	adj.	of moral excellence
just	adv.	and nothing more
just	adv.	indicating exactness or preciseness
just	adv.	only a moment ago
just	adv.	absolutely
just	adv.	only a very short time before; ; ; ; ; - W.B.Yeats
just	adv.	exactly at this moment or the moment described
justice	n.	the quality of being just or fair
justice	n.	judgment involved in the determination of rights and the assignment of rewards and punishments
justice	n.	a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
justice	n.	the United States federal department responsible for enforcing federal laws (including the enforcement of all civil rights legislation); created in 1870
justifiable	adj.	capable of being justified
justifiably	adv.	with good reason
justification	n.	something (such as a fact or circumstance) that shows an action to be reasonable or necessary
justification	n.	a statement in explanation of some action or belief
justification	n.	the act of defending or explaining or making excuses for by reasoning; - H.J.Muller
justified	v.	show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for
justified	v.	show to be right by providing justification or proof
justified	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
justified	v.	let off the hook
justified	v.	adjust the spaces between words
justified	adj.	having words so spaced that lines have straight even margins
justify	v.	show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for
justify	v.	show to be right by providing justification or proof
justify	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
justify	v.	let off the hook
justify	v.	adjust the spaces between words
justinian	n.	Byzantine emperor who held the eastern frontier of his empire against the Persians; codified Roman law in 529; his general Belisarius regained North Africa and Spain (483-565)
justness	n.	conformity with some esthetic standard of correctness or propriety
justness	n.	the quality of being just or fair
jut	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
jut	n.	the act of projecting out from something
jut	v.	extend out or project in space
jute	n.	a plant fiber used in making rope or sacks
jute	n.	a member of a Germanic people who conquered England and merged with the Angles and Saxons to become Anglo-Saxons
jutland	n.	peninsula in northern Europe that forms the continental part of Denmark and a northern part of Germany
jutland	n.	an indecisive naval battle in World War I (1916); fought between the British and German fleets off the northwestern coast of Denmark
jutted	v.	extend out or project in space
jutting	n.	the act of projecting out from something
jutting	v.	extend out or project in space
jutting	adj.	extending out above or beyond a surface or boundary
juvenal	n.	Roman satirist who denounced the vice and folly of Roman society during the reign of the emperor Domitian (60-140)
juvenile	n.	a young person, not fully developed
juvenile	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of or appropriate for children or young people
juvenile	adj.	displaying or suggesting a lack of maturity
juxtapose	v.	place side by side
juxtaposition	n.	the act of positioning close together (or side by side)
juxtaposition	n.	a side-by-side position
jv	n.	a college or university team that competes at a level below the varsity team
k	n.	the basic unit of thermodynamic temperature adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
k	n.	a light soft silver-white metallic element of the alkali metal group; oxidizes rapidly in air and reacts violently with water; is abundant in nature in combined forms occurring in sea water and in carnallite and kainite and sylvite
k	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
k	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 bytes
k	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 bytes
k	n.	the 11th letter of the Roman alphabet
k	n.	street names for ketamine
k	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000 items or units
kaaba	n.	(Islam) a black stone building in Mecca that is shaped like a cube and that is the most sacred Muslim pilgrim shrine; believed to have been given by Gabriel to Abraham; Muslims turn in its direction when praying
kabbalah	n.	an esoteric or occult matter resembling the Kabbalah that is traditionally secret
kabbalah	n.	an esoteric theosophy of rabbinical origin based on the Hebrew scriptures and developed between the 7th and 18th centuries
kabul	n.	the capital and largest city of Afghanistan; located in eastern Afghanistan
kafka	n.	Czech novelist who wrote in German about a nightmarish world of isolated and troubled individuals (1883-1924)
kafkaesque	adj.	relating to or in the manner of Franz Kafka or his writings
kafkaesque	adj.	characterized by surreal distortion and a sense of impending danger
kahlua	n.	coffee-flavored liqueur made in Mexico
kaiser	n.	the title of the Holy Roman Emperors or the emperors of Austria or of Germany until 1918
kalahari	n.	a desert in southwestern Africa - largely Botswana
kalamazoo	n.	a town in southwest Michigan
kalashnikov	n.	a type of submachine gun made in Russia
kale	n.	informal terms for money
kale	n.	a hardy cabbage with coarse curly leaves that do not form a head
kale	n.	coarse curly-leafed cabbage
kaleidoscope	n.	a complex pattern of constantly changing colors and shapes
kaleidoscope	n.	an optical toy in a tube; it produces symmetrical patterns as bits of colored glass are reflected by mirrors
kaleidoscopic	adj.	continually shifting or rapidly changing
kali	n.	bushy plant of Old World salt marshes and sea beaches having prickly leaves; burned to produce a crude soda ash
kali	n.	wife of Siva and malevolent form of Devi
kama	n.	Hindu god of love and erotic desire; opposite of Mara
kamikaze	n.	a fighter plane used for suicide missions by Japanese pilots in World War II
kamikaze	n.	a pilot trained and willing to cause a suicidal crash
kampala	n.	the capital and largest city of Uganda on the north shore of Lake Victoria
kampuchea	n.	a nation in southeastern Asia; was part of Indochina under French rule until 1946
kanchenjunga	n.	a mountain the Himalayas on the border between Nepal and Tibet (28,208 feet high)
kandahar	n.	a city in southern Afghanistan; an important trading center
kandinsky	n.	Russian painter who was a pioneer of abstract art (1866-1944)
kangaroo	n.	any of several herbivorous leaping marsupials of Australia and New Guinea having large powerful hind legs and a long thick tail
kannada	n.	a Dravidian language spoken in southern India
kansan	n.	a native or resident of Kansas
kansas	n.	a state in midwestern United States
kansas	n.	a member of the Siouan people of the Kansas river valley in Kansas
kansas	n.	a river in northeastern Kansas; flows eastward to become a tributary of the Missouri River
kansas	n.	the Dhegiha dialect spoken by the Kansa
kant	n.	influential German idealist philosopher (1724-1804)
kantian	adj.	of or relating to Immanuel Kant or his philosophy
kaolin	n.	a fine usually white clay formed by the weathering of aluminous minerals (as feldspar); used in ceramics and as an absorbent and as a filler (e.g., in paper)
kapok	n.	a plant fiber from the kapok tree; used for stuffing and insulation
kapok	n.	massive tropical tree with deep ridges on its massive trunk and bearing large pods of seeds covered with silky floss; source of the silky kapok fiber
kappa	n.	the 10th letter of the Greek alphabet
kaput	adj.	destroyed or killed
karachi	n.	the largest city in Pakistan; located in southeastern Pakistan; an industrial center and seaport on the Arabian Sea; former capital of Pakistan
karakul	n.	hardy coarse-haired sheep of central Asia; lambs are valued for their soft curly black fur
karaoke	n.	singing popular songs accompanied by a recording of an orchestra (usually in bars or nightclubs)
karat	n.	the unit of measurement for the proportion of gold in an alloy; 18-karat gold is 75% gold; 24-karat gold is pure gold
karate	n.	a traditional Japanese system of unarmed combat; sharp blows and kicks are given to pressure-sensitive points on the body of the opponent
karen	n.	the Tibeto-Burman language spoken in the Thailand and Burmese borderlands
karloff	n.	United States film actor (born in England) noted for his performances in horror films (1887-1969)
karma	n.	(Hinduism and Buddhism) the effects of a person's actions that determine his destiny in his next incarnation
kasai	n.	a river of southwestern Africa that rises in central Angola and flows east and then north (forming part of the border between Angola and Congo) and continuing northwest through Congo to empty into the Congo River on the border between Congo and Republic of the Congo
kashmir	n.	an area in southwestern Asia whose sovereignty is disputed between Pakistan and India
kasparov	n.	Azerbaijani chess master who became world champion in 1985 by defeating Anatoli Karpov (born in 1963)
kathmandu	n.	the capital and largest city of Nepal
katowice	n.	an industrial city of southern Poland
katydid	n.	large green long-horned grasshopper of North America; males produce shrill sounds by rubbing together special organs on the forewings
kauai	n.	an island of Hawaii to the northwest of Oahu
kaufman	n.	United States playwright who collaborated with many other writers including Moss Hart (1889-1961)
kaunas	n.	a city in central Lithuania
kaunda	n.	statesman who led Northern Rhodesia to full independence as Zambia in 1964 and served as Zambia's first president (1924-1999)
kayak	n.	a small canoe consisting of a light frame made watertight with animal skins; used by Eskimos
kayak	v.	travel in a small canoe
kayaking	v.	travel in a small canoe
kayo	n.	a blow that renders the opponent unconscious
kayo	v.	knock unconscious or senseless
kazakh	n.	a Muslim who is a member of a Turkic people of western Asia (especially in Kazakstan)
kazakh	n.	a landlocked republic to the south of Russia and to the northeast of the Caspian Sea; the original Turkic-speaking inhabitants were overrun by Mongols in the 13th century; an Asian soviet from 1936 to 1991
kazakh	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Kazak
kazakhs	n.	a Muslim who is a member of a Turkic people of western Asia (especially in Kazakstan)
kazakhs	n.	a landlocked republic to the south of Russia and to the northeast of the Caspian Sea; the original Turkic-speaking inhabitants were overrun by Mongols in the 13th century; an Asian soviet from 1936 to 1991
kazakhs	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Kazak
kazakhstan	n.	a landlocked republic to the south of Russia and to the northeast of the Caspian Sea; the original Turkic-speaking inhabitants were overrun by Mongols in the 13th century; an Asian soviet from 1936 to 1991
kazan	n.	United States stage and screen director (born in Turkey) and believer in method acting (1909-2003)
kazan	n.	an industrial city in the European part of Russia
kazoo	n.	a toy wind instrument that has a membrane that makes a sound when you hum into the mouthpiece
kb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 bits
kb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 bytes
kb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 bytes
kc	n.	one thousand periods per second
keaton	n.	United States comedian and actor in silent films noted for his acrobatic skills and deadpan face (1895-1966)
keats	n.	Englishman and romantic poet (1795-1821)
kebab	n.	cubes of meat marinated and cooked on a skewer usually with vegetables
kedgeree	n.	a dish of rice and hard-boiled eggs and cooked flaked fish
keel	n.	a projection or ridge that suggests a keel
keel	n.	the median ridge on the breastbone of birds that fly
keel	n.	one of the main longitudinal beams (or plates) of the hull of a vessel; can extend vertically into the water to provide lateral stability
keel	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
keen	n.	a funeral lament sung with loud wailing
keen	v.	express grief verbally
keen	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
keen	adj.	intense or sharp
keen	adj.	very good
keen	adj.	painful as if caused by a sharp instrument
keen	adj.	having a sharp cutting edge or point
keenness	n.	a quick and penetrating intelligence
keenness	n.	a positive feeling of wanting to push ahead with something
keenness	n.	thinness of edge or fineness of point
keep	n.	the financial means whereby one lives
keep	n.	the main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress
keep	n.	a cell in a jail or prison
keep	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
keep	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
keep	v.	retain possession of
keep	v.	stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state
keep	v.	conform one's action or practice to
keep	v.	stick to correctly or closely
keep	v.	look after; be the keeper of; have charge of
keep	v.	maintain by writing regular records
keep	v.	supply with room and board
keep	v.	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
keep	v.	supply with necessities and support
keep	v.	fail to spoil or rot
keep	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
keep	v.	keep under control; keep in check
keep	v.	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger
keep	v.	raise
keep	v.	retain rights to
keep	v.	store or keep customarily
keep	v.	have as a supply
keep	v.	maintain for use and service
keep	v.	hold and prevent from leaving
keep	v.	prevent (food) from rotting
keeper	n.	someone in charge of other people
keeper	n.	one having charge of buildings or grounds or animals
keeping	n.	conformity or harmony
keeping	n.	the responsibility of a guardian or keeper
keeping	n.	the act of retaining something
keeping	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
keeping	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
keeping	v.	retain possession of
keeping	v.	stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state
keeping	v.	conform one's action or practice to
keeping	v.	stick to correctly or closely
keeping	v.	look after; be the keeper of; have charge of
keeping	v.	maintain by writing regular records
keeping	v.	supply with room and board
keeping	v.	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
keeping	v.	supply with necessities and support
keeping	v.	fail to spoil or rot
keeping	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
keeping	v.	keep under control; keep in check
keeping	v.	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger
keeping	v.	raise
keeping	v.	retain rights to
keeping	v.	store or keep customarily
keeping	v.	have as a supply
keeping	v.	maintain for use and service
keeping	v.	hold and prevent from leaving
keeping	v.	prevent (food) from rotting
keepsake	n.	something of sentimental value
keg	n.	the quantity contained in a keg
keg	n.	small cask or barrel
keller	n.	United States lecturer and writer who was blind and deaf from the age of 19 months; Anne Sullivan taught her to read and write and speak; Helen Keller graduated from college and went on to champion the cause of blind and deaf people (1880-1968)
kellogg	n.	United States food manufacturer who (with his brother) developed a breakfast cereal of crisp flakes of rolled and toasted wheat and corn; he established a company to manufacture the cereal (1860-1951)
kelly	n.	United States circus clown (1898-1979)
kelly	n.	United States film actress who retired when she married into the royal family of Monaco (1928-1982)
kelly	n.	United States dancer who performed in many musical films (1912-1996)
kelp	n.	large brown seaweeds having fluted leathery fronds
kelvin	n.	the basic unit of thermodynamic temperature adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
kelvin	n.	British physicist who invented the Kelvin scale of temperature and pioneered undersea telegraphy (1824-1907)
ken	n.	range of what one can know or understand
ken	n.	the range of vision
kendall	n.	United States biochemist who discovered cortisone (1886-1972)
kennan	n.	United States diplomat who recommended a policy of containment in dealing with Soviet aggression (1904-2005)
kennedy	n.	35th President of the United States; established the Peace Corps; assassinated in Dallas (1917-1963)
kennedy	n.	a large airport on Long Island to the east of New York City
kennel	n.	outbuilding that serves as a shelter for a dog
kennel	v.	put up in a kennel
kennewick	n.	a town in southern Washington on the Columbia River
kenning	n.	conventional metaphoric name for something, used especially in Old English and Old Norse poetry
keno	n.	a game in which numbered balls are drawn at random and players cover the corresponding numbers on their cards
kent	n.	a county in southeastern England on the English Channel; formerly an Anglo-Saxon kingdom, it was the first to be colonized by the Romans
kent	n.	United States painter noted for his woodcuts (1882-1971)
kentuckian	n.	a native or resident of Kentucky
kentucky	n.	a state in east central United States; a border state during the American Civil War; famous for breeding race horses
kenya	n.	a republic in eastern Africa; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1963; major archeological discoveries have been made in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya
kenyan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Kenya
kenyan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Kenya or its people
keokuk	n.	Sauk leader who aided the United States against Black Hawk (1790-1848)
kepi	n.	a cap with a flat circular top and a visor
kepler	n.	German astronomer who first stated laws of planetary motion (1571-1630)
kept	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
kept	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
kept	v.	retain possession of
kept	v.	stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state
kept	v.	conform one's action or practice to
kept	v.	stick to correctly or closely
kept	v.	look after; be the keeper of; have charge of
kept	v.	maintain by writing regular records
kept	v.	supply with room and board
kept	v.	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
kept	v.	supply with necessities and support
kept	v.	fail to spoil or rot
kept	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
kept	v.	keep under control; keep in check
kept	v.	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger
kept	v.	raise
kept	v.	retain rights to
kept	v.	store or keep customarily
kept	v.	have as a supply
kept	v.	maintain for use and service
kept	v.	hold and prevent from leaving
kept	v.	prevent (food) from rotting
kept	adj.	(especially of promises or contracts) not violated or disregarded
keratin	n.	a fibrous scleroprotein that occurs in the outer layer of the skin and in horny tissues such as hair, feathers, nails, and hooves
keratitis	n.	inflammation of the cornea causing watery painful eyes and blurred vision
kerchief	n.	a square scarf that is folded into a triangle and worn over the head or about the neck
kerensky	n.	Russian revolutionary who was head of state after Nicholas II abdicated but was overthrown by the Bolsheviks (1881-1970)
kerfuffle	n.	a disorderly outburst or tumult
kern	n.	United States composer of musical comedies (1885-1945)
kern	n.	the part of a metal typeface that projects beyond its body
kern	v.	furnish with a kern
kern	v.	remove a portion of space between (adjacent letters)
kernel	n.	the inner and usually edible part of a seed or grain or nut or fruit stone
kernel	n.	a single whole grain of a cereal
kernel	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
kerosene	n.	a flammable hydrocarbon oil used as fuel in lamps and heaters
kerouac	n.	United States writer who was a leading figure of the beat generation (1922-1969)
kestrel	n.	small North American falcon
kestrel	n.	small Old World falcon that hovers in the air against a wind
ketch	n.	a sailing vessel with two masts; the mizzen is forward of the rudderpost
ketchup	n.	thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes
ketone	n.	any of a class of organic compounds having a carbonyl group linked to a carbon atom in each of two hydrocarbon radicals
kettering	n.	United States electrical engineer who made numerous automotive improvements (including the electric starter) (1876-1958)
kettle	n.	a metal pot for stewing or boiling; usually has a lid
kettle	n.	the quantity a kettle will hold
kettle	n.	(geology) a hollow (typically filled by a lake) that results from the melting of a mass of ice trapped in glacial deposits
kettle	n.	a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
kettledrum	n.	a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
key	n.	metal device shaped in such a way that when it is inserted into the appropriate lock the lock's mechanism can be rotated
key	n.	something crucial for explaining
key	n.	pitch of the voice
key	n.	any of 24 major or minor diatonic scales that provide the tonal framework for a piece of music
key	n.	a kilogram of a narcotic drug
key	n.	a winged often one-seed indehiscent fruit as of the ash or elm or maple
key	n.	United States lawyer and poet who wrote a poem after witnessing the British attack on Baltimore during the War of 1812; the poem was later set to music and entitled `The Star-Spangled Banner' (1779-1843)
key	n.	a coral reef off the southern coast of Florida
key	n.	(basketball) a space (including the foul line) in front of the basket at each end of a basketball court; usually painted a different color from the rest of the court
key	n.	a list of answers to a test
key	n.	a list of words or phrases that explain symbols or abbreviations
key	n.	a generic term for any device whose possession entitles the holder to a means of access
key	n.	mechanical device used to wind another device that is driven by a spring (as a clock)
key	n.	the central building block at the top of an arch or vault
key	n.	a lever (as in a keyboard) that actuates a mechanism when depressed
key	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
key	v.	provide with a key
key	v.	vandalize a car by scratching the sides with a key
key	v.	regulate the musical pitch of
key	v.	harmonize with or adjust to
key	adj.	serving as an essential component
keyboard	n.	device consisting of a set of keys on a piano or organ or typewriter or typesetting machine or computer or the like
keyboard	n.	holder consisting of an arrangement of hooks on which keys or locks can be hung
keyboardist	n.	a musician who plays a keyboard instrument
keyhole	n.	the hole where a key is inserted
keynes	n.	English economist who advocated the use of government monetary and fiscal policy to maintain full employment without inflation (1883-1946)
keynesian	n.	a follower of the economic theories of John Maynard Keynes
keynesian	adj.	of or relating to John Maynard Keynes or to his economic theories
keynote	n.	the principal theme in a speech or literary work
keynote	n.	a fundamental or central idea
keynote	n.	(music) the first note of a diatonic scale
keynote	v.	set the keynote of
keynote	v.	give the keynote address to (an audience)
keypad	n.	a keyboard that is a data input device for computers; arrangement of keys is modelled after the typewriter keyboard
keystone	n.	a central cohesive source of support and stability
keystone	n.	the central building block at the top of an arch or vault
keystroke	n.	the stroke of a key; one depression of a key on a keyboard
kg	n.	one thousand grams; the basic unit of mass adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
kgb	n.	formerly the predominant security police organization of Soviet Russia
khabarovsk	n.	a city on the Amur River on the border of China and the capital of Khabarovsk
khabarovsk	n.	an administrative territory in Russia on the eastern coast of Siberia
khachaturian	n.	Russian composer (born in Armenia) whose works are romantic and reflect his interest in folk music (1903-1978)
khaki	n.	a sturdy twilled cloth of a yellowish brown color used especially for military uniforms
khaki	adj.	of a yellowish brown color
khan	n.	a title given to rulers or other important people in Asian countries
khan	n.	an inn in some eastern countries with a large courtyard that provides accommodation for caravans
kharkov	n.	a city in northeastern Ukraine; former capital of the Ukraine
khartoum	n.	the capital of Sudan located at the confluence of the Blue Nile and White Nile
khmer	n.	the Mon-Khmer language spoken in Cambodia
khmer	n.	a native or inhabitant of Cambodia
khoikhoi	n.	any of the Khoisan languages spoken by the pastoral people of Namibia and South Africa
khoisan	n.	a family of languages spoken in southern Africa
khomeini	n.	Iranian religious leader of the Shiites; when Shah Pahlavi's regime fell Khomeini established a new constitution giving himself supreme powers (1900-1989)
khrushchev	n.	Soviet statesman and premier who denounced Stalin (1894-1971)
khufu	n.	Egyptian Pharaoh of the 27th century BC who commissioned the Great Pyramid at Giza
khz	n.	one thousand periods per second
kibble	n.	coarsely ground grain in the form of pellets (as for pet food)
kibble	n.	an iron bucket used for hoisting in wells or mining
kibbutz	n.	a collective farm or settlement owned by its members in modern Israel; children are reared collectively
kibbutzim	n.	a collective farm or settlement owned by its members in modern Israel; children are reared collectively
kibitz	v.	make unwanted and intrusive comments
kibitzer	n.	(Yiddish) a meddler who offers unwanted advice to others
kibosh	v.	stop from happening or developing
kick	n.	the act of delivering a blow with the foot
kick	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
kick	n.	the backward jerk of a gun when it is fired
kick	n.	informal terms for objecting
kick	n.	the sudden stimulation provided by strong drink (or certain drugs)
kick	n.	a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics
kick	v.	drive or propel with the foot
kick	v.	thrash about or strike out with the feet
kick	v.	strike with the foot
kick	v.	kick a leg up
kick	v.	spring back, as from a forceful thrust
kick	v.	stop consuming
kick	v.	make a goal
kick	v.	express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
kickapoo	n.	a member of the Algonquian people formerly inhabiting southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois
kickapoo	n.	the Algonquian language of the Kickapoo
kickback	n.	a commercial bribe paid by a seller to a purchasing agent in order to induce the agent to enter into the transaction
kicker	n.	a player who kicks the football
kickoff	n.	(football) a kick from the center of the field to start a football game or to resume it after a score
kickoff	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
kickoff	n.	a start given to contestants
kickstand	n.	a swiveling metal rod attached to a bicycle or motorcycle or other two-wheeled vehicle; the rod lies horizontally when not in use but can be kicked into a vertical position as a support to hold the vehicle upright when it is not being ridden
kid	n.	a young person of either sex
kid	n.	soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat
kid	n.	English dramatist (1558-1594)
kid	n.	a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age
kid	n.	young goat
kid	v.	tell false information to for fun
kid	v.	be silly or tease one another
kidd	n.	Scottish sea captain who was hired to protect British shipping in the Indian Ocean and then was accused of piracy and hanged (1645-1701)
kidded	v.	tell false information to for fun
kidded	v.	be silly or tease one another
kidding	v.	tell false information to for fun
kidding	v.	be silly or tease one another
kidnap	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
kidnapped	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
kidnapper	n.	someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom)
kidnapping	n.	(law) the unlawful act of capturing and carrying away a person against their will and holding them in false imprisonment
kidnapping	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
kidney	n.	either of two bean-shaped excretory organs that filter wastes (especially urea) from the blood and excrete them and water in urine
kidskin	n.	soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat
kierkegaard	n.	Danish philosopher who is generally considered. along with Nietzsche, to be a founder of existentialism (1813-1855)
kiev	n.	capital and largest city of the Ukraine; a major manufacturing and transportation center
kigali	n.	the national capital and largest city of Rwanda; located in central Rwanda
kike	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a Jew
kilimanjaro	n.	the highest peak in Africa; located in northeastern Tanzania; 19,340 feet high
kill	n.	the act of terminating a life
kill	n.	the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile
kill	v.	cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly
kill	v.	thwart the passage of
kill	v.	end or extinguish by forceful means
kill	v.	be fatal
kill	v.	be the source of great pain for
kill	v.	overwhelm with hilarity, pleasure, or admiration
kill	v.	hit with so much force as to make a return impossible, in racket games
kill	v.	hit with great force
kill	v.	deprive of life
kill	v.	cause the death of, without intention
kill	v.	drink down entirely
kill	v.	mark for deletion, rub off, or erase
kill	v.	tire out completely
kill	v.	cause to cease operating
kill	v.	destroy a vitally essential quality of or in
killdeer	n.	American plover of inland waters and fields having a distinctive cry
killer	n.	someone who causes the death of a person or animal
killer	n.	the causal agent resulting in death
killer	n.	a difficulty that is hard to deal with
killer	n.	predatory black-and-white toothed whale with large dorsal fin; common in cold seas
killing	n.	an event that causes someone to die
killing	n.	the act of terminating a life
killing	n.	a very large profit
killing	v.	cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly
killing	v.	thwart the passage of
killing	v.	end or extinguish by forceful means
killing	v.	be fatal
killing	v.	be the source of great pain for
killing	v.	overwhelm with hilarity, pleasure, or admiration
killing	v.	hit with so much force as to make a return impossible, in racket games
killing	v.	hit with great force
killing	v.	deprive of life
killing	v.	cause the death of, without intention
killing	v.	drink down entirely
killing	v.	mark for deletion, rub off, or erase
killing	v.	tire out completely
killing	v.	cause to cease operating
killing	v.	destroy a vitally essential quality of or in
killing	adj.	very funny
killjoy	n.	someone who spoils the pleasure of others
kiln	n.	a furnace for firing or burning or drying such things as porcelain or bricks
kilo	n.	one thousand grams; the basic unit of mass adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
kilobyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 bytes
kilobyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 bytes
kilocycle	n.	one thousand periods per second
kilogram	n.	one thousand grams; the basic unit of mass adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
kilohertz	n.	one thousand periods per second
kiloliter	n.	a metric unit of volume or capacity equal to 1000 liters
kilometer	n.	a metric unit of length equal to 1000 meters (or 0.621371 miles)
kiloton	n.	one thousand tons
kiloton	n.	a measure of explosive power (of an atomic weapon) equal to that of 1000 tons of TNT
kilovolt	n.	a unit of potential equal to a thousand volts
kilowatt	n.	a unit of power equal to 1000 watts
kilroy	n.	a nonexistent person popularized by American servicemen during World War II
kilt	n.	a knee-length pleated tartan skirt worn by men as part of the traditional dress in the Highlands of northern Scotland
kilter	n.	in working order
kimberley	n.	city in central South Africa; center for diamond mining and diamond marketing
kimono	n.	a loose robe; imitated from robes originally worn by Japanese
kin	n.	a person having kinship with another or others
kin	n.	group of people related by blood or marriage
kin	adj.	related by blood
kinase	n.	an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of a proenzyme to an active enzyme
kind	n.	a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
kind	adj.	having or showing a tender and considerate and helpful nature; used especially of persons and their behavior
kind	adj.	agreeable, conducive to comfort
kind	adj.	tolerant and forgiving under provocation
kinda	adv.	to some (great or small) extent
kindergarten	n.	a preschool for children age 4 to 6 to prepare them for primary school
kindergartner	n.	a child who attends a preschool or kindergarten
kindhearted	adj.	having or proceeding from an innately kind disposition
kindheartedness	n.	sympathy arising from a kind heart
kindle	v.	catch fire
kindle	v.	cause to start burning
kindle	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
kindliness	n.	friendliness evidence by a kindly and helpful disposition
kindling	n.	material for starting a fire
kindling	n.	the act of setting something on fire
kindling	v.	catch fire
kindling	v.	cause to start burning
kindling	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
kindly	adj.	showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity
kindly	adj.	pleasant and agreeable
kindly	adv.	in a kind manner or out of kindness
kindness	n.	the quality of being warmhearted and considerate and humane and sympathetic
kindness	n.	tendency to be kind and forgiving
kindness	n.	a kind act
kindnesses	n.	the quality of being warmhearted and considerate and humane and sympathetic
kindnesses	n.	tendency to be kind and forgiving
kindnesses	n.	a kind act
kindred	n.	group of people related by blood or marriage
kindred	adj.	similar in quality or character
kindred	adj.	related by blood or marriage
kinds	n.	a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
kine	n.	domesticated bovine animals as a group regardless of sex or age; ; ; - Bible
kinematics	n.	the branch of mechanics concerned with motion without reference to force or mass
kinetic	adj.	relating to the motion of material bodies and the forces associated therewith
kinetic	adj.	characterized by motion
kinetic	adj.	supplying motive force; - H.O.Taylor
kinetics	n.	the branch of mechanics concerned with the forces that cause motions of bodies
kinfolk	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
kinfolks	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
king	n.	a male sovereign; ruler of a kingdom
king	n.	a competitor who holds a preeminent position
king	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
king	n.	preeminence in a particular category or group or field
king	n.	United States woman tennis player (born in 1943)
king	n.	United States guitar player and singer of the blues (born in 1925)
king	n.	United States charismatic civil rights leader and Baptist minister who campaigned against the segregation of Blacks (1929-1968)
king	n.	a checker that has been moved to the opponent's first row where it is promoted to a piece that is free to move either forward or backward
king	n.	one of the four playing cards in a deck bearing the picture of a king
king	n.	(chess) the weakest but the most important piece
kingdom	n.	a domain in which something is dominant
kingdom	n.	a country with a king as head of state
kingdom	n.	the domain ruled by a king or queen
kingdom	n.	a monarchy with a king or queen as head of state
kingdom	n.	the highest taxonomic group into which organisms are grouped; one of five biological categories: Monera or Protoctista or Plantae or Fungi or Animalia
kingdom	n.	a basic group of natural objects
kingfisher	n.	nonpasserine large-headed bird with a short tail and long sharp bill; usually crested and bright-colored; feed mostly on fish
kingly	adj.	having the rank of or resembling or befitting a king
kingmaker	n.	English statesman; during the War of the Roses he fought first for the house of York and secured the throne for Edward IV and then changed sides to fight for the house of Lancaster and secured the throne for Henry VI (1428-1471)
kingmaker	n.	an important person who can bring leaders to power through the exercise of political influence
kingpin	n.	the most important person in a group or undertaking
kingpin	n.	bolt that provides a steering joint in a motor vehicle
kingpin	n.	the front bowling pin in the triangular arrangement of ten pins
kingship	n.	the dignity or rank or position of a king
kingston	n.	a town on the Hudson River in New York
kingston	n.	a town in southeast Ontario on Lake Ontario near the head of the Saint Lawrence River
kingston	n.	capital and largest city of Jamaica
kingstown	n.	the capital of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines; on Saint Vincent
kink	n.	a painful muscle spasm especially in the neck or back (`rick' and `wrick' are British)
kink	n.	a sharp bend in a line produced when a line having a loop is pulled tight
kink	n.	a person with unusual sexual tastes
kink	n.	an eccentric idea
kink	n.	a difficulty or flaw in a plan or operation
kink	v.	curl tightly
kink	v.	form a curl, curve, or kink
kinky	adj.	(used of sexual behavior) showing or appealing to bizarre or deviant tastes
kinky	adj.	(of hair) in small tight curls
kinky	adj.	informal terms; strikingly unconventional
kinsey	n.	United States zoologist best known for his interview studies of sexual behavior (1894-1956)
kinsfolk	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
kinshasa	n.	the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Congo river opposite Brazzaville
kinship	n.	a close connection marked by community of interests or similarity in nature or character
kinship	n.	(anthropology) relatedness or connection by blood or marriage or adoption
kinsman	n.	a male relative
kinsmen	n.	a male relative
kinswoman	n.	a female relative
kinswomen	n.	a female relative
kiosk	n.	small area set off by walls for special use
kiowa	n.	a member of a Tanoan people living in the southwestern United States
kiowa	n.	the Tanoan language spoken by the Kiowa
kip	n.	sleep
kip	n.	the basic unit of money in Laos
kip	n.	a gymnastic exercise performed starting from a position with the legs over the upper body and moving to an erect position by arching the back and swinging the legs out and down while forcing the chest upright
kip	v.	be asleep
kipling	n.	English author of novels and poetry who was born in India (1865-1936)
kipped	v.	be asleep
kipper	n.	salted and smoked herring
kipping	v.	be asleep
kirchhoff	n.	German physicist who with Bunsen pioneered spectrum analysis and formulated two laws governing electric networks (1824-1887)
kirchner	n.	German expressionist painter (1880-1938)
kirghiz	n.	a member of a people of Turkic speech and Mongolian race inhabiting vast regions of central Siberia
kirghiz	n.	a landlocked republic in west central Asia bordering on northwestern China; formerly an Asian soviet but became independent in 1991
kirghiz	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Kirghiz
kirghizia	n.	a landlocked republic in west central Asia bordering on northwestern China; formerly an Asian soviet but became independent in 1991
kiribati	n.	an island republic in the west central Pacific just to the south of the equator
kirk	n.	a Scottish church
kirsch	n.	from fermented juice of black morello cherries
kishinev	n.	the capital of Moldova
kislev	n.	the third month of the civil year; the ninth month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in November and December)
kismet	n.	(Islam) the will of Allah
kiss	n.	the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof)
kiss	n.	a cookie made of egg whites and sugar
kiss	n.	any of several bite-sized candies
kiss	n.	a light glancing touch
kiss	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
kiss	v.	touch lightly or gently
kisser	n.	someone who kisses
kisser	n.	the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British)
kissimmee	n.	a river of central Florida that flows southward to Lake Okeechobee
kissinger	n.	United States diplomat who served under President Nixon and President Ford (born in 1923)
kit	n.	a case for containing a set of articles
kit	n.	gear consisting of a set of articles or tools for a specified purpose
kit	n.	young of any of various fur-bearing animals
kit	v.	supply with a set of articles or tools
kitakyushu	n.	a Japanese city on northern Kyushu
kitchen	n.	a room equipped for preparing meals
kitchener	n.	British field marshal (1850-1916)
kitchenette	n.	small kitchen
kitchenware	n.	hardware utensils for use in a kitchen
kite	n.	a bank check that has been fraudulently altered to increase its face value
kite	n.	a bank check drawn on insufficient funds at another bank in order to take advantage of the float
kite	n.	plaything consisting of a light frame covered with tissue paper; flown in wind at end of a string
kite	n.	any of several small graceful hawks of the family Accipitridae having long pointed wings and feeding on insects and small animals
kite	v.	increase the amount (of a check) fraudulently
kite	v.	get credit or money by using a bad check
kite	v.	soar or fly like a kite
kite	v.	fly a kite
kith	n.	your friends and acquaintances
kitsch	n.	excessively garish or sentimental art; usually considered in bad taste
kitschy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
kitten	n.	young domestic cat
kitten	v.	have kittens
kittenish	adj.	playful like a lively kitten
kitty	n.	the combined stakes of the betters
kitty	n.	the cumulative amount involved in a game (such as poker)
kitty	n.	young domestic cat
kitty	n.	informal terms referring to a domestic cat
kiwi	n.	climbing vine native to China; cultivated in New Zealand for its fuzzy edible fruit with green meat
kiwi	n.	a native or inhabitant of New Zealand
kiwi	n.	fuzzy brown egg-shaped fruit with slightly tart green flesh
kiwi	n.	nocturnal flightless bird of New Zealand having a long neck and stout legs; only surviving representative of the order Apterygiformes
kkk	n.	a secret society of white Southerners in the United States; was formed in the 19th century to resist the emancipation of slaves; used terrorist tactics to suppress Black people
klan	n.	a secret society of white Southerners in the United States; was formed in the 19th century to resist the emancipation of slaves; used terrorist tactics to suppress Black people
klansman	n.	a member of the Ku Klux Klan
klaxon	n.	a kind of loud horn formerly used on motor vehicles
klee	n.	Swiss painter influenced by Kandinsky (1879-1940)
kleenex	n.	a piece of soft absorbent paper (usually two or more thin layers) used as a disposable handkerchief
klein	n.	German mathematician who created the Klein bottle (1849-1925)
klein	n.	United States psychoanalyst (born in Austria) who was the first to specialize in the psychoanalysis of small children (1882-1960)
klein	n.	United States fashion designer noted for understated fashions (born in 1942)
kleptomania	n.	an irresistible impulse to steal in the absence of any economic motive
kleptomaniac	n.	someone with an irrational urge to steal in the absence of an economic motive
klimt	n.	Austrian painter influenced by art nouveau (1862-1918)
kline	n.	United States abstract expressionist painter (1910-1962)
klondike	n.	a region in northwestern Canada where gold was discovered in 1896 but exhausted by 1910
klondike	n.	a form of solitaire that begins with seven piles of cards with the top cards facing up; descending sequences of cards of alternating colors are built on these piles; as aces become available they are placed above the seven piles; the object is to build sequences in suit from ace to king as the remaining cards are dealt out one at a time
kludge	n.	a badly assembled collection of parts hastily assembled to serve some particular purpose (often used to refer to computing systems or software that has been badly put together)
klutz	n.	(Yiddish) a clumsy dolt
km	n.	a metric unit of length equal to 1000 meters (or 0.621371 miles)
knack	n.	a special way of doing something
knacker	n.	someone who buys old buildings or ships and breaks them up to recover the materials in them
knacker	n.	someone who buys up old horses for slaughter
knapsack	n.	a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder
knave	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
knave	n.	one of four face cards in a deck bearing a picture of a young prince
knavery	n.	lack of honesty; acts of lying or cheating or stealing
knavish	adj.	marked by skill in deception
knead	v.	make uniform
knead	v.	manually manipulate (someone's body), usually for medicinal or relaxation purposes
knee	n.	hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur and protected in front by the patella
knee	n.	joint between the femur and tibia in a quadruped; corresponds to the human knee
knee	n.	the part of a trouser leg that provides the cloth covering for the knee
kneecap	n.	a small flat triangular bone in front of the knee that protects the knee joint
kneecap	v.	shoot in the kneecap, often done by terrorist groups as a warning
kneecapped	v.	shoot in the kneecap, often done by terrorist groups as a warning
kneecapping	v.	shoot in the kneecap, often done by terrorist groups as a warning
kneel	n.	supporting yourself on your knees
kneel	v.	rest one's weight on one's knees
knell	n.	the sound of a bell rung slowly to announce a death or a funeral or the end of something
knell	v.	ring as in announcing death
knell	v.	make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification
knelt	v.	rest one's weight on one's knees
knesset	n.	the Israeli unicameral parliament
knew	v.	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about
knew	v.	know how to do or perform something
knew	v.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt
knew	v.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object
knew	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
knew	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
knew	v.	have fixed in the mind
knew	v.	have sexual intercourse with
knew	v.	know the nature or character of
knew	v.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different
knew	v.	perceive as familiar
knickerbockers	n.	trousers ending above the knee
knickers	n.	trousers ending above the knee
knickers	n.	underpants worn by women
knickknack	n.	a small inexpensive mass-produced article
knickknack	n.	miscellaneous curios
knife	n.	edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge and a handle
knife	n.	a weapon with a handle and blade with a sharp point
knife	n.	any long thin projection that is transient
knife	v.	use a knife on
knight	n.	originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Great Britain a person honored by the sovereign for personal merit
knight	n.	a chessman shaped to resemble the head of a horse; can move two squares horizontally and one vertically (or vice versa)
knight	v.	raise (someone) to knighthood
knighthood	n.	aristocrats holding the rank of knight
knightliness	n.	the medieval principles governing knighthood and knightly conduct
knish	n.	(Yiddish) a baked or fried turnover filled with potato or meat or cheese; often eaten as a snack
knit	n.	a fabric made by knitting
knit	n.	a basic knitting stitch
knit	n.	needlework created by interlacing yarn in a series of connected loops using straight eyeless needles or by machine
knit	v.	make (textiles) by knitting
knit	v.	tie or link together
knit	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
knitted	v.	make (textiles) by knitting
knitted	v.	tie or link together
knitted	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
knitted	adj.	made by intertwining threads in a series of connected loops rather than by weaving
knitter	n.	someone who makes garments (or fabrics) by intertwining yarn or thread
knitting	n.	needlework created by interlacing yarn in a series of connected loops using straight eyeless needles or by machine
knitting	n.	creating knitted wear
knitting	v.	make (textiles) by knitting
knitting	v.	tie or link together
knitting	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
knitwear	n.	knitted clothing
knives	n.	edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge and a handle
knives	n.	a weapon with a handle and blade with a sharp point
knives	n.	any long thin projection that is transient
knob	n.	a circular rounded projection or protuberance
knob	n.	a round handle
knob	n.	any thickened enlargement
knob	n.	an ornament in the shape of a ball on the hilt of a sword or dagger
knobbly	adj.	having knobs
knobby	adj.	having knobs
knock	n.	the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing)
knock	n.	negative criticism
knock	n.	a vigorous blow
knock	n.	a bad experience
knock	n.	the act of hitting vigorously
knock	v.	deliver a sharp blow or push :
knock	v.	rap with the knuckles
knock	v.	knock against with force or violence
knock	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
knock	v.	sound like a car engine that is firing too early
knock	v.	find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws
knockabout	n.	a sloop with a simplified rig and no bowsprit
knockabout	adj.	full of rough and exuberant animal spirits
knockabout	adj.	suitable for rough use
knockdown	n.	a blow that knocks the opponent off his feet
knockdown	adj.	(furniture) easily assembled and dismantled
knocker	n.	(Yiddish) a big shot who knows it and acts that way; a boastful immoderate person
knocker	n.	a person who knocks (as seeking to gain admittance)
knocker	n.	one who disparages or belittles the worth of something
knocker	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
knocker	n.	a device (usually metal and ornamental) attached by a hinge to a door
knockoff	n.	an unauthorized copy or imitation
knockout	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
knockout	n.	a blow that renders the opponent unconscious
knockout	adj.	very strong or vigorous
knockwurst	n.	short thick highly seasoned sausage
knoll	n.	a small natural hill
knossos	n.	an ancient town on Crete where Bronze Age culture flourished from about 2000 BC to 1400 BC
knot	n.	a tight cluster of people or things
knot	n.	any of various fastenings formed by looping and tying a rope (or cord) upon itself or to another rope or to another object
knot	n.	a hard cross-grained round piece of wood in a board where a branch emerged
knot	n.	something twisted and tight and swollen
knot	n.	a unit of length used in navigation; exactly 1,852 meters; historically based on the distance spanned by one minute of arc in latitude
knot	n.	soft lump or unevenness in a yarn; either an imperfection or created by design
knot	n.	a sandpiper that breeds in the Arctic and winters in the southern hemisphere
knot	v.	make into knots; make knots out of
knot	v.	tie or fasten into a knot
knot	v.	tangle or complicate
knothole	n.	a hole in a board where a knot came out
knotted	v.	make into knots; make knots out of
knotted	v.	tie or fasten into a knot
knotted	v.	tangle or complicate
knotted	adj.	tied with a knot
knotted	adj.	used of old persons or old trees; covered with knobs or knots
knotting	v.	make into knots; make knots out of
knotting	v.	tie or fasten into a knot
knotting	v.	tangle or complicate
knotty	adj.	making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve or believe
knotty	adj.	used of old persons or old trees; covered with knobs or knots
knotty	adj.	highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - Sir Walter Scott
knotty	adj.	tangled in knots or snarls
know	n.	the fact of being aware of information that is known to few people
know	v.	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about
know	v.	know how to do or perform something
know	v.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt
know	v.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object
know	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
know	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
know	v.	have fixed in the mind
know	v.	have sexual intercourse with
know	v.	know the nature or character of
know	v.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different
know	v.	perceive as familiar
knowing	n.	a clear and certain mental apprehension
knowing	v.	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about
knowing	v.	know how to do or perform something
knowing	v.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt
knowing	v.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object
knowing	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
knowing	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
knowing	v.	have fixed in the mind
knowing	v.	have sexual intercourse with
knowing	v.	know the nature or character of
knowing	v.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different
knowing	v.	perceive as familiar
knowing	adj.	evidencing the possession of inside information
knowing	adj.	characterized by conscious design or purpose
knowing	adj.	alert and fully informed
knowing	adj.	highly educated; having extensive information or understanding
knowledge	n.	the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning
knowledgeable	adj.	highly educated; having extensive information or understanding
knowledgeable	adj.	alert and fully informed
knowledgeable	adj.	thoroughly acquainted through study or experience; -W.H.Hudson; - Herbert Read
known	v.	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about
known	v.	know how to do or perform something
known	v.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt
known	v.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object
known	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
known	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
known	v.	have fixed in the mind
known	v.	have sexual intercourse with
known	v.	know the nature or character of
known	v.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different
known	v.	perceive as familiar
known	adj.	apprehended with certainty
knox	n.	Scottish theologian who founded Presbyterianism in Scotland and wrote a history of the Reformation in Scotland (1514-1572)
knoxville	n.	a city in eastern Tennessee on the Tennessee River
knuckle	n.	a joint of a finger when the fist is closed
knuckle	v.	press or rub with the knuckles
knuckle	v.	shoot a marble while keeping one's knuckles on the ground
knucklehead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
ko	n.	a blow that renders the opponent unconscious
koala	n.	sluggish tailless Australian arboreal marsupial with grey furry ears and coat; feeds on eucalyptus leaves and bark
koan	n.	a paradoxical anecdote or a riddle that has no solution; used in Zen Buddhism to show the inadequacy of logical reasoning
kobe	n.	a port city in Japan on Osaka Bay in southern Honshu; was damaged by an earthquake in 1995
koch	n.	German bacteriologist who isolated the anthrax bacillus and the tubercle bacillus and the cholera bacillus (1843-1910)
kodiak	n.	an island off southern Alaska in the Gulf of Alaska; site of the first European settlement in the area which was founded by the Russians in 1784
kodiak	n.	brown bear of coastal Alaska and British Columbia
koestler	n.	British writer (born in Hungary) who wrote a novel exposing the Stalinist purges during the 1930s (1905-1983)
kohl	n.	a cosmetic preparation used by women in Egypt and Arabia to darken the edges of their eyelids
kohlrabi	n.	plant cultivated for its enlarged fleshy turnip-shaped edible stem
kohlrabi	n.	fleshy turnip-shaped edible stem of the kohlrabi plant
kohlrabies	n.	plant cultivated for its enlarged fleshy turnip-shaped edible stem
kohlrabies	n.	fleshy turnip-shaped edible stem of the kohlrabi plant
kola	n.	tree bearing large brown nuts containing e.g. caffeine; source of cola extract
kola	n.	a Chadic language spoken south of Lake Chad
kongo	n.	the Bantu language spoken by the Kongo living in the tropical forests of Zaire and Congo and Angola
kook	n.	someone regarded as eccentric or crazy and standing out from a group
kookaburra	n.	Australian kingfisher having a loud cackling cry
kooky	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
kopeck	n.	100 kopecks equal 1 ruble in Russia
korea	n.	an Asian peninsula (off Manchuria) separating the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan; the Korean name is Dae-Han-Min-Gook or Han-Gook
korean	n.	a native or inhabitant of Korea who speaks the Korean language
korean	n.	the Altaic language spoken by Koreans
korean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Korea or its people or language
korzybski	n.	United States semanticist (born in Poland) (1879-1950)
kosciusko	n.	Polish patriot and soldier who fought with Americans in the American Revolution (1746-1817)
kosher	n.	food that fulfills the requirements of Jewish dietary law
kosher	adj.	conforming to dietary laws
kosher	adj.	proper or legitimate
kowtow	n.	a former Chinese custom of touching the ground with the forehead as a sign of respect or submission
kowtow	v.	bend the knees and bow in a servile manner
kowtow	v.	try to gain favor by cringing or flattering
kp	n.	an enlisted person who is assigned to assist the cooks
kph	n.	the ratio of the distance traveled (in kilometers) to the time spent traveling (in hours)
kr	n.	a colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; occurs in trace amounts in air
kr	n.	a communist organization formed in Cambodia in 1970; became a terrorist organization in 1975 when it captured Phnom Penh and created a government that killed an estimated three million people; was defeated by Vietnamese troops but remained active until 1999
kraal	n.	a village of huts for native Africans in southern Africa; usually surrounded by a stockade
kraal	n.	a pen for livestock in southern Africa
kraft	n.	strong wrapping paper made from pulp processed with a sulfur solution
krakatoa	n.	a small volcanic island in Indonesia between Java and Sumatra; its violent eruption in 1883 was the greatest in recorded history
krakow	n.	an industrial city in southern Poland on the Vistula
kraut	n.	offensive term for a person of German descent
krebs	n.	English biochemist (born in Germany) who discovered the Krebs cycle (1900-1981)
kremlin	n.	citadel of Moscow, housing the offices of the Russian government
kremlin	n.	citadel of a Russian town
krill	n.	shrimp-like planktonic crustaceans; major source of food for e.g. baleen whales
kris	n.	a Malayan dagger with a wavy blade
krishna	n.	8th and most important avatar of Vishnu; incarnated as a handsome young man playing a flute
krona	n.	the basic unit of money in Sweden
krona	n.	the basic unit of money in Iceland
krone	n.	the basic unit of money in Norway
krone	n.	the basic unit of money in Denmark
kronecker	n.	German mathematician (1823-1891)
kronur	n.	the basic unit of money in Sweden
kronur	n.	the basic unit of money in Iceland
kropotkin	n.	Russian anarchist (1842-1921)
kruger	n.	Boer statesman (1825-1904)
krupp	n.	German arms manufacturer and son of Friedrich Krupp; his firm provided ordnance for German armies from the 1840s through World War II (1812-1887)
krupp	n.	German industrialist who manufactured steel in Essen (1787-1826)
krypton	n.	a colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; occurs in trace amounts in air
ks	n.	a state in midwestern United States
ks	n.	the basic unit of thermodynamic temperature adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
ks	n.	a light soft silver-white metallic element of the alkali metal group; oxidizes rapidly in air and reacts violently with water; is abundant in nature in combined forms occurring in sea water and in carnallite and kainite and sylvite
ks	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
ks	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 bytes
ks	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 bytes
ks	n.	the 11th letter of the Roman alphabet
ks	n.	street names for ketamine
kshatriya	n.	a member of the royal or warrior Hindu caste
kt	n.	the unit of measurement for the proportion of gold in an alloy; 18-karat gold is 75% gold; 24-karat gold is pure gold
kubrick	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1928)
kudos	n.	an expression of approval and commendation
kudzu	n.	fast-growing vine from eastern Asia having tuberous starchy roots and hairy trifoliate leaves and racemes of purple flowers followed by long hairy pods containing many seeds; grown for fodder and forage and root starch; widespread in the southern United States
kuhn	n.	Austrian chemist who did research on carotenoids and vitamins (1900-1967)
kumquat	n.	any of several trees or shrubs of the genus Fortunella bearing small orange-colored edible fruits with thick sweet-flavored skin and sour pulp
kumquat	n.	small oval citrus fruit with thin sweet rind and very acid pulp
kuomintang	n.	the political party founded in 1911 by Sun Yat-sen; it governed China under Chiang Kai-shek from 1928 until 1949 when the Communists took power and subsequently was the official ruling party of Taiwan
kurd	n.	a member of a largely pastoral Islamic people who live in Kurdistan; the largest ethnic group without their own state
kurdish	n.	an Iranian language spoken in Turkey and Iran and Iraq and Syria and Russia
kurdish	adj.	of or relating to Kurdistan or the Kurds or their language and culture
kurdistan	n.	an extensive geographical region in the Middle East to the south of the Caucasus
kurdistan	n.	an oriental rug woven by Kurds that is noted for fine colors and durability
kurosawa	n.	Japanese filmmaker noted for blending Japanese folklore with western styles of acting (1910-1998)
kutuzov	n.	Russian field marshal who commanded the Russian opposition to Napoleon (1745-1813)
kuwait	n.	a seaport on the Persian Gulf and capital of Kuwait
kuwait	n.	an Arab kingdom in Asia on the northwestern coast of the Persian Gulf; a major source of petroleum
kuwaiti	n.	a native or inhabitant of Kuwait
kuwaiti	adj.	of or relating to the kingdom of Kuwait or its people
kuwaiti	adj.	of or relating to the capital of Kuwait or its residents
kuznets	n.	United States economist (born in Russia) who developed a method for using a country's gross national product to estimate its economic growth (1901-1985)
kvetch	n.	(Yiddish) a constant complainer
kvetch	n.	(Yiddish) a nagging complaint
kvetch	v.	express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
kw	n.	a unit of power equal to 1000 watts
kwakiutl	n.	a member of the Wakashan people living around Queen Charlotte Sound and on northern Vancouver Island
kwakiutl	n.	a Wakashan language spoken by the Kwakiutl
kwangju	n.	city in southwestern South Korea; an important military base during the Korean War
kwanzaa	n.	a festival featuring African-American culture; celebrated between Christmas and New Year
ky	n.	a state in east central United States; a border state during the American Civil War; famous for breeding race horses
kyoto	n.	a city in central Japan on southern Honshu; a famous cultural center that was once the capital of Japan
kyrgyzstan	n.	a landlocked republic in west central Asia bordering on northwestern China; formerly an Asian soviet but became independent in 1991
kyushu	n.	the southernmost of the four main islands of Japan; contains coal fields
l	n.	a metric unit of capacity, formerly defined as the volume of one kilogram of pure water under standard conditions; now equal to 1,000 cubic centimeters (or approximately 1.75 pints)
l	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five
l	n.	a cgs unit of illumination equal to the brightness of a perfectly diffusing surface that emits or reflects one lumen per square centimeter
l	n.	the 12th letter of the Roman alphabet
l	adj.	being ten more than forty
l'enfant	n.	United States architect (born in France) who laid out the city plan for Washington (1754-1825)
la	n.	a white soft metallic element that tarnishes readily; occurs in rare earth minerals and is usually classified as a rare earth
la	n.	a state in southern United States on the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
la	n.	the syllable naming the sixth (submediant) note of a major or minor scale in solmization
lab	n.	a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
laban	n.	Hungarian choreographer who developed Labanotation (1879-1958)
label	n.	a brief description given for purposes of identification
label	n.	trade name of a company that produces musical recordings
label	n.	a radioactive isotope that is used in a compound in order to trace the mechanism of a chemical reaction
label	n.	an identifying or descriptive marker that is attached to an object
label	v.	assign a label to; designate with a label
label	v.	attach a tag or label to
label	v.	pronounce judgment on
label	v.	distinguish (as a compound or molecule) by introducing a labeled atom
label	v.	distinguish (an element or atom) by using a radioactive isotope or an isotope of unusual mass for tracing through chemical reactions
labeled	v.	assign a label to; designate with a label
labeled	v.	attach a tag or label to
labeled	v.	pronounce judgment on
labeled	v.	distinguish (as a compound or molecule) by introducing a labeled atom
labeled	v.	distinguish (an element or atom) by using a radioactive isotope or an isotope of unusual mass for tracing through chemical reactions
labeled	adj.	bearing or marked with a label or tag
labia	n.	a liplike structure that bounds a bodily orifice (especially any of the four labiate folds of a woman's vulva)
labial	n.	a consonant whose articulation involves movement of the lips
labial	adj.	of or relating to the lips of the mouth
labial	adj.	relating to or near the female labium
labile	adj.	(chemistry, physics, biology) readily undergoing change or breakdown
labile	adj.	liable to change
labium	n.	a liplike structure that bounds a bodily orifice (especially any of the four labiate folds of a woman's vulva)
labor	n.	a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages
labor	n.	productive work (especially physical work done for wages)
labor	n.	concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of contractions to the birth of a child
labor	n.	an organized attempt by workers to improve their status by united action (particularly via labor unions) or the leaders of this movement
labor	n.	a political party formed in Great Britain in 1900; characterized by the promotion of labor's interests and formerly the socialization of key industries
labor	n.	the federal department responsible for promoting the working conditions of wage earners in the United States; created in 1913
labor	n.	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted
labor	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
labor	v.	work hard
labor	v.	undergo the efforts of childbirth
laboratory	n.	a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
laboratory	n.	a region resembling a laboratory inasmuch as it offers opportunities for observation and practice and experimentation
laborer	n.	someone who works with their hands; someone engaged in manual labor
laborious	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
laboriousness	n.	the quality of requiring extended effort
laborsaving	adj.	designed to replace or conserve human and especially manual labor
labrador	n.	the mainland part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador in the eastern part of the large Labrador-Ungava Peninsula in northeastern Canada
laburnum	n.	flowering shrubs or trees having bright yellow flowers; all parts of the plant are poisonous
labyrinth	n.	complex system of paths or tunnels in which it is easy to get lost
labyrinth	n.	a complex system of interconnecting cavities; concerned with hearing and equilibrium
labyrinthine	adj.	relating to or affecting or originating in the inner ear
labyrinthine	adj.	resembling a labyrinth in form or complexity
labyrinths	n.	complex system of paths or tunnels in which it is easy to get lost
labyrinths	n.	a complex system of interconnecting cavities; concerned with hearing and equilibrium
lac	n.	resinlike substance secreted by certain lac insects; used in e.g. varnishes and sealing wax
lace	n.	a cord that is drawn through eyelets or around hooks in order to draw together two edges (as of a shoe or garment)
lace	n.	a delicate decorative fabric woven in an open web of symmetrical patterns
lace	v.	spin,wind, or twist together
lace	v.	make by braiding or interlacing
lace	v.	do lacework
lace	v.	draw through eyes or holes
lace	v.	add alcohol to (beverages)
lacerate	v.	cut or tear irregularly
lacerate	v.	deeply hurt the feelings of; distress
lacerate	adj.	irregularly slashed and jagged as if torn
lacerate	adj.	having edges that are jagged from injury
laceration	n.	a torn ragged wound
laceration	n.	the act of lacerating
lacewing	n.	any of two families of insects with gauzy wings (Chrysopidae and Hemerobiidae); larvae feed on insect pests such as aphids
lacework	n.	work consisting of (or resembling) lace fabric
lachesis	n.	the Greek goddess of fate who determines the length of the thread of life
lachrymal	adj.	of or relating to tears
lachrymal	adj.	relating to or located near the organ that produces tears
lachrymose	adj.	showing sorrow
lack	n.	the state of needing something that is absent or unavailable
lack	v.	be without
lackadaisical	adj.	lacking spirit or liveliness
lackadaisical	adj.	idle or indolent especially in a dreamy way; ; - P.G.Wodehouse
lackey	n.	a male servant (especially a footman)
lackey	n.	a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage
lackluster	adj.	lacking brilliance or vitality
lackluster	adj.	lacking luster or shine
laconic	adj.	brief and to the point; effectively cut short
laconically	adv.	in a dry laconic manner;  he said dryly
lacquer	n.	a black resinous substance obtained from certain trees and used as a natural varnish
lacquer	n.	a hard glossy coating
lacquer	v.	coat with lacquer
lacrosse	n.	a game invented by American Indians; now played by two teams who use long-handled rackets to catch and carry and throw the ball toward the opponents' goal
lactate	n.	a salt or ester of lactic acid
lactate	v.	give suck to
lactation	n.	the period following birth during which milk is secreted
lactation	n.	the production and secretion of milk by the mammary glands
lactation	n.	feeding an infant by giving suck at the breast
lacteal	n.	any of the lymphatic vessels that convey chyle from the small intestine to the thoracic duct
lacteal	adj.	relating to or consisting of or producing or resembling milk
lactic	adj.	of or relating to or obtained from milk (especially sour milk or whey)
lactobacillus	n.	a Gram-positive rod-shaped bacterium that produces lactic acid (especially in milk)
lactose	n.	a sugar comprising one glucose molecule linked to a galactose molecule; occurs only in milk
lacuna	n.	a blank gap or missing part
lacuna	n.	an ornamental sunken panel in a ceiling or dome
lacunae	n.	a blank gap or missing part
lacunae	n.	an ornamental sunken panel in a ceiling or dome
lacy	adj.	made of or resembling lace
lacy	adj.	having open interstices or resembling a web
lad	n.	a boy or man
lad	n.	a male child (a familiar term of address to a boy)
ladder	n.	steps consisting of two parallel members connected by rungs; for climbing up or down
ladder	n.	ascending stages by which somebody or something can progress
ladder	n.	a row of unravelled stitches
ladder	v.	come unraveled or undone as if by snagging
laddie	n.	a male child (a familiar term of address to a boy)
lade	v.	remove with or as if with a ladle
lade	v.	fill or place a load on
laden	v.	remove with or as if with a ladle
laden	v.	fill or place a load on
laden	adj.	filled with a great quantity
laden	adj.	burdened psychologically or mentally
lading	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
lading	v.	remove with or as if with a ladle
lading	v.	fill or place a load on
ladle	n.	a spoon-shaped vessel with a long handle; frequently used to transfer liquids from one container to another
ladle	v.	put (a liquid) into a container by means of a ladle
ladle	v.	remove with or as if with a ladle
ladoga	n.	a lake in northwestern Russia to the north of St. Petersburg; the largest lake in Europe; drains through the Neva River into the Gulf of Finland
lady	n.	a polite name for any woman
lady	n.	a woman of refinement
lady	n.	a woman of the peerage in Britain
ladybird	n.	small round bright-colored and spotted beetle that usually feeds on aphids and other insect pests
ladybug	n.	small round bright-colored and spotted beetle that usually feeds on aphids and other insect pests
ladyfinger	n.	small finger-shaped sponge cake
ladylike	adj.	befitting a woman of good breeding
ladylove	n.	a woman who is a man's sweetheart
ladyship	n.	a title used to address any peeress except a duchess
laetrile	n.	a substance derived from amygdalin; publicized as an antineoplastic drug although there is no supporting evidence
lafayette	n.	French soldier who served under George Washington in the American Revolution (1757-1834)
lafayette	n.	a town in south central Louisiana; settled by Acadians
lafayette	n.	a university town in west central Indiana on the Wabash River
lafitte	n.	French pirate who aided the United States in the War of 1812 and received an official pardon for his crimes (1780-1826)
lag	n.	the act of slowing down or falling behind
lag	n.	the time between one event, process, or period and another
lag	n.	one of several thin slats of wood forming the sides of a barrel or bucket
lag	v.	hang (back) or fall (behind) in movement, progress, development, etc.
lag	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
lag	v.	throw or pitch at a mark, as with coins
lag	v.	cover with lagging to prevent heat loss
lager	n.	a camp defended by a circular formation of wagons
lager	n.	a general term for beer made with bottom fermenting yeast (usually by decoction mashing); originally it was brewed in March or April and matured until September
laggard	n.	someone who takes more time than necessary; someone who lags behind
laggard	adj.	wasting time
lagged	v.	hang (back) or fall (behind) in movement, progress, development, etc.
lagged	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
lagged	v.	throw or pitch at a mark, as with coins
lagged	v.	cover with lagging to prevent heat loss
lagging	n.	used to wrap around pipes or boilers or laid in attics to prevent loss of heat
lagging	v.	hang (back) or fall (behind) in movement, progress, development, etc.
lagging	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
lagging	v.	throw or pitch at a mark, as with coins
lagging	v.	cover with lagging to prevent heat loss
lagniappe	n.	a small gift (especially one given by a merchant to a customer who makes a purchase)
lagoon	n.	a body of water cut off from a larger body by a reef of sand or coral
lagos	n.	chief port and economic center of Nigeria; located in southwestern Nigeria on the Gulf of Guinea; former capital of Nigeria
lahore	n.	city in northeast Pakistan
laid	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
laid	v.	put in a horizontal position
laid	v.	prepare or position for action or operation
laid	v.	lay eggs
laid	v.	impose as a duty, burden, or punishment
laid	adj.	set down according to a plan:
lain	v.	be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position
lain	v.	be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position
lain	v.	originate (in)
lain	v.	be and remain in a particular state or condition
lain	v.	tell an untruth; pretend with intent to deceive
lain	v.	have a place in relation to something else
lain	v.	assume a reclining position
lair	n.	the habitation of wild animals
laird	n.	a landowner
laity	n.	in Christianity, members of a religious community that do not have the priestly responsibilities of ordained clergy
laius	n.	(Greek mythology) king of Thebes who was unwittingly killed by his son Oedipus
lake	n.	a body of (usually fresh) water surrounded by land
lake	n.	a purplish red pigment prepared from lac or cochineal
lake	n.	any of numerous bright translucent organic pigments
lakefront	n.	land bordering a lake
lakeland	n.	a popular tourist area in northwestern England including England's largest lake and highest mountain
lakeside	n.	the shore of a lake
lakota	n.	a member of the large western branch of Sioux people which was made up of several groups that lived on the plains
lakshmi	n.	Hindu goddess of fortune and prosperity
lam	n.	a rapid escape (as by criminals)
lam	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
lam	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
lama	n.	a Tibetan or Mongolian priest of Lamaism
lama	n.	llamas
lamaism	n.	a Buddhist doctrine that includes elements from India that are not Buddhist and elements of preexisting shamanism
lamarck	n.	French naturalist who proposed that evolution resulted from the inheritance of acquired characteristics (1744-1829)
lamasery	n.	a monastery for lamas
lamb	n.	young sheep
lamb	n.	English essayist (1775-1834)
lamb	n.	a person easily deceived or cheated (especially in financial matters)
lamb	n.	a sweet innocent mild-mannered person (especially a child)
lamb	n.	the flesh of a young domestic sheep eaten as food
lamb	v.	give birth to a lamb
lambaste	v.	beat with a cane
lambaste	v.	censure severely or angrily
lambda	n.	the 11th letter of the Greek alphabet
lambda	n.	the craniometric point at the junction of the sagittal and lamboid sutures of the skull
lambency	n.	an appearance of reflected light
lambent	adj.	softly bright or radiant
lambert	n.	a cgs unit of illumination equal to the brightness of a perfectly diffusing surface that emits or reflects one lumen per square centimeter
lambert	n.	English composer and conductor (1905-1951)
lambkin	n.	a very young lamb
lambskin	n.	the skin of a lamb with the wool still on
lambskin	n.	skin of a sheep or goat prepared for writing on
lame	n.	someone who doesn't understand what is going on
lame	n.	a fabric interwoven with threads of metal
lame	v.	deprive of the use of a limb, especially a leg
lame	adj.	pathetically lacking in force or effectiveness
lame	adj.	disabled in the feet or legs
lameness	n.	disability of walking due to crippling of the legs or feet
lameness	n.	an imperfection or defectiveness
lament	n.	a cry of sorrow and grief
lament	n.	a song or hymn of mourning composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person
lament	n.	a mournful poem; a lament for the dead
lament	v.	express grief verbally
lament	v.	regret strongly
lamentably	adv.	in an unfortunate or deplorable manner
lamentation	n.	a cry of sorrow and grief
lamentation	n.	the passionate and demonstrative activity of expressing grief
lamentations	n.	an Old Testament book lamenting the desolation of Judah after the destruction of Jerusalem in 586 BC; traditionally attributed to the prophet Jeremiah
lamentations	n.	a cry of sorrow and grief
lamentations	n.	the passionate and demonstrative activity of expressing grief
lamina	n.	a thin plate or layer (especially of bone or mineral)
laminae	n.	a thin plate or layer (especially of bone or mineral)
laminar	adj.	arranged in or consisting of laminae
laminate	n.	a sheet of material made by bonding two or more sheets or layers
laminate	v.	create laminate by bonding sheets of material with a bonding material
laminate	v.	press or beat (metals) into thin sheets
laminate	v.	cover with a thin sheet of non-fabric material
laminate	v.	split (wood) into thin sheets
lamination	n.	a layered structure
lamination	n.	bonding thin sheets together
lammed	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
lammed	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
lamming	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
lamming	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
lamp	n.	an artificial source of visible illumination
lamp	n.	a piece of furniture holding one or more electric light bulbs
lampblack	n.	a black colloidal substance consisting wholly or principally of amorphous carbon and used to make pigments and ink
lamplight	n.	light from a lamp
lamplighter	n.	(when gas was used for streetlights) a person who lights and extinguishes streetlights
lampoon	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
lampoon	v.	ridicule with satire
lamppost	n.	a metal post supporting an outdoor lamp (such as a streetlight)
lamprey	n.	primitive eellike freshwater or anadromous cyclostome having round sucking mouth with a rasping tongue
lampshade	n.	a protective ornamental shade used to screen a light bulb from direct view
lan	n.	a local computer network for communication between computers; especially a network connecting computers and word processors and other electronic office equipment to create a communication system between offices
lanai	n.	an island of central Hawaii; a pineapple-growing area
lanai	n.	a veranda or roofed patio often furnished and used as a living room
lancashire	n.	a historical area of northwestern England on the Irish Sea; noted for textiles
lancaster	n.	a city in northwestern England
lancaster	n.	the English royal house that reigned from 1399 to 1461; its emblem was a red rose
lance	n.	a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon
lance	n.	an implement with a shaft and barbed point used for catching fish
lance	n.	a surgical knife with a pointed double-edged blade; used for punctures and small incisions
lance	v.	move quickly, as if by cutting one's way
lance	v.	pierce with a lance, as in a knights' fight
lance	v.	open by piercing with a lancet
lancelot	n.	(Arthurian legend) one of the knights of the Round Table; friend of King Arthur until (according to some versions of the legend) he became the lover of Arthur's wife Guinevere
lancer	n.	(formerly) a cavalryman armed with a lance
lancet	n.	an acutely pointed Gothic arch, like a lance
lancet	n.	a surgical knife with a pointed double-edged blade; used for punctures and small incisions
land	n.	the land on which real estate is located
land	n.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use)
land	n.	territory over which rule or control is exercised
land	n.	the solid part of the earth's surface
land	n.	the territory occupied by a nation
land	n.	a domain in which something is dominant
land	n.	extensive landed property (especially in the country) retained by the owner for his own use
land	n.	the people who live in a nation or country
land	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
land	n.	United States inventor who incorporated Polaroid film into lenses and invented the one step photographic process (1909-1991)
land	n.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life
land	v.	reach or come to rest
land	v.	cause to come to the ground
land	v.	bring into a different state
land	v.	bring ashore
land	v.	deliver (a blow)
land	v.	arrive on shore
land	v.	shoot at and force to come down
landau	n.	Soviet physicist who worked on low temperature physics (1908-1968)
landau	n.	a four-wheel covered carriage with a roof divided into two parts (front and back) that can be let down separately
landfall	n.	the seacoast first sighted on a voyage (or flight over water)
landfall	n.	the first sighting of land from the sea after a voyage (or flight over water)
landfill	n.	a low area that has been filled in
landholder	n.	a holder or proprietor of land
landholding	n.	ownership of land; the state or fact of owning land
landholding	n.	a holding in the form of land
landing	n.	an intermediate platform in a staircase
landing	n.	structure providing a place where boats can land people or goods
landing	n.	the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface)
landing	n.	the act of coming to land after a voyage
landing	v.	reach or come to rest
landing	v.	cause to come to the ground
landing	v.	bring into a different state
landing	v.	bring ashore
landing	v.	deliver (a blow)
landing	v.	arrive on shore
landing	v.	shoot at and force to come down
landlady	n.	a landlord who is a woman
landless	adj.	owning no land
landline	n.	a telephone line that travels over terrestrial circuits
landlocked	adj.	surrounded entirely or almost entirely by land
landlord	n.	a landowner who leases to others
landlubber	n.	a person who lives and works on land
landlubber	n.	an inexperienced sailor; a sailor on the first voyage
landmark	n.	the position of a prominent or well-known object in a particular landscape
landmark	n.	an event marking a unique or important historical change of course or one on which important developments depend
landmark	n.	a mark showing the boundary of a piece of land
landmark	n.	an anatomical structure used as a point of origin in locating other anatomical structures (as in surgery) or as point from which measurements can be taken
landmass	n.	a large continuous extent of land
landowner	n.	a holder or proprietor of land
landscape	n.	an expanse of scenery that can be seen in a single view
landscape	n.	painting depicting an expanse of natural scenery
landscape	n.	a genre of art dealing with the depiction of natural scenery
landscape	n.	an extensive mental viewpoint
landscape	v.	embellish with plants
landscape	v.	do landscape gardening
landscaper	n.	someone who arranges features of the landscape or garden attractively
landslide	n.	an overwhelming electoral victory
landslide	n.	a slide of a large mass of dirt and rock down a mountain or cliff
landslip	n.	a slide of a large mass of dirt and rock down a mountain or cliff
landsman	n.	a person who lives and works on land
landsman	n.	an inexperienced sailor; a sailor on the first voyage
landsmen	n.	a person who lives and works on land
landsmen	n.	an inexperienced sailor; a sailor on the first voyage
landsteiner	n.	United States pathologist (born in Austria) who discovered human blood groups (1868-1943)
landward	adv.	toward land
lane	n.	a narrow way or road
lane	n.	a well-defined track or path; for e.g. swimmers or lines of traffic
langley	n.	unit of solar radiation
langley	n.	United States astronomer and aviation pioneer who invented the bolometer and contributed to the design of early aircraft (1834-1906)
langmuir	n.	United States chemist who studied surface chemistry and developed the gas-filled tungsten lamp and worked on high temperature electrical discharges (1881-1957)
language	n.	a systematic means of communicating by the use of sounds or conventional symbols
language	n.	(language) communication by word of mouth
language	n.	the text of a popular song or musical-comedy number
language	n.	the cognitive processes involved in producing and understanding linguistic communication
language	n.	the mental faculty or power of vocal communication
language	n.	a system of words used to name things in a particular discipline
languid	adj.	lacking spirit or liveliness
languish	v.	lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief
languish	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
languish	v.	become feeble
languor	n.	a relaxed comfortable feeling
languor	n.	a feeling of lack of interest or energy
languor	n.	inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy
languorous	adj.	lacking spirit or liveliness
lank	adj.	long and thin and often limp
lank	adj.	long and lean
lankiness	n.	a tall and thin physique
lanky	adj.	tall and thin and having long slender limbs
lanky	adj.	tall and thin
lanolin	n.	a yellow viscous animal oil extracted from wool; a mixture of fatty acids and esters; used in some ointments and cosmetics
lanolin	n.	an emollient containing wool fat (a fatty substance obtained from the wool of sheep)
lansing	n.	capital of the state of Michigan; located in southern Michigan on the Grand River
lantern	n.	light in a transparent protective case
lanthanum	n.	a white soft metallic element that tarnishes readily; occurs in rare earth minerals and is usually classified as a rare earth
lanyard	n.	a cord with an attached hook that is used to fire certain types of cannon
lanyard	n.	a cord worn around the neck to hold a knife or whistle
lanyard	n.	(nautical) a line used for extending or fastening rigging on ships
lanzhou	n.	the capital city of the Chinese province of Gansu on the Yellow River
lao	n.	a member of a Buddhist people inhabiting the area of the Mekong River in Laos and Thailand and speaking the Lao language; related to the Thais
lao	n.	the Tai language of a Buddhist people living in the area of the Mekong River in Thailand and Laos
lao	adj.	of or relating to a member of the Buddhist people inhabiting the Mekong river in Laos and Thailand
laocoon	n.	(Greek mythology) the priest of Apollo who warned the Trojans to beware of Greeks bearing gifts when they wanted to accept the Trojan Horse; a god who favored the Greeks (Poseidon or Athena) sent snakes who coiled around Laocoon and his two twin sons killing them
laos	n.	a mountainous landlocked communist state in southeastern Asia; achieved independence from France in 1949
laos	n.	a member of a Buddhist people inhabiting the area of the Mekong River in Laos and Thailand and speaking the Lao language; related to the Thais
laos	n.	the Tai language of a Buddhist people living in the area of the Mekong River in Thailand and Laos
laotian	n.	a member of a Buddhist people inhabiting the area of the Mekong River in Laos and Thailand and speaking the Lao language; related to the Thais
laotian	adj.	of or relating to Laos or its people
lap	n.	the upper side of the thighs of a seated person
lap	n.	an area of control or responsibility
lap	n.	the part of a piece of clothing that covers the thighs
lap	n.	a flap that lies over another part
lap	n.	movement once around a course
lap	n.	touching with the tongue
lap	v.	lie partly over or alongside of something or of one another
lap	v.	pass the tongue over
lap	v.	move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound
lap	v.	take up with the tongue
lap	v.	wash or flow against
laparoscopy	n.	laparotomy performed with a laparoscope that makes a small incision to examine the abdominal cavity (especially the ovaries and Fallopian tubes)
laparotomy	n.	surgical incision into the abdominal wall; often done to examine abdominal organs
lapboard	n.	writing board used on the lap as a table or desk
lapdog	n.	a dog small and tame enough to be held in the lap
lapel	n.	lap at the front of a coat; continuation of the coat collar
lapidary	n.	an expert on precious stones and the art of cutting and engraving them
lapidary	n.	a skilled worker who cuts and engraves precious stones
lapidary	adj.	of or relating to precious stones or the art of working with them; - Lord Byron
lapin	n.	the fur of a rabbit
lapin	n.	castrated male rabbit
laplace	n.	French mathematician and astronomer who formulated the nebular hypothesis concerning the origins of the solar system and who developed the theory of probability (1749-1827)
lapland	n.	a region in northmost Europe inhabited by Lapps
lapp	n.	a member of an indigenous nomadic people living in northern Scandinavia and herding reindeer
lapp	n.	the language of nomadic Lapps in northern Scandinavia and the Kola Peninsula
lapped	v.	lie partly over or alongside of something or of one another
lapped	v.	pass the tongue over
lapped	v.	move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound
lapped	v.	take up with the tongue
lapped	v.	wash or flow against
lappet	n.	a fleshy wrinkled and often brightly colored fold of skin hanging from the neck or throat of certain birds (chickens and turkeys) or lizards
lappet	n.	a small lap on a garment or headdress
lappet	n.	medium-sized hairy moths; larvae are lappet caterpillars
lapping	n.	covering with a design in which one element covers a part of another (as with tiles or shingles)
lapping	v.	lie partly over or alongside of something or of one another
lapping	v.	pass the tongue over
lapping	v.	move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound
lapping	v.	take up with the tongue
lapping	v.	wash or flow against
lapse	n.	a mistake resulting from inattention
lapse	n.	a break or intermission in the occurrence of something
lapse	n.	a failure to maintain a higher state
lapse	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
lapse	v.	end, at least for a long time
lapse	v.	drop to a lower level, as in one's morals or standards
lapse	v.	go back to bad behavior
lapse	v.	let slip
lapse	v.	pass by
laptop	n.	a portable computer small enough to use in your lap
lapwing	n.	large crested Old World plover having wattles and spurs
laramie	n.	a university town in southeast Wyoming
larboard	n.	the left side of a ship or aircraft to someone who is aboard and facing the bow or nose
larboard	adj.	located on the left side of a ship or aircraft
larcenist	n.	a person who commits larceny
larcenous	n.	having a disposition to steal
larceny	n.	the act of taking something from someone unlawfully
larch	n.	wood of a larch tree
larch	n.	any of numerous conifers of the genus Larix all having deciduous needlelike leaves
lard	n.	soft white semisolid fat obtained by rendering the fatty tissue of the hog
lard	v.	prepare or cook with lard
lard	v.	add details to
larder	n.	a supply of food especially for a household
larder	n.	a small storeroom for storing foods or wines
lardner	n.	United States humorist and writer of satirical short stories (1885-1933)
laredo	n.	a city in southern Texas on the Rio Grande
large	n.	a garment size for a large person
large	adj.	above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent
large	adj.	fairly large or important in effect; influential
large	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
large	adj.	generous and understanding and tolerant
large	adj.	conspicuous in position or importance
large	adj.	having broad power and range and scope
large	adj.	in an advanced stage of pregnancy
large	adv.	at a distance, wide of something (as of a mark)
large	adv.	with the wind abaft the beam
large	adv.	in a boastful manner
largeness	n.	the capacity to understand a broad range of topics
largeness	n.	large or extensive in breadth or importance or comprehensiveness
largeness	n.	the property of having a relatively great size
largeness	n.	the quality of being pretentious (behaving or speaking in such a manner as to create a false appearance of great importance or worth)
largess	n.	a gift or money given (as for service or out of benevolence); usually given ostentatiously
largess	n.	liberality in bestowing gifts; extremely liberal and generous of spirit
largish	adj.	somewhat large
largo	n.	(music) a composition or passage that is to be performed in a slow and dignified manner
largo	adj.	very slow in tempo and broad in manner
largo	adv.	slowly and broadly
lariat	n.	a long noosed rope used to catch animals
lark	n.	North American songbirds having a yellow breast
lark	n.	a songbird that lives mainly on the ground in open country; has streaky brown plumage
lark	n.	any of numerous predominantly Old World birds noted for their singing
lark	n.	any carefree episode
lark	v.	play boisterously
larkspur	n.	any of numerous cultivated plants of the genus Delphinium
larousse	n.	French lexicographer (1817-1875)
larva	n.	the immature free-living form of most invertebrates and amphibians and fish which at hatching from the egg is fundamentally unlike its parent and must metamorphose
larvae	n.	the immature free-living form of most invertebrates and amphibians and fish which at hatching from the egg is fundamentally unlike its parent and must metamorphose
larval	adj.	immature of its kind; especially being or characteristic of immature insects in the newly hatched wormlike feeding stage
larval	adj.	relating to or typical of a larva
laryngeal	adj.	of or relating to or situated in the larynx
larynges	n.	a cartilaginous structure at the top of the trachea; contains elastic vocal cords that are the source of the vocal tone in speech
laryngitis	n.	inflammation of the mucous membrane of the larynx; characterized by hoarseness or loss of voice and coughing
larynx	n.	a cartilaginous structure at the top of the trachea; contains elastic vocal cords that are the source of the vocal tone in speech
lasagna	n.	baked dish of layers of lasagna pasta with sauce and cheese and meat or vegetables
lasagna	n.	very wide flat strips of pasta
lascaux	n.	a cave in southwestern France that contains Paleolithic paintings
lascivious	adj.	driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires
lasciviousness	n.	feeling morbid sexual desire or a propensity to lewdness
laser	n.	an acronym for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation; an optical device that produces an intense monochromatic beam of coherent light
lash	n.	any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids
lash	n.	leather strip that forms the flexible part of a whip
lash	n.	a quick blow delivered with a whip or whiplike object
lash	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
lash	v.	lash or flick about sharply
lash	v.	strike as if by whipping
lash	v.	bind with a rope, chain, or cord
lashing	n.	beating with a whip or strap or rope as a form of punishment
lashing	n.	rope that is used for fastening something to something else
lashing	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
lashing	v.	lash or flick about sharply
lashing	v.	strike as if by whipping
lashing	v.	bind with a rope, chain, or cord
lashing	adj.	violently urging on by whipping or flogging
lass	n.	a girl or young woman who is unmarried
lassa	n.	the sacred city of Lamaism; known as the Forbidden City for its former inaccessibility and hostility to strangers
lassie	n.	a girl or young woman who is unmarried
lassitude	n.	a state of comatose torpor (as found in sleeping sickness)
lassitude	n.	a feeling of lack of interest or energy
lassitude	n.	weakness characterized by a lack of vitality or energy
lasso	n.	Belgian composer (1532-1594)
lasso	n.	a long noosed rope used to catch animals
lasso	v.	catch with a lasso
last	n.	the temporal end; the concluding time
last	n.	the last or lowest in an ordering or series
last	n.	a person's dying act; the final thing a person can do
last	n.	the time at which life ends; continuing until dead
last	n.	a unit of weight equal to 4,000 pounds
last	n.	a unit of capacity for grain equal to 80 bushels
last	n.	the concluding parts of an event or occurrence
last	n.	holding device shaped like a human foot that is used to fashion or repair shoes
last	v.	persist for a specified period of time
last	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
last	adj.	immediately past
last	adj.	coming after all others in time or space or degree or being the only one remaining
last	adj.	occurring at or forming an end or termination
last	adj.	most unlikely or unsuitable
last	adj.	occurring at the time of death
last	adj.	conclusive in a process or progression
last	adj.	highest in extent or degree
last	adj.	not to be altered or undone
last	adj.	lowest in rank or importance
last	adv.	most_recently
last	adv.	the item at the end
lasting	v.	persist for a specified period of time
lasting	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
lasting	adj.	continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place
lasting	adj.	existing for a long time
lasting	adj.	retained; not shed
lasting	adj.	lasting a long time without change
lat	n.	a broad flat muscle on either side of the back
latch	n.	spring-loaded doorlock that can only be opened from the outside with a key
latch	n.	catch for fastening a door or gate; a bar that can be lowered or slid into a groove
latch	v.	fasten with a latch
latchkey	n.	key for raising or drawing back a latch or opening an outside door
late	adj.	being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time
late	adj.	after the expected or usual time; delayed
late	adj.	of the immediate past or just previous to the present time
late	adj.	having died recently
late	adj.	of a later stage in the development of a language or literature; used especially of dead languages
late	adj.	at or toward an end or late period or stage of development
late	adj.	(used especially of persons) of the immediate past
late	adv.	later than usual or than expected
late	adv.	to an advanced time
late	adv.	at an advanced age or stage
late	adv.	in the recent past
latecomer	n.	someone who arrives late
latency	n.	(computer science) the time it takes for a specific block of data on a data track to rotate around to the read/write head
latency	n.	the time that elapses between a stimulus and the response to it
latency	n.	the state of being not yet evident or active
lateness	n.	quality of coming late or later in time
latent	adj.	potentially existing but not presently evident or realized
latent	adj.	(pathology) not presently active
lateral	n.	a pass to a receiver upfield from the passer
lateral	adj.	situated at or extending to the side; ; - Tennyson
lateral	adj.	lying away from the median and sagittal plane of a body
lateran	n.	the site in Rome containing the church of Rome and the Lateran Palace
latest	n.	the most recent news or development
latest	adj.	up to the immediate present; most recent or most up-to-date
latest	adj.	in the current fashion or style
latest	adj.	being or occurring at an advanced period of time or after a usual or expected time
latest	adj.	after the expected or usual time; delayed
latest	adj.	of the immediate past or just previous to the present time
latest	adj.	having died recently
latest	adj.	of a later stage in the development of a language or literature; used especially of dead languages
latest	adj.	at or toward an end or late period or stage of development
latest	adj.	(used especially of persons) of the immediate past
latex	n.	a milky exudate from certain plants that coagulates on exposure to air
latex	n.	a water-base paint that has a latex binder
lath	n.	a narrow thin strip of wood used as backing for plaster or to make latticework
lathe	n.	machine tool for shaping metal or wood; the workpiece turns about a horizontal axis against a fixed tool
lather	n.	the froth produced by soaps or detergents
lather	n.	agitation resulting from active worry
lather	n.	a workman who puts up laths
lather	n.	the foam resulting from excessive sweating (as on a horse)
lather	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
lather	v.	form a lather
lather	v.	exude sweat or lather
lather	v.	rub soap all over, usually with the purpose of cleaning
lathery	adj.	resembling lather or covered with lather
laths	n.	a narrow thin strip of wood used as backing for plaster or to make latticework
latices	n.	a milky exudate from certain plants that coagulates on exposure to air
latices	n.	a water-base paint that has a latex binder
latin	n.	any dialect of the language of ancient Rome
latin	n.	an inhabitant of ancient Latium
latin	n.	a person who is a member of those peoples whose languages derived from Latin
latin	adj.	of or relating to the ancient Latins or the Latin language
latin	adj.	relating to people or countries speaking Romance languages
latin	adj.	relating to languages derived from Latin
latin	adj.	of or relating to the ancient region of Latium
latino	n.	a native of Latin America
latino	n.	an artificial language based on words common to the Romance languages
latino	adj.	related to a Spanish-speaking people or culture
latish	adj.	somewhat late
latitude	n.	the angular distance between an imaginary line around a heavenly body parallel to its equator and the equator itself
latitude	n.	freedom from normal restraints in conduct
latitude	n.	an imaginary line around the Earth parallel to the equator
latitude	n.	scope for freedom of e.g. action or thought; freedom from restriction
latitudinal	adj.	of or relating to latitudes north or south
latitudinarian	n.	a person who is broad-minded and tolerant (especially in standards of religious belief and conduct)
latitudinarian	adj.	unwilling to accept authority or dogma (especially in religion)
latrine	n.	a public toilet in a military area
latrobe	n.	United States architect (born in England) whose works include the chambers of the United States Congress and the Supreme Court; considered the first professional architect in the United States (1764-1820)
latte	n.	strong espresso coffee with a topping of frothed steamed milk
latter	n.	the second of two or the second mentioned of two
latter	adj.	referring to the second of two things or persons mentioned (or the last one or ones of several)
lattice	n.	an arrangement of points or particles or objects in a regular periodic pattern in 2 or 3 dimensions
lattice	n.	small opening (like a window in a door) through which business can be transacted
lattice	n.	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal
latticework	n.	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal
latvia	n.	a republic in northeastern Europe on the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea
latvian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Latvia
latvian	n.	the official language of Latvia; belongs to the Baltic branch of Indo-European
latvian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Latvia or its people or language
laud	v.	praise, glorify, or honor
laudably	adv.	in an admirable manner
laudanum	n.	narcotic consisting of an alcohol solution of opium or any preparation in which opium is the main ingredient
laudatory	adj.	full of or giving praise
lauder	n.	Scottish ballad singer and music hall comedian (1870-1950)
lauder	n.	someone who communicates high praise
laugh	n.	the sound of laughing
laugh	n.	a facial expression characteristic of a person laughing
laugh	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
laugh	v.	produce laughter
laughably	adv.	so as to arouse or deserve laughter
laughing	v.	produce laughter
laughing	adj.	showing or feeling mirth or pleasure or happiness
laughingstock	n.	a victim of ridicule or pranks
laughs	n.	the sound of laughing
laughs	n.	a facial expression characteristic of a person laughing
laughs	n.	a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter
laughs	v.	produce laughter
laughter	n.	the sound of laughing
laughter	n.	the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn
launch	n.	a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck
launch	n.	the act of propelling with force
launch	v.	set up or found
launch	v.	propel with force
launch	v.	launch for the first time; launch on a maiden voyage
launch	v.	begin with vigor
launch	v.	get going; give impetus to
launch	v.	smoothen the surface of
launcher	n.	armament in the form of a device capable of launching a rocket
launcher	n.	a device that launches aircraft from a warship
launchpad	n.	a platform from which rockets or space craft are launched
launder	v.	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water
launder	v.	convert illegally obtained funds into legal ones
launderette	n.	a self-service laundry (service mark Laundromat) where coin-operated washing machines are available to individual customers
laundress	n.	a working woman who takes in washing
laundromat	n.	a self-service laundry (service mark Laundromat) where coin-operated washing machines are available to individual customers
laundry	n.	garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering
laundry	n.	workplace where clothes are washed and ironed
laundryman	n.	operates industrial washing machine
laundrymen	n.	operates industrial washing machine
laundrywoman	n.	a working woman who takes in washing
laundrywomen	n.	a working woman who takes in washing
laurasia	n.	a hypothetical continent that (according to plate tectonic theory) broke up later into North America and Europe and Asia
laureate	n.	someone honored for great achievements; figuratively someone crowned with a laurel wreath
laureate	adj.	worthy of the greatest honor or distinction; - James Traub
laurel	n.	any of various aromatic trees of the laurel family
laurel	n.	United States slapstick comedian (born in England) who played the scatterbrained and often tearful member of the Laurel and Hardy duo who made many films (1890-1965)
laurel	n.	(antiquity) a wreath of laurel foliage worn on the head as an emblem of victory
lav	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
lava	n.	rock that in its molten form (as magma) issues from volcanos; lava is what magma is called when it reaches the surface
lavage	n.	washing out a hollow organ (especially the stomach) by flushing with water
lavaliere	n.	jeweled pendant worn on a chain around the neck
lavatory	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
lavatory	n.	a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face
lavatory	n.	a toilet that is cleaned of waste by the flow of water through it
lave	v.	wash or flow against
lave	v.	cleanse (one's body) with soap and water
lave	v.	wash one's face and hands
lavender	n.	any of various Old World aromatic shrubs or subshrubs with usually mauve or blue flowers; widely cultivated
lavender	n.	a pale purple color
lavender	adj.	of a pale purple color
lavish	v.	expend profusely; also used with abstract nouns
lavish	adj.	very generous
lavish	adj.	characterized by extravagance and profusion
lavishness	n.	the quality possessed by something that is excessively expensive
lavishness	n.	excessive spending
lavoisier	n.	French chemist known as the father of modern chemistry; discovered oxygen and disproved the theory of phlogiston (1743-1794)
law	n.	the collection of rules imposed by authority
law	n.	legal document setting forth rules governing a particular kind of activity
law	n.	a rule or body of rules of conduct inherent in human nature and essential to or binding upon human society
law	n.	a generalization that describes recurring facts or events in nature
law	n.	the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and the principles that lead courts to make the decisions they do
law	n.	the learned profession that is mastered by graduate study in a law school and that is responsible for the judicial system
law	n.	the force of policemen and officers
lawbreaker	n.	someone who violates the law
lawful	adj.	conformable to or allowed by law
lawful	adj.	according to custom or rule or natural law
lawful	adj.	having a legally established claim
lawful	adj.	authorized, sanctioned by, or in accordance with law
lawfulness	n.	the quality of conforming to law
lawgiver	n.	a maker of laws; someone who gives a code of laws
lawless	adj.	without law or control
lawless	adj.	lax in enforcing laws
lawless	adj.	disobedient to or defiant of law
lawlessness	n.	a state of lawlessness and disorder (usually resulting from a failure of government)
lawlessness	n.	illegality as a consequence of unlawful acts; defiance of the law
lawmaker	n.	a maker of laws; someone who gives a code of laws
lawmaking	n.	the act of making or enacting laws
lawman	n.	an officer of the law
lawmen	n.	an officer of the law
lawn	n.	a field of cultivated and mowed grass
lawrence	n.	Roman martyr; supposedly Lawrence was ordered by the police to give up the church's treasure and when he responded by presenting the poor people of Rome he was roasted to death on a gridiron (died in 258)
lawrence	n.	Welsh soldier who from 1916 to 1918 organized the Arab revolt against the Turks; he later wrote an account of his adventures (1888-1935)
lawrence	n.	English portrait painter remembered for the series of portraits of the leaders of the alliance against Napoleon (1769-1830)
lawrence	n.	English actress (1898-1952)
lawrence	n.	United States physicist who developed the cyclotron (1901-1958)
lawrence	n.	English novelist and poet and essayist whose work condemned industrial society and explored sexual relationships (1885-1930)
lawrence	n.	a town in northeastern Kansas on the Kansas River; scene of raids by John Brown in 1856
lawrencium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized from californium
lawsuit	n.	a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy
lawton	n.	a town in southwest Oklahoma
lawyer	n.	a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives legal advice
lax	adj.	lacking in rigor or strictness
lax	adj.	pronounced with muscles of the tongue and jaw relatively relaxed (e.g., the vowel sound in `bet')
lax	adj.	lacking in strength or firmness or resilience
lax	adj.	emptying easily or excessively
laxative	n.	a mild cathartic
laxative	adj.	stimulating evacuation of feces
laxity	n.	the condition of being physiologically lax
laxity	n.	the quality of being lax and neglectful
laxness	n.	the quality of being lax and neglectful
laxness	n.	the condition of being physiologically lax
lay	n.	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain
lay	n.	a narrative poem of popular origin
lay	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
lay	v.	put in a horizontal position
lay	v.	prepare or position for action or operation
lay	v.	lay eggs
lay	v.	impose as a duty, burden, or punishment
lay	v.	be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position
lay	v.	be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position
lay	v.	originate (in)
lay	v.	be and remain in a particular state or condition
lay	v.	tell an untruth; pretend with intent to deceive
lay	v.	have a place in relation to something else
lay	v.	assume a reclining position
lay	adj.	characteristic of those who are not members of the clergy
lay	adj.	not of or from a profession
layabout	n.	person who does no work
layer	n.	single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance
layer	n.	a relatively thin sheetlike expanse or region lying over or under another
layer	n.	an abstract place usually conceived as having depth
layer	n.	a hen that lays eggs
layer	n.	thin structure composed of a single thickness of cells
layer	v.	make or form a layer
layered	v.	make or form a layer
layered	adj.	with one layer on top of another
layering	v.	make or form a layer
layette	n.	kit consisting of a complete outfit (clothing and accessories) for a new baby
layman	n.	someone who is not a clergyman or a professional person
laymen	n.	someone who is not a clergyman or a professional person
layoff	n.	the act of laying off an employee or a work force
layout	n.	a plan or design of something that is laid out
layout	n.	the act of laying out (as by making plans for something)
layover	n.	a brief stay in the course of a journey
layperson	n.	someone who is not a clergyman or a professional person
layup	n.	a basketball shot made with one hand from a position under or beside the basket (and usually banked off the backboard)
lazarus	n.	the person who Jesus raised from the dead after four days in the tomb; this miracle caused the enemies of Jesus to begin the plan to put him to death
lazarus	n.	the diseased beggar in Jesus' parable of the rich man and the beggar
laze	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
lazily	adv.	in a slow and lazy manner
lazily	adv.	in an idle manner
laziness	n.	inactivity resulting from a dislike of work
laziness	n.	relaxed and easy activity
laziness	n.	apathy and inactivity in the practice of virtue (personified as one of the deadly sins)
lazy	adj.	moving slowly and gently
lazy	adj.	disinclined to work or exertion
lazybones	n.	a lazy person
lb	n.	16 ounces avoirdupois
lbj	n.	36th President of the United States; was elected vice president and succeeded Kennedy when Kennedy was assassinated (1908-1973)
lcd	n.	a digital display that uses liquid crystal cells that change reflectivity in an applied electric field; used for portable computer displays and watches etc.
lcm	n.	the smallest multiple that is exactly divisible by every member of a set of numbers
le	n.	a chronic inflammatory collagen disease affecting connective tissue (skin or joints)
lea	n.	a unit of length of thread or yarn
lea	n.	a field covered with grass or herbage and suitable for grazing by livestock
leach	n.	the process of leaching
leach	v.	cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate
leach	v.	permeate or penetrate gradually
leach	v.	remove substances from by a percolating liquid
lead	n.	an advantage held by a competitor in a race
lead	n.	a soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element; bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey
lead	n.	evidence pointing to a possible solution
lead	n.	a position of leadership (especially in the phrase `take the lead')
lead	n.	the angle between the direction a gun is aimed and the position of a moving target (correcting for the flight time of the missile)
lead	n.	the introductory section of a story
lead	n.	(sports) the score by which a team or individual is winning
lead	n.	an actor who plays a principal role
lead	n.	(baseball) the position taken by a base runner preparing to advance to the next base
lead	n.	an indication of potential opportunity
lead	n.	a news story of major importance
lead	n.	the timing of ignition relative to the position of the piston in an internal-combustion engine
lead	n.	restraint consisting of a rope (or light chain) used to restrain an animal
lead	n.	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing
lead	n.	mixture of graphite with clay in different degrees of hardness; the marking substance in a pencil
lead	n.	a jumper that consists of a short piece of wire
lead	n.	the playing of a card to start a trick in bridge
lead	v.	take somebody somewhere
lead	v.	have as a result or residue
lead	v.	tend to or result in
lead	v.	travel in front of; go in advance of others
lead	v.	cause to undertake a certain action
lead	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
lead	v.	be in charge of
lead	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
lead	v.	be conducive to
lead	v.	lead, as in the performance of a composition
lead	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
lead	v.	move ahead (of others) in time or space
lead	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
lead	v.	preside over
leadbelly	n.	United States folk singer and composer (1885-1949)
leader	n.	a person who rules or guides or inspires others
leader	n.	a featured article of merchandise sold at a loss in order to draw customers
leadership	n.	the activity of leading
leadership	n.	the body of people who lead a group
leadership	n.	the status of a leader
leadership	n.	the ability to lead
leading	n.	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing
leading	n.	the activity of leading
leading	v.	take somebody somewhere
leading	v.	have as a result or residue
leading	v.	tend to or result in
leading	v.	travel in front of; go in advance of others
leading	v.	cause to undertake a certain action
leading	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
leading	v.	be in charge of
leading	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
leading	v.	be conducive to
leading	v.	lead, as in the performance of a composition
leading	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
leading	v.	move ahead (of others) in time or space
leading	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
leading	v.	preside over
leading	adj.	indicating the most important performer or role
leading	adj.	greatest in importance or degree or significance or achievement
leading	adj.	going or proceeding or going in advance; showing the way
leading	adj.	having the leading position or higher score in a contest
leaf	n.	the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants
leaf	n.	a sheet of any written or printed material (especially in a manuscript or book)
leaf	n.	hinged or detachable flat section (as of a table or door)
leaf	v.	look through a book or other written material
leaf	v.	turn over pages
leaf	v.	produce leaves, of plants
leafage	n.	the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants
leafless	adj.	having no leaves
leaflet	n.	a thin triangular flap of a heart valve
leaflet	n.	part of a compound leaf
leaflet	n.	a small book usually having a paper cover
leafstalk	n.	the slender stem that supports the blade of a leaf
leafy	adj.	having or covered with leaves
league	n.	an association of sports teams that organizes matches for its members
league	n.	an association of states or organizations or individuals for common action
league	n.	an obsolete unit of distance of variable length (usually 3 miles)
league	v.	unite to form a league
leak	n.	an accidental hole that allows something (fluid or light etc.) to enter or escape
leak	n.	soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi
leak	n.	a euphemism for urination
leak	n.	the discharge of a fluid from some container
leak	n.	unauthorized (especially deliberate) disclosure of confidential information
leak	v.	tell anonymously
leak	v.	be leaked
leak	v.	enter or escape as through a hole or crack or fissure
leak	v.	have an opening that allows light or substances to enter or go out
leakage	n.	the discharge of a fluid from some container
leakey	n.	English paleontologist (son of Louis Leakey and Mary Leakey) who continued the work of his parents; he was appointed director of a wildlife preserve in Kenya but resigned under political pressure (born in 1944)
leakey	n.	English paleontologist (the wife of Louis Leakey) who discovered the Zinjanthropus skull that was 1,750,000 years old (1913-1996)
leakey	n.	English paleontologist whose account of fossil discoveries in Tanzania changed theories of human evolution (1903-1972)
leakiness	n.	the condition of permitting leaks or leakage
leaky	adj.	permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases
leaky	adj.	used informally; unable to retain urine
leaky	adj.	prone to communicate confidential information
lean	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
lean	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
lean	v.	cause to lean or incline
lean	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
lean	v.	rely on for support
lean	v.	cause to lean to the side
lean	adj.	lacking excess flesh; ; -Shakespeare
lean	adj.	lacking in mineral content or combustible material
lean	adj.	containing little excess
lean	adj.	not profitable or prosperous
leander	n.	(Greek mythology) a youth beloved of Hero who drowned in a storm in the Hellespont on one of his nightly visits to see her
leaning	n.	an inclination to do something
leaning	n.	a natural inclination
leaning	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
leaning	n.	the act of deviating from a vertical position
leaning	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
leaning	v.	cause to lean or incline
leaning	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
leaning	v.	rely on for support
leaning	v.	cause to lean to the side
leaning	adj.	departing or being caused to depart from the true vertical or horizontal
leanness	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
leanness	n.	the property of having little body fat
leap	n.	a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards
leap	n.	an abrupt transition
leap	n.	a sudden and decisive increase
leap	n.	the distance leaped (or to be leaped)
leap	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
leap	v.	pass abruptly from one state or topic to another
leap	v.	jump down from an elevated point
leap	v.	cause to jump or leap
leaper	n.	someone who bounds or leaps (as in competition)
leapfrog	n.	advancing as if in the child's game, by leaping over obstacles or competitors
leapfrog	n.	a game in which one child bends down and another leaps over
leapfrog	v.	jump across
leapfrog	v.	progress by large jumps instead of small increments
leapfrogged	v.	jump across
leapfrogged	v.	progress by large jumps instead of small increments
leapfrogging	v.	jump across
leapfrogging	v.	progress by large jumps instead of small increments
leapt	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
leapt	v.	pass abruptly from one state or topic to another
leapt	v.	jump down from an elevated point
leapt	v.	cause to jump or leap
lear	n.	British artist and writer of nonsense verse (1812-1888)
lear	n.	the hero of William Shakespeare's tragedy who was betrayed and mistreated by two of his scheming daughters
learn	v.	gain knowledge or skills
learn	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
learn	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
learn	v.	be a student of a certain subject
learn	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
learn	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
learnedly	adv.	with erudition; in an erudite manner
learner	n.	someone (especially a child) who learns (as from a teacher) or takes up knowledge or beliefs
learner	n.	works for an expert to learn a trade
leary	n.	United States psychologist who experimented with psychoactive drugs (including LSD) and became a well-known advocate of their use (1920-1996)
lease	n.	property that is leased or rented out or let
lease	n.	a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment
lease	n.	the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect
lease	v.	let for money
lease	v.	hold under a lease or rental agreement; of goods and services
lease	v.	grant use or occupation of under a term of contract
lease	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
leasehold	n.	land or property held under a lease
leaseholder	n.	a tenant who holds a lease
leash	n.	restraint consisting of a rope (or light chain) used to restrain an animal
leash	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
leash	n.	a figurative restraint
leash	v.	fasten with a rope
least	n.	something that is of no importance
least	adj.	the superlative of `little' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning smallest in amount or extent or degree
least	adv.	used to form the superlative
leastwise	adv.	if nothing else (`leastwise' is informal and `leastways' is colloquial)
leather	n.	an animal skin made smooth and flexible by removing the hair and then tanning
leather	v.	whip with a leather strap
leatherette	n.	fabric made to look like leather
leatherneck	n.	a member of the United States Marine Corps
leathery	adj.	resembling or made to resemble leather; tough but pliable
leave	n.	the period of time during which you are absent from work or duty
leave	n.	permission to do something
leave	n.	the act of departing politely
leave	v.	go away from a place
leave	v.	go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness
leave	v.	act or be so as to become in a specified state
leave	v.	leave unchanged or undisturbed or refrain from taking
leave	v.	move out of or depart from
leave	v.	make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain
leave	v.	have as a result or residue
leave	v.	remove oneself from an association with or participation in
leave	v.	put into the care or protection of someone
leave	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
leave	v.	have left or have as a remainder
leave	v.	be survived by after one's death
leave	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
leave	v.	leave behind unintentionally
leaven	n.	a substance used to produce fermentation in dough or a liquid
leaven	n.	an influence that works subtly to lighten or modify something
leaven	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
leavened	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
leavened	adj.	made light by aerating, as with yeast or baking powder; often used as a combining form
leavening	n.	an influence that works subtly to lighten or modify something
leavening	n.	a substance used to produce fermentation in dough or a liquid
leavening	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
leaver	n.	someone who leaves
leavings	n.	the act of departing
lebanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Lebanon
lebanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Lebanon or its people
lebanon	n.	an Asian republic at east end of Mediterranean
lech	n.	man with strong sexual desires
lecher	n.	man with strong sexual desires
lecherous	adj.	given to excessive indulgence in sexual activity
lecherousness	n.	a strong sexual desire
lechery	n.	unrestrained indulgence in sexual activity
lecithin	n.	a yellow phospholipid essential for the metabolism of fats; found in egg yolk and in many plant and animal cells; used commercially as an emulsifier
lectern	n.	desk or stand with a slanted top used to hold a text at the proper height for a lecturer
lecture	n.	a speech that is open to the public
lecture	n.	a lengthy rebuke
lecture	n.	teaching by giving a discourse on some subject (typically to a class)
lecture	v.	deliver a lecture or talk
lecture	v.	censure severely or angrily
lecturer	n.	a public lecturer at certain universities
lecturer	n.	someone who lectures professionally
lectureship	n.	the post of lecturer
led	n.	diode such that light emitted at a p-n junction is proportional to the bias current; color depends on the material used
led	v.	take somebody somewhere
led	v.	have as a result or residue
led	v.	tend to or result in
led	v.	travel in front of; go in advance of others
led	v.	cause to undertake a certain action
led	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
led	v.	be in charge of
led	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
led	v.	be conducive to
led	v.	lead, as in the performance of a composition
led	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
led	v.	move ahead (of others) in time or space
led	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
led	v.	preside over
leda	n.	(Greek mythology) a queen of Sparta who was raped by Zeus who had taken the form of a swan; Helen of Troy was conceived in the rape of Leda
ledge	n.	a projecting ridge on a mountain or submerged under water
ledger	n.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded
ledger	n.	an accounting journal as a physical object
lee	n.	United States filmmaker whose works explore the richness of black culture in America (born in 1957)
lee	n.	United States striptease artist who became famous on Broadway in the 1930s (1914-1970)
lee	n.	United States actor who was an expert in kung fu and starred in martial arts films (1941-1973)
lee	n.	United States physicist (born in China) who collaborated with Yang Chen Ning in disproving the principle of conservation of parity (born in 1926)
lee	n.	leader of the American Revolution who proposed the resolution calling for independence of the American Colonies (1732-1794)
lee	n.	soldier of the American Revolution (1756-1818)
lee	n.	American general who led the Confederate Armies in the American Civil War (1807-1870)
lee	n.	the side of something that is sheltered from the wind
lee	adj.	towards the side away from the wind
leech	n.	carnivorous or bloodsucking aquatic or terrestrial worms typically having a sucker at each end
leech	n.	a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage
leech	v.	draw blood
leeds	n.	a city on the River Aire in West Yorkshire in northern England; a center of the clothing industry
leek	n.	plant having a large slender white bulb and flat overlapping dark green leaves; used in cooking; believed derived from the wild Allium ampeloprasum
leek	n.	related to onions; white cylindrical bulb and flat dark-green leaves
leer	n.	a facial expression of contempt or scorn; the upper lip curls
leer	n.	a suggestive or sneering look or grin
leer	v.	look suggestively or obliquely; look or gaze with a sly, immodest, or malign expression
leery	adj.	openly distrustful and unwilling to confide
leeuwenhoek	n.	Dutch pioneer microscopist who was among the first to recognize cells in animals and who gave the first accurate descriptions of microbes and spermatozoa and blood corpuscles (1632-1723)
leeward	n.	the direction in which the wind is blowing
leeward	n.	the side of something that is sheltered from the wind
leeward	adj.	on the side away from the wind
leeward	adv.	toward the wind
leeway	n.	(of a ship or plane) sideways drift
leeway	n.	a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits
left	n.	location near or direction toward the left side; i.e. the side to the north when a person or object faces east
left	n.	those who support varying degrees of social or political or economic change designed to promote the public welfare
left	n.	the hand that is on the left side of the body
left	n.	the piece of ground in the outfield on the catcher's left
left	n.	a turn toward the side of the body that is on the north when the person is facing east
left	v.	go away from a place
left	v.	go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness
left	v.	act or be so as to become in a specified state
left	v.	leave unchanged or undisturbed or refrain from taking
left	v.	move out of or depart from
left	v.	make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain
left	v.	have as a result or residue
left	v.	remove oneself from an association with or participation in
left	v.	put into the care or protection of someone
left	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
left	v.	have left or have as a remainder
left	v.	be survived by after one's death
left	v.	transmit (knowledge or skills)
left	v.	leave behind unintentionally
left	adj.	being or located on or directed toward the side of the body to the west when facing north
left	adj.	not used up
left	adj.	intended for the left hand
left	adj.	of or belonging to the political or intellectual left
left	adv.	toward or on the left; also used figuratively
leftism	n.	the ideology of the political left; belief in or support of the tenets of the political left
leftist	n.	a person who belongs to the political left
leftist	adj.	believing in or supporting tenets of the political left
leftmost	adj.	farthest to the left
leftover	n.	a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists
leftover	adj.	not used up
lefty	n.	a person who uses the left hand with greater skill than the right
lefty	n.	a baseball pitcher who throws the ball with the left hand
leg	n.	a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the part of the limb between the knee and ankle
leg	n.	a structure in animals that is similar to a human leg and used for locomotion
leg	n.	one of the supports for a piece of furniture
leg	n.	a part of a forked or branching shape
leg	n.	the limb of an animal used for food
leg	n.	a prosthesis that replaces a missing leg
leg	n.	a cloth covering consisting of the part of a pair of trousers that covers a person's leg
leg	n.	(nautical) the distance traveled by a sailing vessel on a single tack
leg	n.	a section or portion of a journey or course
legacy	n.	(law) a gift of personal property by will
legal	adj.	established by or founded upon law or official or accepted rules
legal	adj.	of or relating to jurisprudence
legal	adj.	having legal efficacy or force
legal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the profession of law
legal	adj.	allowed by official rules
legalese	n.	a style that uses the abstruse technical vocabulary of the law
legalism	n.	strict conformity to the letter of the law rather than its spirit
legality	n.	lawfulness by virtue of conformity to a legal statute
legalization	n.	the act of making lawful
legalize	v.	make legal
legate	n.	a member of a legation
legatee	n.	someone to whom a legacy is bequeathed
legato	adj.	(music) without breaks between notes; smooth and connected
legato	adv.	connecting the notes; in music
legend	n.	a story about mythical or supernatural beings or events
legend	n.	brief description accompanying an illustration
legendary	adj.	so celebrated as to having taken on the nature of a legend
legendary	adj.	celebrated in fable or legend
leger	n.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded
leger	n.	French painter who was an early cubist (1881-1955)
legerdemain	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
legged	adj.	having legs of a specified kind or number
legging	n.	a garment covering the leg (usually extending from the knee to the ankle)
leggy	adj.	(of plants) having tall spindly stems
leggy	adj.	having long legs
leghorn	n.	a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown
legibility	n.	distinctness that makes perception easy
legibility	n.	a quality of writing (print or handwriting) that can be easily read
legible	adj.	(of handwriting, print, etc.) capable of being read or deciphered
legibly	adv.	in a legible manner
legion	n.	archaic terms for army
legion	n.	association of ex-servicemen
legion	n.	a large military unit
legion	n.	a vast multitude
legion	adj.	amounting to a large indefinite number
legionary	n.	a soldier who is a member of a legion (especially the French Foreign Legion)
legionnaire	n.	a member of the American Legion
legionnaire	n.	a soldier who is a member of a legion (especially the French Foreign Legion)
legislate	v.	make laws, bills, etc. or bring into effect by legislation
legislation	n.	law enacted by a legislative body
legislation	n.	the act of making or enacting laws
legislative	adj.	relating to a legislature or composed of members of a legislature
legislative	adj.	of or relating to or created by legislation
legislator	n.	someone who makes or enacts laws
legislature	n.	persons who make or amend or repeal laws
legitimacy	n.	lawfulness by virtue of being authorized or in accordance with law
legitimacy	n.	undisputed credibility
legitimate	v.	make legal
legitimate	v.	show or affirm to be just and legitimate
legitimate	v.	make (an illegitimate child) legitimate; declare the legitimacy of (someone)
legitimate	adj.	of marriages and offspring; recognized as lawful
legitimate	adj.	based on known statements or events or conditions
legitimate	adj.	in accordance with recognized or accepted standards or principles
legitimate	adj.	authorized, sanctioned by, or in accordance with law
legitimatize	v.	make legal
legitimize	v.	make legal
legless	adj.	not having legs
lego	n.	(trademark) a child's plastic construction set for making mechanical models
legume	n.	an erect or climbing bean or pea plant of the family Leguminosae
legume	n.	the fruit or seed of any of various bean or pea plants consisting of a case that splits along both sides when ripe and having the seeds attach to one side of the case
legume	n.	the seedpod of a leguminous plant (such as peas or beans or lentils)
leguminous	adj.	relating to or consisting of legumes
lei	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
lei	n.	the basic unit of money in Moldova
lei	n.	the basic unit of money in Romania
leibniz	n.	German philosopher and mathematician who thought of the universe as consisting of independent monads and who devised a system of the calculus independent of Newton (1646-1716)
leicester	n.	a largely agricultural county in central England
leicester	n.	an industrial city in Leicestershire in central England; built on the site of a Roman settlement
leiden	n.	a city in the western Netherlands; residence of the Pilgrim Fathers for 11 years before they sailed for America in 1620
leigh	n.	English film actress (1913-1967)
leipzig	n.	a city in southeastern Germany famous for fairs; formerly a music and publishing center
leisure	n.	time available for ease and relaxation
leisure	n.	freedom to choose a pastime or enjoyable activity
leisureliness	n.	slowness by virtue of being leisurely
leitmotif	n.	a melodic phrase that accompanies the reappearance of a person or situation (as in Wagner's operas)
leitmotiv	n.	a melodic phrase that accompanies the reappearance of a person or situation (as in Wagner's operas)
lemaitre	n.	Belgian cosmologist who proposed the big-bang theory of the origin of the universe (1894-1966)
lemma	n.	a subsidiary proposition that is assumed to be true in order to prove another proposition
lemma	n.	the lower and stouter of the two glumes immediately enclosing the floret in most Gramineae
lemma	n.	the heading that indicates the subject of an annotation or a literary composition or a dictionary entry
lemming	n.	any of various short-tailed furry-footed rodents of circumpolar distribution
lemon	n.	yellow oval fruit with juicy acidic flesh
lemon	n.	a strong yellow color
lemon	n.	a small evergreen tree that originated in Asia but is widely cultivated for its fruit
lemon	n.	a distinctive tart flavor characteristic of lemons
lemon	n.	an artifact (especially an automobile) that is defective or unsatisfactory
lemonade	n.	sweetened beverage of diluted lemon juice
lemongrass	n.	an aromatic oil that smells like lemon and is widely used in Asian cooking and in perfumes and medicines
lemongrass	n.	a tropical grass native to India and Sri Lanka
lemony	adj.	tasting sour like a lemon
lemur	n.	large-eyed arboreal prosimian having foxy faces and long furry tails
lena	n.	a Russian river in Siberia; flows northward into the Laptev Sea
lenard	n.	German physicist who studied cathode rays (1862-1947)
lend	v.	bestow a quality on
lend	v.	give temporarily; let have for a limited time
lend	v.	have certain characteristics of qualities for something; be open or vulnerable to
lender	n.	someone who lends money or gives credit in business matters
length	n.	the linear extent in space from one end to the other; the longest dimension of something that is fixed in place
length	n.	continuance in time
length	n.	the property of being the extent of something from beginning to end
length	n.	size of the gap between two places
length	n.	a section of something that is long and narrow
lengthen	v.	make longer
lengthen	v.	become long or longer
lengthily	adv.	in a lengthy or prolix manner
lengthiness	n.	amount or degree or range to which something extends
lengthiness	n.	the consequence of being lengthened in duration
lengths	n.	the linear extent in space from one end to the other; the longest dimension of something that is fixed in place
lengths	n.	continuance in time
lengths	n.	the property of being the extent of something from beginning to end
lengths	n.	size of the gap between two places
lengths	n.	a section of something that is long and narrow
lengthwise	adj.	running or extending in the direction of the length of a thing
lengthwise	adv.	in the direction of the length
lengthy	adj.	relatively long in duration; tediously protracted
lenience	n.	mercifulness as a consequence of being lenient or tolerant
lenience	n.	a disposition to yield to the wishes of someone
lenience	n.	lightening a penalty or excusing from a chore by judges or parents or teachers
leniency	n.	mercifulness as a consequence of being lenient or tolerant
leniency	n.	a disposition to yield to the wishes of someone
leniency	n.	lightening a penalty or excusing from a chore by judges or parents or teachers
lenient	adj.	tolerant or lenient
lenient	adj.	not strict
lenient	adj.	characterized by tolerance and mercy
lenin	n.	Russian founder of the Bolsheviks and leader of the Russian Revolution and first head of the USSR (1870-1924)
leningrad	n.	a city in the European part of Russia; 2nd largest Russian city; located at the head of the Gulf of Finland; former capital of Russia
leninism	n.	the political and economic theories of Lenin which provided the guiding doctrine of the Soviet Union; the modification of Marxism by Lenin stressed that imperialism is the highest form of capitalism (which shifts the struggle from developed to underdeveloped countries)
lenitive	n.	remedy that eases pain and discomfort
lenitive	adj.	moderating pain or sorrow by making it easier to bear
lennon	n.	English rock star and guitarist and songwriter who with Paul McCartney wrote most of the music for the Beatles (1940-1980)
lens	n.	a transparent optical device used to converge or diverge transmitted light and to form images
lens	n.	genus of small erect or climbing herbs with pinnate leaves and small inconspicuous white flowers and small flattened pods: lentils
lens	n.	(metaphor) a channel through which something can be seen or understood
lens	n.	biconvex transparent body situated behind the iris in the eye; its role (along with the cornea) is to focuses light on the retina
lens	n.	electronic equipment that uses a magnetic or electric field in order to focus a beam of electrons
lent	n.	a period of 40 weekdays from Ash Wednesday to Holy Saturday
lent	v.	bestow a quality on
lent	v.	give temporarily; let have for a limited time
lent	v.	have certain characteristics of qualities for something; be open or vulnerable to
lenten	adj.	of or relating to or suitable for Lent
lentil	n.	round flat seed of the lentil plant used for food
lentil	n.	the fruit or seed of a lentil plant
lentil	n.	widely cultivated Eurasian annual herb grown for its edible flattened seeds that are cooked like peas and also ground into meal and for its leafy stalks that are used as fodder
lento	adj.	(of tempo) slow
lento	adv.	in music
leo	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Leo
leo	n.	a zodiacal constellation in northern hemisphere between Cancer and Virgo
leo	n.	the fifth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about July 23 to August 22
leon	n.	a historical area and former kingdom in northwestern Spain
leon	n.	a city in northwestern Spain at the foot of the Cantabrian Mountains
leon	n.	a city in central Mexico
leonard	n.	United States writer of thrillers (born in 1925)
leonardo	n.	Italian painter and sculptor and engineer and scientist and architect; the most versatile genius of the Italian Renaissance (1452-1519)
leonidas	n.	king of Sparta and hero of the battle of Thermopylae where he was killed by the Persians (died in 480 BC)
leonine	adj.	of or characteristic of or resembling a lion
leopard	n.	the pelt of a leopard
leopard	n.	large feline of African and Asian forests usually having a tawny coat with black spots
leopardess	n.	female leopard
leotard	n.	a tight-fitting garment of stretchy material that covers the body from the shoulders to the thighs (and may have long sleeves or legs reaching down to the ankles); worn by ballet dancers and acrobats for practice or performance
leper	n.	a person afflicted with leprosy
leper	n.	a pariah who is avoided by others
leprechaun	n.	a mischievous elf in Irish folklore
leprosy	n.	chronic granulomatous communicable disease occurring in tropical and subtropical regions; characterized by inflamed nodules beneath the skin and wasting of body parts; caused by the bacillus Mycobacterium leprae
leprous	adj.	relating to or resembling or having leprosy
lepta	n.	100 lepta equal 1 drachma in Greece
lepta	n.	an elementary particle that participates in weak interactions; has a baryon number of 0
lepton	n.	100 lepta equal 1 drachma in Greece
lepton	n.	an elementary particle that participates in weak interactions; has a baryon number of 0
lepus	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Orion and Columba
lepus	n.	type genus of the Leporidae: hares
lerner	n.	United States lyricist who collaborated on musicals with Frederick Loewe (1918-1986)
les	n.	a chronic inflammatory collagen disease affecting connective tissue (skin or joints)
lesbian	n.	a female homosexual
lesbian	n.	a resident of Lesbos
lesbian	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by homosexual relations between woman
lesbianism	n.	female homosexuality
lesion	n.	any localized abnormal structural change in a bodily part
lesion	n.	an injury to living tissue (especially an injury involving a cut or break in the skin)
lesotho	n.	a landlocked constitutional monarchy in southern Africa; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1966
less	adj.	(comparative of `little' usually used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning not as great in amount or degree
less	adj.	(usually preceded by `no') lower in quality
less	adj.	(nonstandard in some uses but often idiomatic with measure phrases) fewer
less	adv.	used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
less	adv.	comparative of little
lessee	n.	a tenant who holds a lease
lessen	v.	decrease in size, extent, or range
lessen	v.	make smaller
lessen	v.	wear off or die down
lesseps	n.	French diplomat who supervised the construction of the Suez Canal (1805-1894)
lesson	n.	a unit of instruction
lesson	n.	punishment intended as a warning to others
lesson	n.	the significance of a story or event
lesson	n.	a task assigned for individual study
lessor	n.	someone who grants a lease
let	n.	a brutal terrorist group active in Kashmir; fights against India with the goal of restoring Islamic rule of India
let	n.	a serve that strikes the net before falling into the receiver's court; the ball must be served again
let	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
let	v.	actively cause something to happen
let	v.	consent to, give permission
let	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
let	v.	leave unchanged
let	v.	grant use or occupation of under a term of contract
letdown	n.	a feeling of dissatisfaction that results when your expectations are not realized
lethal	adj.	of an instrument of certain death
lethargic	adj.	deficient in alertness or activity
lethargically	adv.	without energy; in a lethargic manner
lethargy	n.	a state of comatose torpor (as found in sleeping sickness)
lethargy	n.	weakness characterized by a lack of vitality or energy
lethargy	n.	inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy
lethe	n.	(Greek mythology) a river in Hades; the souls of the dead had to drink from it, which made them forget all they had done and suffered when they were alive
letter	n.	a written message addressed to a person or organization
letter	n.	the conventional characters of the alphabet used to represent speech
letter	n.	owner who lets another person use something (housing usually) for hire
letter	n.	a strictly literal interpretation (as distinct from the intention)
letter	n.	an award earned by participation in a school sport
letter	v.	win an athletic letter
letter	v.	set down or print with letters
letter	v.	mark letters on or mark with letters
lettered	v.	win an athletic letter
lettered	v.	set down or print with letters
lettered	v.	mark letters on or mark with letters
lettered	adj.	highly educated; having extensive information or understanding
letterer	n.	a painter of letters
letterhead	n.	a sheet of stationery with name and address of the organization printed at the top
lettering	n.	letters inscribed (especially words engraved or carved) on something
lettering	v.	win an athletic letter
lettering	v.	set down or print with letters
lettering	v.	mark letters on or mark with letters
letterman	n.	an athlete who has earned a letter in a school sport
letterpress	n.	printing from a plate with raised characters
letting	n.	property that is leased or rented out or let
letting	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
letting	v.	actively cause something to happen
letting	v.	consent to, give permission
letting	v.	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition
letting	v.	leave unchanged
letting	v.	grant use or occupation of under a term of contract
lettuce	n.	informal terms for money
lettuce	n.	any of various plants of the genus Lactuca
lettuce	n.	leaves of any of various plants of Lactuca sativa
letup	n.	a pause during which things are calm or activities are diminished
leucine	n.	a white crystalline amino acid occurring in proteins that is essential for nutrition; obtained by the hydrolysis of most dietary proteins
leucotomy	n.	surgical interruption of nerve tracts to and from the frontal lobe of the brain; often results in marked cognitive and personality changes
leukemia	n.	malignant neoplasm of blood-forming tissues; characterized by abnormal proliferation of leukocytes; one of the four major types of cancer
leukocyte	n.	blood cells that engulf and digest bacteria and fungi; an important part of the body's defense system
levant	n.	a heavy morocco often used in bookbinding
levant	n.	the former name for the geographical area of the eastern Mediterranean that is now occupied by Lebanon, Syria, and Israel
levant	v.	run off without paying a debt
levee	n.	a formal reception of visitors or guests (as at a royal court)
levee	n.	a pier that provides a landing place on a river
levee	n.	an embankment that is built in order to prevent a river from overflowing
level	n.	a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality
level	n.	a relative position or degree of value in a graded group
level	n.	a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process
level	n.	height above ground
level	n.	indicator that establishes the horizontal when a bubble is centered in a tube of liquid
level	n.	a flat surface at right angles to a plumb line
level	n.	an abstract place usually conceived as having depth
level	n.	a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale
level	v.	aim at
level	v.	tear down so as to make flat with the ground
level	v.	make level or straight
level	v.	direct into a position for use
level	v.	talk frankly with; lay it on the line
level	v.	become level or even
level	adj.	having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another
level	adj.	not showing abrupt variations; ; - Louis Auchincloss
level	adj.	being on a precise horizontal plane
level	adj.	oriented at right angles to the plumb
level	adj.	of the score in a contest
leveler	n.	a radical who advocates the abolition of social distinctions
levelheaded	adj.	exercising or showing good judgment
lever	n.	a rigid bar pivoted about a fulcrum
lever	n.	a simple machine that gives a mechanical advantage when given a fulcrum
lever	n.	a flat metal tumbler in a lever lock
lever	v.	to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open; :
leverage	n.	the mechanical advantage gained by being in a position to use a lever
leverage	n.	strategic advantage; power to act effectively
leverage	n.	investing with borrowed money as a way to amplify potential gains (at the risk of greater losses)
leverage	v.	supplement with leverage
leverage	v.	provide with leverage
levi	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; traditionally considered to be the author of the first Gospel
leviathan	n.	the largest or most massive thing of its kind
leviathan	n.	monstrous sea creature symbolizing evil in the Old Testament
levitate	v.	cause to rise in the air and float, as if in defiance of gravity
levitate	v.	be suspended in the air, as if in defiance of gravity
levitation	n.	the phenomenon of a person or thing rising into the air by apparently supernatural means
levitation	n.	movement upward in virtue of lightness
levitation	n.	the act of raising (a body) from the ground by presumably spiritualistic means
leviticus	n.	the third book of the Old Testament; contains Levitical law and ritual precedents
levity	n.	feeling an inappropriate lack of seriousness
levity	n.	a manner lacking seriousness
levy	n.	a charge imposed and collected
levy	n.	the act of drafting into military service
levy	v.	impose and collect
levy	v.	cause to assemble or enlist in the military
lewd	adj.	suggestive of or tending to moral looseness
lewd	adj.	driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires
lewdness	n.	the trait of behaving in an obscene manner
lewis	n.	United States rock star singer and pianist (born in 1935)
lewis	n.	United States athlete who won gold medals at the Olympics for his skill in sprinting and jumping (born in 1961)
lewis	n.	United States explorer and soldier who lead led an expedition from St. Louis to the mouth of the Columbia River (1774-1809)
lewis	n.	United States labor leader who was president of the United Mine Workers of America from 1920 to 1960 and president of the Congress of Industrial Organizations from 1935 to 1940 (1880-1969)
lewis	n.	United States novelist who satirized middle-class America in his novel Main Street (1885-1951)
lewis	n.	English critic and novelist; author of theological works and of books for children (1898-1963)
lewiston	n.	a town in southwestern Maine to the north of Portland
lewiston	n.	a town in northwestern Idaho
lexical	adj.	of or relating to words
lexical	adj.	of or relating to dictionaries
lexicographer	n.	a compiler or writer of a dictionary; a student of the lexical component of language
lexicographic	adj.	of or relating to lexicography
lexicographical	adj.	of or relating to lexicography
lexicography	n.	the act of writing dictionaries
lexicon	n.	a language user's knowledge of words
lexicon	n.	a reference book containing an alphabetical list of words with information about them
lexington	n.	town in eastern Massachusetts near Boston where the first battle of the American Revolution was fought
lexington	n.	a city in eastern Kentucky; noted for raising thoroughbred horses
lexington	n.	the first battle of the American Revolution (April 19, 1775)
lexis	n.	all of the words in a language; all word forms having meaning or grammatical function
lhasa	n.	the sacred city of Lamaism; known as the Forbidden City for its former inaccessibility and hostility to strangers
lhasa	n.	a breed of terrier having a long heavy coat raised in Tibet as watchdogs
lhotse	n.	a mountain in the central Himalayas on the border of Tibet and Nepal (27,890 feet high)
li	n.	a soft silver-white univalent element of the alkali metal group; the lightest metal known; occurs in several minerals
li	n.	Chinese distance measure; approximately 0.5 kilometers
li	adj.	being one more than fifty
liabilities	n.	anything that is owed to someone else
liabilities	n.	the state of being legally obliged and responsible
liabilities	n.	an obligation to pay money to another party
liabilities	n.	the quality of being something that holds you back
liability	n.	the state of being legally obliged and responsible
liability	n.	an obligation to pay money to another party
liability	n.	the quality of being something that holds you back
liable	adj.	at risk of or subject to experiencing something usually unpleasant
liable	adj.	subject to legal action
liable	adj.	(often followed by `to') likely to be affected with
liable	adj.	held legally responsible
liaise	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
liaison	n.	a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship
liaison	n.	a channel for communication between groups
liar	n.	a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly
libation	n.	(facetious) a serving of an alcoholic beverage
libation	n.	a serving (of wine) poured out in honor of a deity
libation	n.	the act of pouring a liquid offering (especially wine) as a religious ceremony
libber	n.	a supporter of feminism
libby	n.	United States chemist who developed a method of radiocarbon dating (1908-1980)
libel	n.	a false and malicious publication printed for the purpose of defaming a living person
libel	n.	the written statement of a plaintiff explaining the cause of action (the defamation) and any relief he seeks
libel	v.	print slanderous statements against
libeler	n.	one who attacks the reputation of another by slander or libel
libelous	adj.	(used of statements) harmful and often untrue; tending to discredit or malign
liberal	n.	a person who favors a political philosophy of progress and reform and the protection of civil liberties
liberal	n.	a person who favors an economic theory of laissez-faire and self-regulating markets
liberal	adj.	showing or characterized by broad-mindedness
liberal	adj.	having political or social views favoring reform and progress
liberal	adj.	tolerant of change; not bound by authoritarianism, orthodoxy, or tradition
liberal	adj.	given or giving freely
liberal	adj.	not literal
liberalism	n.	a political orientation that favors social progress by reform and by changing laws rather than by revolution
liberalism	n.	an economic theory advocating free competition and a self-regulating market
liberality	n.	an inclination to favor progress and individual freedom
liberality	n.	the trait of being generous in behavior and temperament
liberalization	n.	the act of making less strict
liberalize	v.	make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules
liberalize	v.	become more liberal
liberalness	n.	an inclination to favor progress and individual freedom
liberalness	n.	the trait of being generous in behavior and temperament
liberate	v.	give equal rights to; of women and minorities
liberate	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
liberate	v.	grant freedom to
liberate	v.	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition
liberation	n.	the act of liberating someone or something
liberation	n.	the attempt to achieve equal rights or status
liberation	n.	the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart)
liberator	n.	someone who releases people from captivity or bondage
liberia	n.	a republic in West Africa; established in 1822 by Americans as a way to free negro slaves
liberian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Liberia
liberian	adj.	of or relating to Liberia or its people
libertarian	n.	an advocate of libertarianism
libertarian	n.	someone who believes the doctrine of free will
libertine	n.	a dissolute person; usually a man who is morally unrestrained
libertine	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
liberty	n.	immunity from arbitrary exercise of authority: political independence
liberty	n.	freedom of choice
liberty	n.	personal freedom from servitude or confinement or oppression
liberty	n.	leave granted to a sailor or naval officer
liberty	n.	an act of undue intimacy
libidinal	adj.	belonging to the libido
libidinous	adj.	driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires
libido	n.	(psychoanalysis) a Freudian term for sexual urge or desire
libra	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Libra
libra	n.	a small faint zodiacal constellation in the southern hemisphere; between Virgo and Scorpius
libra	n.	the seventh sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about September 23 to October 22
librarian	n.	a professional person trained in library science and engaged in library services
librarianship	n.	the position of librarian
library	n.	a room where books are kept
library	n.	a collection of literary documents or records kept for reference or borrowing
library	n.	a depository built to contain books and other materials for reading and study
library	n.	(computing) a collection of standard programs and subroutines that are stored and available for immediate use
library	n.	a building that houses a collection of books and other materials
librettist	n.	author of words to be set to music in an opera or operetta
libretto	n.	the words of an opera or musical play
libreville	n.	the capital of Gabon
librium	n.	a tranquilizer (trade names Librium and Libritabs) used in the treatment of alcoholism
libya	n.	a military dictatorship in northern Africa on the Mediterranean; consists almost entirely of desert; a major exporter of petroleum
libyan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Libya
libyan	adj.	of or relating to Libya or its people
lice	n.	wingless usually flattened bloodsucking insect parasitic on warm-blooded animals
lice	n.	a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect
lice	n.	any of several small insects especially aphids that feed by sucking the juices from plants
lice	n.	wingless insect with mouth parts adapted for biting; mostly parasitic on birds
license	n.	a legal document giving official permission to do something
license	n.	freedom to deviate deliberately from normally applicable rules or practices (especially in behavior or speech)
license	n.	excessive freedom; lack of due restraint; - Will Durant; - Edmund Burke
license	n.	the act of giving a formal (usually written) authorization
license	v.	authorize officially
licensed	v.	authorize officially
licensed	adj.	given official approval to act
licensee	n.	someone to whom a license is granted
licentiate	n.	holds a license (degree) from a (European) university
licentious	adj.	lacking moral discipline; especially sexually unrestrained
licentiousness	n.	the quality of being lewd and lascivious
licentiousness	n.	dissolute indulgence in sensual pleasure
lichen	n.	any of several eruptive skin diseases characterized by hard thick lesions grouped together and resembling lichens growing on rocks
lichen	n.	any thallophytic plant of the division Lichenes; occur as crusty patches or bushy growths on tree trunks or rocks or bare ground etc.
lichtenstein	n.	United States painter who was a leading exponent of pop art (1923-1997)
licit	adj.	sanctioned by custom or morality especially sexual morality
licit	adj.	authorized, sanctioned by, or in accordance with law
lick	n.	a salt deposit that animals regularly lick
lick	n.	touching with the tongue
lick	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
lick	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
lick	v.	pass the tongue over
lick	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
lick	v.	take up with the tongue
licking	n.	an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
licking	n.	the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows
licking	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
licking	v.	pass the tongue over
licking	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
licking	v.	take up with the tongue
licorice	n.	deep-rooted coarse-textured plant native to the Mediterranean region having blue flowers and pinnately compound leaves; widely cultivated in Europe for its long thick sweet roots
licorice	n.	a black candy flavored with the dried root of the licorice plant
lid	n.	either of two folds of skin that can be moved to cover or open the eye
lid	n.	a movable top or cover (hinged or separate) for closing the opening at the top of a box, chest, jar, pan, etc.
lid	n.	headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim
lidded	adj.	having or covered with a lid or lids; often used in combination
lidded	adj.	having a lid
lidless	adj.	not having or covered with a lid or lids
lidless	adj.	having no lid
lidless	adj.	always watchful; - Alfred Tennyson
lido	n.	a recreational facility including a swimming pool for water sports
lie	n.	a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth
lie	n.	Norwegian diplomat who was the first Secretary General of the United Nations (1896-1968)
lie	n.	position or manner in which something is situated
lie	v.	be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position
lie	v.	be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position
lie	v.	originate (in)
lie	v.	be and remain in a particular state or condition
lie	v.	tell an untruth; pretend with intent to deceive
lie	v.	have a place in relation to something else
lie	v.	assume a reclining position
liebfraumilch	n.	a sweetened Rhenish wine (especially one from Hesse in western Germany)
liechtenstein	n.	a small landlocked principality (constitutional monarchy) in central Europe located in the Alps between Austria and Switzerland
liechtensteiner	n.	a native or inhabitant of Liechtenstein
liechtensteiner	adj.	of or relating to Liechtenstein or its inhabitants
lied	n.	a German art song of the 19th century for voice and piano
lied	v.	be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position
lied	v.	be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position
lied	v.	originate (in)
lied	v.	be and remain in a particular state or condition
lied	v.	tell an untruth; pretend with intent to deceive
lied	v.	have a place in relation to something else
lied	v.	assume a reclining position
lief	adv.	in a willing manner
liege	n.	a person holding a fief; a person who owes allegiance and service to a feudal lord
liege	n.	a feudal lord entitled to allegiance and service
liege	n.	city in eastern Belgium; largest French-speaking city in Belgium
liege	adj.	owing or owed feudal allegiance and service
lien	n.	the right to take another's property if an obligation is not discharged
lien	n.	a large dark-red oval organ on the left side of the body between the stomach and the diaphragm; produces cells involved in immune responses
lieu	n.	the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another
lieutenancy	n.	the position of a lieutenant
lieutenant	n.	a commissioned military officer
lieutenant	n.	an officer in a police force
lieutenant	n.	an assistant with power to act when his superior is absent
lieutenant	n.	an officer holding a commissioned rank in the United States Navy or the United States Coast Guard; below lieutenant commander and above lieutenant junior grade
life	n.	a characteristic state or mode of living
life	n.	the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities
life	n.	the course of existence of an individual; the actions and events that occur in living
life	n.	the condition of living or the state of being alive
life	n.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death)
life	n.	the period between birth and the present time
life	n.	the period from the present until death
life	n.	a living person
life	n.	animation and energy in action or expression
life	n.	living things collectively
life	n.	the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from nonliving ones
life	n.	an account of the series of events making up a person's life
life	n.	a motive for living
life	n.	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives
lifeblood	n.	the blood considered as the seat of vitality
lifeblood	n.	an essential or life-giving force
lifeboat	n.	a strong sea boat designed to rescue people from a sinking ship
lifeguard	n.	an attendant employed at a beach or pool to protect swimmers from accidents
lifeless	adj.	deprived of life; no longer living
lifeless	adj.	destitute or having been emptied of life or living beings
lifeless	adj.	lacking animation or excitement or activity
lifeless	adj.	not having the capacity to support life
lifelessness	n.	a state of no motion or movement
lifelessness	n.	not having life
lifelike	adj.	evoking lifelike images within the mind
lifelike	adj.	free from artificiality
lifeline	n.	a crease on the palm; its length is said by palmists to indicate how long you will live
lifeline	n.	support that enables people to survive or to continue doing something (often by providing an essential connection)
lifeline	n.	line that raises or lowers a deep-sea diver
lifeline	n.	line thrown from a vessel that people can cling to in order to save themselves from drowning
lifelong	adj.	continuing through life
lifer	n.	a prisoner serving a term of life imprisonment
lifesaver	n.	an attendant employed at a beach or pool to protect swimmers from accidents
lifesaver	n.	a life preserver in the form of a ring of buoyant material
lifesaving	n.	saving the lives of drowning persons
lifespan	n.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death)
lifestyle	n.	a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes
lifetime	n.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death)
lifework	n.	the principal work of your career
lifo	n.	inventory accounting in which the most recently acquired items are assumed to be the first sold
lift	n.	the act of giving temporary assistance
lift	n.	the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity
lift	n.	the event of something being raised upward
lift	n.	a wave that lifts the surface of the water or ground
lift	n.	a powered conveyance that carries skiers up a hill
lift	n.	a device worn in a shoe or boot to make the wearer look taller or to correct a shortened leg
lift	n.	one of the layers forming the heel of a shoe or boot
lift	n.	lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to move people from one floor to another in a building
lift	n.	plastic surgery to remove wrinkles and other signs of aging from your face; an incision is made near the hair line and skin is pulled back and excess tissue is excised
lift	n.	transportation of people or goods by air (especially when other means of access are unavailable)
lift	n.	a ride in a car
lift	n.	the act of raising something
lift	v.	raise from a lower to a higher position
lift	v.	take hold of something and move it to a different location
lift	v.	move upwards
lift	v.	move upward
lift	v.	make audible
lift	v.	cancel officially
lift	v.	make off with belongings of others
lift	v.	raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
lift	v.	invigorate or heighten
lift	v.	raise in rank or condition
lift	v.	take off or away by decreasing
lift	v.	rise up
lift	v.	pay off (a mortgage)
lift	v.	take without referencing from someone else's writing or speech; of intellectual property
lift	v.	take illegally
lift	v.	fly people or goods to or from places not accessible by other means
lift	v.	take (root crops) out of the ground
lift	v.	call to stop the hunt or to retire, as of hunting dogs
lift	v.	rise upward, as from pressure or moisture
lift	v.	put an end to
lift	v.	remove (hair) by scalping
lift	v.	remove from a seedbed or from a nursery
lift	v.	remove from a surface
lift	v.	perform cosmetic surgery on someone's face
lifter	n.	an athlete who lifts barbells
lifter	n.	a thief who steals goods that are in a store
liftoff	n.	the initial ascent of a rocket from its launching pad
ligament	n.	a sheet or band of tough fibrous tissue connecting bones or cartilages or supporting muscles or organs
ligament	n.	any connection or unifying bond
ligate	v.	join letters in a ligature when writing
ligate	v.	bind chemically
ligate	v.	bind with a bandage or ligature
ligation	n.	(surgery) tying a duct or blood vessel with a ligature (as to prevent bleeding during surgery)
ligature	n.	(music) a group of notes connected by a slur
ligature	n.	character consisting of two or more letters combined into one
ligature	n.	a metal band used to attach a reed to the mouthpiece of a clarinet or saxophone
ligature	n.	thread used by surgeons to bind a vessel (as to constrict the flow of blood)
ligature	n.	something used to tie or bind
ligature	n.	the act of tying or binding things together
light	n.	(physics) electromagnetic radiation that can produce a visual sensation
light	n.	any device serving as a source of illumination
light	n.	a particular perspective or aspect of a situation
light	n.	the quality of being luminous; emitting or reflecting light
light	n.	an illuminated area
light	n.	a condition of spiritual awareness; divine illumination
light	n.	the visual effect of illumination on objects or scenes as created in pictures
light	n.	a person regarded very fondly
light	n.	having abundant light or illumination
light	n.	mental understanding as an enlightening experience
light	n.	merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance
light	n.	public awareness
light	n.	a divine presence believed by Quakers to enlighten and guide the soul
light	n.	a visual warning signal
light	n.	a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires
light	v.	make lighter or brighter
light	v.	begin to smoke
light	v.	to come to rest, settle
light	v.	cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat
light	v.	fall to somebody by assignment or lot
light	v.	alight from (a horse)
light	adj.	of comparatively little physical weight or density
light	adj.	(used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent
light	adj.	of the military or industry; using (or being) relatively small or light arms or equipment
light	adj.	not great in degree or quantity or number
light	adj.	psychologically light; especially free from sadness or troubles
light	adj.	characterized by or emitting light
light	adj.	(used of vowels or syllables) pronounced with little or no stress
light	adj.	easily assimilated in the alimentary canal; not rich or heavily seasoned
light	adj.	(used of soil) loose and large-grained in consistency
light	adj.	(of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims
light	adj.	moving easily and quickly; nimble
light	adj.	demanding little effort; not burdensome
light	adj.	of little intensity or power or force
light	adj.	(physics, chemistry) not having atomic weight greater than average
light	adj.	weak and likely to lose consciousness
light	adj.	very thin and insubstantial
light	adj.	marked by temperance in indulgence
light	adj.	less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so
light	adj.	having little importance
light	adj.	intended primarily as entertainment; not serious or profound
light	adj.	silly or trivial
light	adj.	designed for ease of movement or to carry little weight
light	adj.	having relatively few calories
light	adj.	(of sleep) easily disturbed
light	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
light	adv.	with few burdens
lighted	v.	make lighter or brighter
lighted	v.	begin to smoke
lighted	v.	to come to rest, settle
lighted	v.	cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat
lighted	v.	fall to somebody by assignment or lot
lighted	v.	alight from (a horse)
lighted	adj.	set afire or burning
lighted	adj.	provided with artificial light
lighten	v.	make more cheerful
lighten	v.	reduce the weight on; make lighter
lighten	v.	become more cheerful
lighten	v.	make lighter or brighter
lighten	v.	become lighter
lighten	v.	alleviate or remove (pressure or stress) or make less oppressive
lighter	n.	a substance used to ignite or kindle a fire
lighter	n.	a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires
lighter	n.	a flatbottom boat for carrying heavy loads (especially on canals)
lighter	v.	transport in a flatbottom boat
lighter	adj.	of comparatively little physical weight or density
lighter	adj.	(used of color) having a relatively small amount of coloring agent
lighter	adj.	of the military or industry; using (or being) relatively small or light arms or equipment
lighter	adj.	not great in degree or quantity or number
lighter	adj.	psychologically light; especially free from sadness or troubles
lighter	adj.	characterized by or emitting light
lighter	adj.	(used of vowels or syllables) pronounced with little or no stress
lighter	adj.	easily assimilated in the alimentary canal; not rich or heavily seasoned
lighter	adj.	(used of soil) loose and large-grained in consistency
lighter	adj.	(of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims
lighter	adj.	moving easily and quickly; nimble
lighter	adj.	demanding little effort; not burdensome
lighter	adj.	of little intensity or power or force
lighter	adj.	(physics, chemistry) not having atomic weight greater than average
lighter	adj.	weak and likely to lose consciousness
lighter	adj.	very thin and insubstantial
lighter	adj.	marked by temperance in indulgence
lighter	adj.	less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so
lighter	adj.	having little importance
lighter	adj.	intended primarily as entertainment; not serious or profound
lighter	adj.	silly or trivial
lighter	adj.	designed for ease of movement or to carry little weight
lighter	adj.	having relatively few calories
lighter	adj.	(of sleep) easily disturbed
lighter	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
lightheaded	adj.	weak and likely to lose consciousness
lightheaded	adj.	lacking seriousness; given to frivolity
lighthearted	adj.	carefree and happy and lighthearted
lightheartedness	n.	the cheerful feeling you have when nothing is troubling you
lighthouse	n.	a tower with a light that gives warning of shoals to passing ships
lightly	adv.	without good reason
lightly	adv.	with few burdens
lightly	adv.	with little weight or force
lightly	adv.	indulging with temperance
lightly	adv.	with indifference or without dejection
lightly	adv.	in a small quantity or extent
lightly	adv.	to a slight degree
lightness	n.	a feeling of joy and pride
lightness	n.	the property of being comparatively small in weight
lightness	n.	the gracefulness of a person or animal that is quick and nimble
lightness	n.	having a light color
lightness	n.	the visual effect of illumination on objects or scenes as created in pictures
lightness	n.	the trait of being lighthearted and frivolous
lightning	n.	abrupt electric discharge from cloud to cloud or from cloud to earth accompanied by the emission of light
lightning	n.	the flash of light that accompanies an electric discharge in the atmosphere (or something resembling such a flash); can scintillate for a second or more
lightproof	adj.	not penetrable by light
lightship	n.	a ship equipped like a lighthouse and anchored where a permanent lighthouse would be impracticable
lightweight	n.	a professional boxer who weighs between 131 and 135 pounds
lightweight	n.	someone who is unimportant but cheeky and presumptuous
lightweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 132 pounds
lightweight	n.	a wrestler who weighs 139-154 pounds
lightweight	adj.	weighing relatively little compared with another item or object of similar use
lightweight	adj.	having no importance or influence
ligneous	adj.	consisting of or containing lignin or xylem
lignin	n.	a complex polymer; the chief constituent of wood other than carbohydrates; binds to cellulose fibers to harden and strengthen cell walls of plants
lignite	n.	intermediate between peat and bituminous coal
lii	adj.	being two more than fifty
likable	adj.	(of characters in literature or drama) evoking empathic or sympathetic feelings
likable	adj.	easy to like; agreeable
like	n.	a similar kind; ,
like	n.	a kind of person
like	v.	prefer or wish to do something
like	v.	find enjoyable or agreeable
like	v.	be fond of
like	v.	feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard
like	v.	want to have
like	adj.	resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination
like	adj.	equal in amount or value
like	adj.	having the same or similar characteristics
like	adj.	conforming in every respect
likelihood	n.	the probability of a specified outcome
likelihoods	n.	the probability of a specified outcome
likeliness	n.	the probability of a specified outcome
likely	adj.	has a good chance of being the case or of coming about
likely	adj.	likely but not certain to be or become true or real
likely	adj.	expected to become or be; in prospect
likely	adj.	within the realm of credibility
likely	adv.	with considerable certainty; without much doubt
liken	v.	consider or describe as similar, equal, or analogous
likeness	n.	similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things
likeness	n.	picture consisting of a graphic image of a person or thing
likenesses	n.	similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things
likenesses	n.	picture consisting of a graphic image of a person or thing
liker	adj.	resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination
liker	adj.	equal in amount or value
liker	adj.	having the same or similar characteristics
liker	adj.	conforming in every respect
likewise	adv.	in like or similar manner; ; - Samuel Johnson
likewise	adv.	in addition
likewise	adv.	equally
liking	n.	a feeling of pleasure and enjoyment
liking	v.	prefer or wish to do something
liking	v.	find enjoyable or agreeable
liking	v.	be fond of
liking	v.	feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard
liking	v.	want to have
lilac	n.	any of various plants of the genus Syringa having large panicles of usually fragrant flowers
lilac	adj.	of a pale purple color
lilith	n.	in ancient Semitic folklore: a female demon who attacks children
liliuokalani	n.	queen of the Hawaiian islands (1838-1917)
lille	n.	an industrial city in northern France near the Belgian border; was the medieval capital of Flanders
lillie	n.	British actress (born in Canada) (1898-1989)
lilliput	n.	a land imagined by Jonathan Swift that was inhabited by tiny people
lilliputian	n.	a very small person (resembling a Lilliputian)
lilliputian	n.	a 6-inch tall inhabitant of Lilliput in a novel by Jonathan Swift
lilliputian	adj.	tiny; relating to or characteristic of the imaginary country of Lilliput
lilliputian	adj.	very small
lilliputian	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
lilo	n.	a type of inflatable air mattress
lilongwe	n.	the capital of Malawi; located in south central Malawi
lilt	n.	a jaunty rhythm in music
lilt	v.	articulate in a very careful and rhythmic way
lily	n.	any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers
lima	n.	capital and largest city and economic center of Peru; located in western Peru; was capital of the Spanish empire in the New World until the 19th century
limb	n.	one of the jointed appendages of an animal used for locomotion or grasping: arm; leg; wing; flipper
limb	n.	any of the main branches arising from the trunk or a bough of a tree
limb	n.	(astronomy) the circumferential edge of the apparent disc of the sun or the moon or a planet
limb	n.	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip
limb	n.	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles
limb	n.	any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm
limber	n.	a two-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle used to pull a field gun or caisson
limber	v.	attach the limber
limber	v.	cause to become limber
limber	adj.	(used of e.g. personality traits) readily adaptable
limber	adj.	(used of artifacts) easily bent
limber	adj.	(used of persons' bodies) capable of moving or bending freely
limbless	adj.	having no limbs
limbo	n.	the state of being disregarded or forgotten
limbo	n.	an imaginary place for lost or neglected things
limbo	n.	(theology) in Roman Catholicism, the place of unbaptized but innocent or righteous souls (such as infants and virtuous individuals)
limburger	n.	a soft white cheese with a very strong pungent odor and flavor
lime	n.	a caustic substance produced by heating limestone
lime	n.	a white crystalline oxide used in the production of calcium hydroxide
lime	n.	a sticky adhesive that is smeared on small branches to capture small birds
lime	n.	any of various related trees bearing limes
lime	n.	any of various deciduous trees of the genus Tilia with heart-shaped leaves and drooping cymose clusters of yellowish often fragrant flowers; several yield valuable timber
lime	n.	the green acidic fruit of any of various lime trees
lime	v.	spread birdlime on branches to catch birds
lime	v.	cover with lime so as to induce growth
limeade	n.	sweetened beverage of lime juice and water
limelight	n.	a focus of public attention
limelight	n.	a lamp consisting of a flame directed at a cylinder of lime with a lens to concentrate the light; formerly used for stage lighting
limerick	n.	port city in southwestern Ireland
limerick	n.	a humorous verse form of 5 anapestic lines with a rhyme scheme aabba
limestone	n.	a sedimentary rock consisting mainly of calcium that was deposited by the remains of marine animals
limey	n.	a man of English descent
limit	n.	the greatest possible degree of something
limit	n.	final or latest limiting point
limit	n.	as far as something can go
limit	n.	the boundary of a specific area
limit	n.	the mathematical value toward which a function goes as the independent variable approaches infinity
limit	n.	the greatest amount of something that is possible or allowed
limit	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
limit	v.	restrict or confine,
limit	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
limitation	n.	a principle that limits the extent of something
limitation	n.	the quality of being limited or restricted
limitation	n.	the greatest amount of something that is possible or allowed
limitation	n.	(law) a time period after which suits cannot be brought
limitation	n.	an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation)
limitations	n.	a principle that limits the extent of something
limitations	n.	the quality of being limited or restricted
limitations	n.	the greatest amount of something that is possible or allowed
limitations	n.	(law) a time period after which suits cannot be brought
limitations	n.	an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation)
limited	n.	public transport consisting of a fast train or bus that makes only a few scheduled stops
limited	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
limited	v.	restrict or confine,
limited	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
limited	adj.	small in range or scope
limited	adj.	subject to limits or subjected to limits
limited	adj.	including only a part
limited	adj.	mediocre
limited	adj.	not excessive
limited	adj.	having a specific function or scope
limited	adj.	not unlimited
limiting	n.	the grammatical relation that exists when a word qualifies the meaning of the phrase
limiting	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
limiting	v.	restrict or confine,
limiting	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
limiting	adj.	restricting the scope or freedom of action
limiting	adj.	strictly limiting the reference of a modified word or phrase
limitless	adj.	without limits in extent or size or quantity
limitless	adj.	having no limits in range or scope; - Philip Rahv
limitless	adj.	seemingly boundless in amount, number, degree, or especially extent
limitlessness	n.	the quality of being infinite; without bound or limit
limn	v.	trace the shape of
limn	v.	make a portrait of
limo	n.	large luxurious car; usually driven by a chauffeur
limousin	n.	a region of central France to the west of the Auvergne mountains
limousine	n.	large luxurious car; usually driven by a chauffeur
limp	n.	the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg
limp	v.	walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury
limp	v.	proceed slowly or with difficulty
limp	adj.	not firm
limp	adj.	lacking in strength or firmness or resilience; ;  G.K.Chesterton
limpet	n.	mollusk with a low conical shell
limpet	n.	any of various usually marine gastropods with low conical shells; found clinging to rocks in littoral areas
limpid	adj.	clear and bright
limpid	adj.	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
limpid	adj.	(of language) transparently clear; easily understandable; ; ; - Robert Burton
limpidity	n.	free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear expression
limpidity	n.	passing light without diffusion or distortion
limpness	n.	a flabby softness
limpopo	n.	an African river; flows into the Indian Ocean
lin	n.	United States sculptor and architect whose public works include the memorial to veterans of the Vietnam War in Washington (born in 1959)
linage	n.	the number of lines in a piece of printed material
linage	n.	a rate of payment for written material that is measured according to the number of lines submitted
linchpin	n.	a central cohesive source of support and stability
linchpin	n.	pin inserted through an axletree to hold a wheel on
lincoln	n.	16th President of the United States; saved the Union during the American Civil War and emancipated the slaves; was assassinated by Booth (1809-1865)
lincoln	n.	capital of the state of Nebraska; located in southeastern Nebraska; site of the University of Nebraska
lincoln	n.	long-wooled mutton sheep originally from Lincolnshire
lind	n.	Swedish soprano who toured the United States under the management of P. T. Barnum (1820-1887)
lindbergh	n.	United States aviator who in 1927 made the first solo nonstop flight across the Atlantic Ocean (1902-1974)
linden	n.	soft light-colored wood of any of various linden trees; used in making crates and boxes and in carving and millwork
linden	n.	any of various deciduous trees of the genus Tilia with heart-shaped leaves and drooping cymose clusters of yellowish often fragrant flowers; several yield valuable timber
lindsay	n.	United States playwright who collaborated with Russel Crouse on several musicals (1889-1931)
lindsay	n.	United States poet who traveled the country trading his poems for room and board (1879-1931)
lindy	n.	an energetic American dance that was popular in the 1930s (probably named for the aviator Charles Lindbergh)
line	n.	a formation of people or things one beside another
line	n.	a mark that is long relative to its width
line	n.	a formation of people or things one behind another
line	n.	a length (straight or curved) without breadth or thickness; the trace of a moving point
line	n.	text consisting of a row of words written across a page or computer screen
line	n.	a single frequency (or very narrow band) of radiation in a spectrum
line	n.	a fortified position (especially one marking the most forward position of troops)
line	n.	a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth or falsehood; the methodical process of logical reasoning
line	n.	a conductor for transmitting electrical or optical signals or electric power
line	n.	a connected series of events or actions or developments
line	n.	a spatial location defined by a real or imaginary unidimensional extent
line	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
line	n.	a pipe used to transport liquids or gases
line	n.	the road consisting of railroad track and roadbed
line	n.	a telephone connection
line	n.	acting in conformity
line	n.	the descendants of one individual
line	n.	something (as a cord or rope) that is long and thin and flexible
line	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
line	n.	in games or sports; a mark indicating positions or bounds of the playing area
line	n.	(often plural) a means of communication or access
line	n.	a particular kind of product or merchandise
line	n.	a commercial organization serving as a common carrier
line	n.	space for one line of print (one column wide and 1/14 inch deep) used to measure advertising
line	n.	the maximum credit that a customer is allowed
line	n.	a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
line	n.	persuasive but insincere talk that is usually intended to deceive or impress
line	n.	a short personal letter
line	n.	a conceptual separation or distinction
line	n.	mechanical system in a factory whereby an article is conveyed through sites at which successive operations are performed on it
line	v.	be in line with; form a line along
line	v.	cover the interior of
line	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
line	v.	mark with lines
line	v.	fill plentifully
line	v.	reinforce with fabric
lineage	n.	the descendants of one individual
lineage	n.	the kinship relation between an individual and the individual's progenitors
lineage	n.	the number of lines in a piece of printed material
lineage	n.	a rate of payment for written material that is measured according to the number of lines submitted
lineage	n.	inherited properties shared with others of your bloodline
lineal	adj.	in a straight unbroken line of descent from parent to child
lineal	adj.	arranged in a line
lineament	n.	a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something
lineament	n.	the characteristic parts of a person's face: eyes and nose and mouth and chin
linear	adj.	designating or involving an equation whose terms are of the first degree
linear	adj.	of or in or along or relating to a line; involving a single dimension
linear	adj.	of a circuit or device having an output that is proportional to the input
linear	adj.	(of a leaf shape) long and narrow
linear	adj.	measured lengthwise
linearity	n.	the property of having one dimension
linebacker	n.	a defensive football player who takes a position close behind the linemen
linebacker	n.	(American football) the position of a defensive football player who plays close behind the line of scrimmage
lined	v.	be in line with; form a line along
lined	v.	cover the interior of
lined	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
lined	v.	mark with lines
lined	v.	fill plentifully
lined	v.	reinforce with fabric
lined	adj.	bordered by a line of things
lined	adj.	(used especially of skin) marked by lines or seams
lined	adj.	having a lining or a liner; often used in combination
lineman	n.	one of the players on the line of scrimmage
lineman	n.	the surveyor who marks positions with a range pole
lineman	n.	a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines
lineman	n.	(American football) the position of a player on a football team who is stationed on the line of scrimmage
linemen	n.	the football players who line up on the line of scrimmage
linemen	n.	one of the players on the line of scrimmage
linemen	n.	the surveyor who marks positions with a range pole
linemen	n.	a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines
linemen	n.	(American football) the position of a player on a football team who is stationed on the line of scrimmage
linen	n.	a fabric woven with fibers from the flax plant
linen	n.	a high-quality paper made of linen fibers or with a linen finish
linen	n.	white goods or clothing made with linen cloth
linens	n.	a fabric woven with fibers from the flax plant
linens	n.	a high-quality paper made of linen fibers or with a linen finish
linens	n.	white goods or clothing made with linen cloth
liner	n.	(baseball) a hit that flies straight out from the batter
liner	n.	a protective covering that protects an inside surface
liner	n.	a piece of cloth that is used as the inside surface of a garment
liner	n.	a large commercial ship (especially one that carries passengers on a regular schedule)
linesman	n.	official (in tennis, soccer, football, etc.) who assists the referee in some way (especially by watching for out of bounds or offside)
linesman	n.	a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines
linesmen	n.	official (in tennis, soccer, football, etc.) who assists the referee in some way (especially by watching for out of bounds or offside)
linesmen	n.	a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines
lineup	n.	(baseball) a list of batters in the order in which they will bat
lineup	n.	a line of persons arranged by police for inspection or identification
ling	n.	water chestnut whose spiny fruit has two rather than 4 prongs
ling	n.	common Old World heath represented by many varieties; low evergreen grown widely in the northern hemisphere
ling	n.	elongated marine food fish of Greenland and northern Europe; often salted and dried
ling	n.	American hakes
ling	n.	elongate freshwater cod of northern Europe and Asia and North America having barbels around its mouth
linger	v.	remain present although waning or gradually dying
linger	v.	be about
linger	v.	leave slowly and hesitantly
linger	v.	take one's time; proceed slowly
linger	v.	move to and fro
lingerer	n.	someone who lingers aimlessly in or about a place
lingerie	n.	women's underwear and nightclothes
lingering	n.	the act of tarrying
lingering	v.	remain present although waning or gradually dying
lingering	v.	be about
lingering	v.	leave slowly and hesitantly
lingering	v.	take one's time; proceed slowly
lingering	v.	move to and fro
lingo	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
lingoes	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
lingual	n.	a consonant that is produced with the tongue and other speech organs
lingual	adj.	consisting of or related to language
lingual	adj.	pertaining to or resembling or lying near the tongue
linguine	n.	pasta in long slender flat strips
linguist	n.	a specialist in linguistics
linguist	n.	a person who speaks more than one language
linguistic	adj.	consisting of or related to language
linguistic	adj.	of or relating to the scientific study of language
linguistically	adv.	with respect to the science of linguistics
linguistically	adv.	with respect to language
linguistics	n.	the scientific study of language
linguistics	n.	the humanistic study of language and literature
liniment	n.	a medicinal liquid that is rubbed into the skin to relieve muscular stiffness and pain
lining	n.	a protective covering that protects an inside surface
lining	n.	a piece of cloth that is used as the inside surface of a garment
lining	n.	providing something with a surface of a different material
lining	n.	the act of attaching an inside lining (to a garment or curtain etc.)
lining	v.	be in line with; form a line along
lining	v.	cover the interior of
lining	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
lining	v.	mark with lines
lining	v.	fill plentifully
lining	v.	reinforce with fabric
link	n.	the means of connection between things linked in series
link	n.	a fastener that serves to join or connect
link	n.	the state of being connected
link	n.	a connecting shape
link	n.	a unit of length equal to 1/100 of a chain
link	n.	(computing) an instruction that connects one part of a program or an element on a list to another program or list
link	n.	a channel for communication between groups
link	n.	a two-way radio communication system (usually microwave); part of a more extensive telecommunication network
link	n.	an interconnecting circuit between two or more locations for the purpose of transmitting and receiving data
link	v.	make a logical or causal connection
link	v.	connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces
link	v.	be or become joined or united or linked
link	v.	link with or as with a yoke
linkage	n.	an associative relation
linkage	n.	(genetics) traits that tend to be inherited together as a consequence of an association between their genes; all of the genes of a given chromosome are linked (where one goes they all go)
linkage	n.	a mechanical system of rods or springs or pivots that transmits power or motion
linkage	n.	the act of linking things together
linkman	n.	(formerly) an attendant hired to carry a torch for pedestrians in dark streets
linkmen	n.	(formerly) an attendant hired to carry a torch for pedestrians in dark streets
linkup	n.	a fastener that serves to join or connect
linnaeus	n.	Swedish botanist who proposed the modern system of biological nomenclature (1707-1778)
linnet	n.	small finch originally of the western United States and Mexico
linnet	n.	small Old World finch whose male has a red breast and forehead
lino	n.	a floor covering
linoleum	n.	a floor covering
linotype	n.	a typesetting machine operated from a keyboard that casts an entire line as a single slug of metal
linseed	n.	the seed of flax used as a source of oil
lint	n.	fine ravellings of cotton or linen fibers
lint	n.	cotton or linen fabric with the nap raised on one side; used to dress wounds
lintel	n.	horizontal beam used as a finishing piece over a door or window
lints	n.	fine ravellings of cotton or linen fibers
lints	n.	cotton or linen fabric with the nap raised on one side; used to dress wounds
linux	n.	an open-source version of the UNIX operating system
lion	n.	large gregarious predatory feline of Africa and India having a tawny coat with a shaggy mane in the male
lion	n.	a celebrity who is lionized (much sought after)
lion	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Leo
lion	n.	the fifth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about July 23 to August 22
lioness	n.	a female lion
lionhearted	adj.	extraordinarily courageous
lionize	v.	assign great social importance to
lip	n.	either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role in speaking
lip	n.	(botany) either of the two parts of a bilabiate corolla or calyx
lip	n.	an impudent or insolent rejoinder
lip	n.	the top edge of a vessel or other container
lip	n.	either the outer margin or the inner margin of the aperture of a gastropod's shell
lipid	n.	an oily organic compound insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents; essential structural component of living cells (along with proteins and carbohydrates)
liposuction	n.	lipectomy (especially for cosmetic purposes) in which excess fatty tissue is removed from under the skin by suction
lipped	adj.	having a lip or lips; ; - John Keats
lippi	n.	Italian painter and son of Fra Filippo Lippi (1457-1504)
lippi	n.	Italian painter whose works show a three-dimensional style (1406-1469)
lippmann	n.	United States journalist (1889-1974)
lippmann	n.	French physicist who developed the first color photographic process (1845-1921)
lipread	v.	interpret by lipreading; of deaf people
lipreading	n.	perceiving what a person is saying by observing the movements of the lips
lipreading	v.	interpret by lipreading; of deaf people
lipscomb	n.	United States chemist noted for his theories of molecular structure (born in 1919)
lipstick	n.	makeup that is used to color the lips
lipstick	v.	form by tracing with lipstick
lipstick	v.	apply lipstick to
liquefaction	n.	the conversion of a solid or a gas into a liquid
liquefy	v.	become liquid
liquefy	v.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating
liquefy	v.	become liquid or fluid when heated
liqueur	n.	strong highly flavored sweet liquor usually drunk after a meal
liquid	n.	a substance that is liquid at room temperature and pressure
liquid	n.	the state in which a substance exhibits a characteristic readiness to flow with little or no tendency to disperse and relatively high incompressibility
liquid	n.	fluid matter having no fixed shape but a fixed volume
liquid	n.	a frictionless continuant that is not a nasal consonant (especially `l' and `r')
liquid	adj.	existing as or having characteristics of a liquid; especially tending to flow
liquid	adj.	filled or brimming with tears
liquid	adj.	clear and bright
liquid	adj.	changed from a solid to a liquid state
liquid	adj.	smooth and flowing in quality; entirely free of harshness
liquid	adj.	smooth and unconstrained in movement
liquid	adj.	in cash or easily convertible to cash
liquidate	v.	get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing
liquidate	v.	eliminate by paying off (debts)
liquidate	v.	convert into cash
liquidate	v.	settle the affairs of by determining the debts and applying the assets to pay them off
liquidation	n.	termination of a business operation by using its assets to discharge its liabilities
liquidation	n.	the act of exterminating
liquidation	n.	the murder of a competitor
liquidator	n.	a criminal who commits homicide (who performs the unlawful premeditated killing of another human being)
liquidator	n.	(law) a person (usually appointed by a court of law) who liquidates assets or preserves them for the benefit of affected parties
liquidity	n.	the state in which a substance exhibits a characteristic readiness to flow with little or no tendency to disperse and relatively high incompressibility
liquidity	n.	the property of flowing easily
liquidity	n.	being in cash or easily convertible to cash; debt paying ability
liquidize	v.	get rid of all one's merchandise
liquidize	v.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating
liquidizer	n.	an electrically powered mixer with whirling blades that mix or chop or liquefy foods
liquor	n.	an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented
liquor	n.	a liquid substance that is a solution (or emulsion or suspension) used or obtained in an industrial process
liquor	n.	the liquid in which vegetables or meat have be cooked
lira	n.	the basic unit of money on Malta; equal to 100 cents
lira	n.	the basic unit of money in Turkey
lira	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Italy; equal to 100 centesimi
lire	n.	the basic unit of money on Malta; equal to 100 cents
lire	n.	the basic unit of money in Turkey
lire	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Italy; equal to 100 centesimi
lisbon	n.	capital and largest city and economic and cultural center of Portugal; a major port in western Portugal on Tagus River where it broadens and empties into the Atlantic
lisle	n.	a fabric woven with lisle thread
lisle	n.	a strong tightly twisted cotton thread (usually made of long-staple cotton)
lisp	n.	a speech defect that involves pronouncing `s' like voiceless `th' and `z' like voiced `th'
lisp	n.	a flexible procedure-oriented programing language that manipulates symbols in the form of lists
lisp	v.	speak with a lisp
lisper	n.	a speaker who lisps
lissome	adj.	moving and bending with ease
list	n.	a database containing an ordered array of items (names or topics)
list	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
list	v.	give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of
list	v.	include in a list
list	v.	cause to lean to the side
list	v.	tilt to one side
list	v.	enumerate
listed	v.	give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of
listed	v.	include in a list
listed	v.	cause to lean to the side
listed	v.	tilt to one side
listed	v.	enumerate
listed	adj.	on a list
listen	v.	hear with intention
listen	v.	listen and pay attention
listen	v.	pay close attention to; give heed to
listener	n.	someone who listens attentively
lister	n.	English surgeon who was the first to use antiseptics (1827-1912)
lister	n.	assessor who makes out the tax lists
lister	n.	moldboard plow with a double moldboard designed to move dirt to either side of a central furrow
listeria	n.	any species of the genus Listeria
listing	n.	a database containing an ordered array of items (names or topics)
listing	n.	the act of making a list of items
listing	v.	give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of
listing	v.	include in a list
listing	v.	cause to lean to the side
listing	v.	tilt to one side
listing	v.	enumerate
listless	adj.	lacking zest or vivacity
listless	adj.	marked by low spirits; showing no enthusiasm
listlessness	n.	a feeling of lack of interest or energy
listlessness	n.	inactivity resulting from lethargy and lack of vigor or energy
liston	n.	United States prizefighter who lost his world heavyweight championship to Cassius Clay in 1964 (1932-1970)
liszt	n.	Hungarian composer and piano virtuoso (1811-1886)
lit	n.	the humanistic study of a body of literature
lit	v.	make lighter or brighter
lit	v.	begin to smoke
lit	v.	to come to rest, settle
lit	v.	cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat
lit	v.	fall to somebody by assignment or lot
lit	v.	alight from (a horse)
lit	adj.	provided with artificial light
lit	adj.	set afire or burning
litany	n.	any long and tedious address or recital
litany	n.	a prayer consisting of a series of invocations by the priest with responses from the congregation
litchi	n.	Chinese tree cultivated especially in Philippines and India for its edible fruit; sometimes placed in genus Nephelium
litchi	n.	Chinese fruit having a thin brittle shell enclosing a sweet jellylike pulp and a single seed; often dried
lite	adj.	having relatively few calories
liter	n.	a metric unit of capacity, formerly defined as the volume of one kilogram of pure water under standard conditions; now equal to 1,000 cubic centimeters (or approximately 1.75 pints)
literacy	n.	the ability to read and write
literal	n.	a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind
literal	adj.	being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton
literal	adj.	without interpretation or embellishment
literal	adj.	limited to the explicit meaning of a word or text
literal	adj.	avoiding embellishment or exaggeration (used for emphasis)
literalness	n.	adhereing to the concrete construal of something
literary	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of literature
literary	adj.	knowledgeable about literature
literary	adj.	appropriate to literature rather than everyday speech or writing
literate	n.	a person who can read and write
literate	adj.	able to read and write
literate	adj.	versed in literature; dealing with literature
literate	adj.	knowledgeable and educated in one or several fields
literati	n.	the literary intelligentsia
literature	n.	creative writing of recognized artistic value
literature	n.	the humanistic study of a body of literature
literature	n.	published writings in a particular style on a particular subject
literature	n.	the profession or art of a writer
lithe	adj.	moving and bending with ease
litheness	n.	the gracefulness of a person or animal that is flexible and supple
lithesome	adj.	moving and bending with ease
lithium	n.	a soft silver-white univalent element of the alkali metal group; the lightest metal known; occurs in several minerals
lithograph	n.	a print produced by lithography
lithograph	n.	duplicator that prints by lithography; a flat surface (of stone or metal) is treated to absorb or repel ink in the desired pattern
lithograph	v.	make by lithography
lithographer	n.	a printmaker who uses lithography
lithographic	adj.	of or produced by or involved in lithography
lithographs	n.	a print produced by lithography
lithographs	n.	duplicator that prints by lithography; a flat surface (of stone or metal) is treated to absorb or repel ink in the desired pattern
lithographs	v.	make by lithography
lithography	n.	a method of planographic printing from a metal or stone surface
lithography	n.	the act of making a lithographic print
lithosphere	n.	the solid part of the earth consisting of the crust and outer mantle
lithuania	n.	a republic in northeastern Europe on the Baltic Sea
lithuanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Lithuania
lithuanian	n.	the official language of Lithuania; belongs to the Baltic branch of Indo-European
lithuanian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Lithuania or its people or language
litigant	n.	(law) a party to a lawsuit; someone involved in litigation
litigate	v.	engage in legal proceedings
litigate	v.	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
litigation	n.	a legal proceeding in a court; a judicial contest to determine and enforce legal rights
litigator	n.	(law) a party to a lawsuit; someone involved in litigation
litigious	adj.	of or relating to litigation
litigious	adj.	inclined or showing an inclination to dispute or disagree, even to engage in law suits
litigiousness	n.	a quarrelsome disposition to engage in or carry on lawsuits
litmus	n.	a coloring material (obtained from lichens) that turns red in acid solutions and blue in alkaline solutions; used as a very rough acid-base indicator
litotes	n.	understatement for rhetorical effect (especially when expressing an affirmative by negating its contrary)
litter	n.	the offspring at one birth of a multiparous mammal
litter	n.	rubbish carelessly dropped or left about (especially in public places)
litter	n.	conveyance consisting of a chair or bed carried on two poles by bearers
litter	n.	material used to provide a bed for animals
litter	v.	strew
litter	v.	make a place messy by strewing garbage around
litter	v.	give birth to a litter of animals
litterateur	n.	a writer of literary works
litterbug	n.	a person who litters public places with refuse
litterer	n.	a person who litters public places with refuse
little	n.	a small amount or duration
little	adj.	limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent
little	adj.	(quantifier used with mass nouns) small in quantity or degree; not much or almost none or (with `a') at least some
little	adj.	(of children and animals) young, immature
little	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
little	adj.	(of a voice) faint
little	adj.	low in stature; not tall
little	adj.	lowercase
little	adj.	small in a way that arouses feelings (of tenderness or its opposite depending on the context)
little	adv.	not much
littleness	n.	the property of having a relatively small size
littleness	n.	the property of having relatively little strength or vigor
littleness	n.	lack of generosity in trifling matters
littoral	n.	the region of the shore of a lake or sea or ocean
littoral	adj.	of or relating to a coastal or shore region
liturgical	adj.	of or relating to or in accord with liturgy
liturgist	n.	an authority on liturgies
liturgy	n.	a Christian sacrament commemorating the Last Supper by consecrating bread and wine
liturgy	n.	a rite or body of rites prescribed for public worship
livable	adj.	fit or suitable to live in or with
live	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
live	v.	lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style
live	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
live	v.	support oneself
live	v.	have life, be alive
live	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
live	v.	pursue a positive and satisfying existence
live	adj.	actually being performed at the time of hearing or viewing
live	adj.	exerting force or containing energy
live	adj.	possessing life
live	adj.	highly reverberant
live	adj.	charged with an explosive
live	adj.	elastic; rebounds readily
live	adj.	abounding with life and energy
live	adj.	in current use or ready for use
live	adj.	of current relevance
live	adj.	charged or energized with electricity
live	adj.	capable of erupting
live	adv.	not recorded
livelihood	n.	the financial means whereby one lives
liveliness	n.	general activity and motion
liveliness	n.	animation and energy in action or expression
livelong	n.	perennial northern temperate plant with toothed leaves and heads of small purplish-white flowers
livelong	adj.	(of time) constituting the full extent or duration
lively	adj.	full of life and energy
lively	adj.	full of zest or vigor
lively	adj.	quick and energetic
lively	adj.	elastic; rebounds readily
lively	adj.	filled with events or activity
lively	adj.	full of spirit
liven	v.	make lively
liver	n.	large and complicated reddish-brown glandular organ located in the upper right portion of the abdominal cavity; secretes bile and functions in metabolism of protein and carbohydrate and fat; synthesizes substances involved in the clotting of the blood; synthesizes vitamin A; detoxifies poisonous substances and breaks down worn-out erythrocytes
liver	n.	liver of an animal used as meat
liver	n.	a person who has a special life style
liver	n.	someone who lives in a place
liver	adj.	having a reddish-brown color
liveried	adj.	wearing livery
liverish	adj.	suffering from or suggesting a liver disorder or gastric distress
liverish	adj.	irritable as if suffering from indigestion
livermore	n.	United States suffragist (1820-1905)
liverpool	n.	a large city in northwestern England; its port is the country's major outlet for industrial exports
liverpudlian	n.	a native or resident of Liverpool
liverpudlian	adj.	of or relating to Liverpool or its people
liverwort	n.	any of numerous small green nonvascular plants of the class Hepaticopsida growing in wet places and resembling green seaweeds or leafy mosses
liverwurst	n.	sausage containing ground liver
livery	n.	uniform worn by some menservants and chauffeurs
livery	n.	the voluntary transfer of something (title or possession) from one party to another
livery	n.	the care (feeding and stabling) of horses for pay
livery	adj.	suffering from or suggesting a liver disorder or gastric distress
liveryman	n.	a worker in a livery stable
liverymen	n.	a worker in a livery stable
livestock	n.	any animals kept for use or profit
livid	adj.	anemic looking from illness or emotion; ; ; ; ; - Mary W. Shelley
livid	adj.	(of a light) imparting a deathlike luminosity; ; - E.A.Poe
livid	adj.	furiously angry
livid	adj.	discolored by coagulation of blood beneath the skin
living	n.	the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities
living	n.	people who are still living
living	n.	the condition of living or the state of being alive
living	n.	the financial means whereby one lives
living	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
living	v.	lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style
living	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
living	v.	support oneself
living	v.	have life, be alive
living	v.	have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations
living	v.	pursue a positive and satisfying existence
living	adj.	pertaining to living persons
living	adj.	true to life; lifelike
living	adj.	(informal) absolute
living	adj.	still in existence
living	adj.	still in active use
living	adj.	(used of minerals or stone) in its natural state and place; not mined or quarried
livingston	n.	American Revolutionary leader who served in the Continental Congress and as minister to France (1746-1813)
livingstone	n.	Scottish missionary and explorer who discovered the Zambezi River and Victoria Falls (1813-1873)
livonia	n.	a region on the Baltic that is divided between northern Estonia and southern Latvia
livy	n.	Roman historian whose history of Rome filled 142 volumes (of which only 35 survive) including the earliest history of the war with Hannibal (59 BC to AD 17)
liza	n.	similar to the striped mullet and takes its place in the Caribbean region
lizard	n.	relatively long-bodied reptile with usually two pairs of legs and a tapering tail
lizard	n.	a man who idles about in the lounges of hotels and bars in search of women who would support him
ljubljana	n.	the capital of Slovenia
llama	n.	wild or domesticated South American cud-chewing animal related to camels but smaller and lacking a hump
llano	n.	an extensive grassy and nearly treeless plain (especially in Latin America)
llb	n.	a three-year law degree
lld	n.	an honorary law degree
lloyd	n.	United States comic actor in silent films; he used physical danger as a source of comedy (1893-1971)
load	n.	weight to be borne or conveyed
load	n.	a quantity that can be processed or transported at one time
load	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
load	n.	an amount of alcohol sufficient to intoxicate
load	n.	the power output of a generator or power plant
load	n.	an onerous or difficult concern
load	n.	a deposit of valuable ore occurring within definite boundaries separating it from surrounding rocks
load	n.	the front part of a guided missile or rocket or torpedo that carries the nuclear or explosive charge or the chemical or biological agents
load	n.	electrical device to which electrical power is delivered
load	v.	fill or place a load on
load	v.	provide (a device) with something necessary
load	v.	transfer from a storage device to a computer's memory
load	v.	put (something) on a structure or conveyance
load	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
loader	n.	a laborer who loads and unloads vessels in a port
loader	n.	an attendant who loads guns for someone shooting game
loaf	n.	a shaped mass of baked bread that is usually sliced before eating
loaf	n.	a quantity of food (other than bread) formed in a particular shape
loaf	v.	be lazy or idle
loaf	v.	be about
loafer	n.	person who does no work
loafer	n.	a low leather step-in shoe; the top resembles a moccasin but it has a broad flat heel
loam	n.	a rich soil consisting of a mixture of sand and clay and decaying organic materials
loamy	adj.	consisting of or having the character of loam
loan	n.	the temporary provision of money (usually at interest)
loan	n.	a word borrowed from another language; e.g. `blitz' is a German word borrowed into modern English
loan	v.	give temporarily; let have for a limited time
loaner	n.	someone who lends money or gives credit in business matters
loaner	n.	a car that is lent as a replacement for one that is under repair
loanword	n.	a word borrowed from another language; e.g. `blitz' is a German word borrowed into modern English
loath	adj.	unwillingness to do something contrary to your custom
loath	adj.	(usually followed by `to') strongly opposed
loathe	v.	find repugnant
loather	n.	one who hates or loathes
loathing	n.	hate coupled with disgust
loathing	v.	find repugnant
loathsome	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
loathsome	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
loathsomeness	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
loaves	n.	a shaped mass of baked bread that is usually sliced before eating
loaves	n.	a quantity of food (other than bread) formed in a particular shape
lob	n.	an easy return of a tennis ball in a high arc
lob	n.	the act of propelling something (as a ball or shell etc.) in a high arc
lob	v.	propel in a high arc
lobachevsky	n.	Russian mathematician who independently discovered non-Euclidean geometry (1792-1856)
lobar	adj.	of or relating to or affecting a lobe
lobbed	v.	propel in a high arc
lobbing	v.	propel in a high arc
lobby	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
lobby	n.	the people who support some common cause or business or principle or sectional interest
lobby	n.	a group of people who try actively to influence legislation
lobby	v.	detain in conversation by or as if by holding on to the outer garments of; as for political or economic favors
lobbyist	n.	someone who is employed to persuade legislators to vote for legislation that favors the lobbyist's employer
lobe	n.	(anatomy) a somewhat rounded subdivision of a bodily organ or part
lobe	n.	(botany) a part into which a leaf is divided
lobe	n.	the enhanced response of an antenna in a given direction as indicated by a loop in its radiation pattern
lobe	n.	a rounded projection that is part of a larger structure
lobotomy	n.	surgical interruption of nerve tracts to and from the frontal lobe of the brain; often results in marked cognitive and personality changes
lobster	n.	flesh of a lobster
lobster	n.	any of several edible marine crustaceans of the families Homaridae and Nephropsidae and Palinuridae
local	n.	public transport consisting of a bus or train that stops at all stations or stops
local	n.	anesthetic that numbs a particular area of the body
local	adj.	relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration of a city or town or district rather than a larger area
local	adj.	of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular locality or neighborhood
local	adj.	affecting only a restricted part or area of the body
locale	n.	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
locality	n.	a surrounding or nearby region
localization	n.	a determination of the place where something is
localization	n.	(physiology) the principle that specific functions have relatively circumscribed locations in some particular part or organ of the body
localize	v.	identify the location or place of
localize	v.	concentrate on a particular place or spot
localize	v.	restrict something to a particular area
localize	v.	locate
locate	v.	discover the location of; determine the place of; find by searching or examining
locate	v.	determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey
locate	v.	assign a location to
locate	v.	take up residence and become established
location	n.	a point or extent in space
location	n.	the act of putting something in a certain place
location	n.	a determination of the place where something is
location	n.	a workplace away from a studio at which some or all of a movie may be made
locator	n.	a person who fixes the boundaries of land claims
loci	n.	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
loci	n.	the specific site of a particular gene on its chromosome
loci	n.	the set of all points or lines that satisfy or are determined by specific conditions
lock	n.	a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed
lock	n.	a strand or cluster of hair
lock	n.	a mechanism that detonates the charge of a gun
lock	n.	enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it
lock	n.	a restraint incorporated into the ignition switch to prevent the use of a vehicle by persons who do not have the key
lock	n.	any wrestling hold in which some part of the opponent's body is twisted or pressured
lock	v.	fasten with a lock
lock	v.	keep engaged
lock	v.	become rigid or immoveable
lock	v.	hold in a locking position
lock	v.	become engaged or intermeshed with one another
lock	v.	hold fast (in a certain state)
lock	v.	place in a place where something cannot be removed or someone cannot escape
lock	v.	pass by means through a lock in a waterway
lock	v.	build locks in order to facilitate the navigation of vessels
locke	n.	English empiricist philosopher who believed that all knowledge is derived from sensory experience (1632-1704)
locker	n.	a storage compartment for clothes and valuables; usually it has a lock
locker	n.	a fastener that locks or closes
locker	n.	a trunk for storing personal possessions; usually kept at the foot of a bed (as in a barracks)
locket	n.	a small ornamental case; usually contains a picture or a lock of hair and is worn on a necklace
lockjaw	n.	an acute and serious infection of the central nervous system caused by bacterial infection of open wounds; spasms of the jaw and laryngeal muscles may occur during the late stages
lockout	n.	a management action resisting employee's demands; employees are barred from entering the workplace until they agree to terms
locksmith	n.	someone who makes or repairs locks
locksmiths	n.	someone who makes or repairs locks
lockstep	n.	a standard procedure that is followed mindlessly
lockstep	n.	a manner of marching in file in which each person's leg moves with and behind the corresponding leg of the person ahead
lockup	n.	jail in a local police station
lockup	n.	the act of locking something up to protect it
loco	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
locomotion	n.	the power or ability to move
locomotion	n.	self-propelled movement
locomotive	n.	a wheeled vehicle consisting of a self-propelled engine that is used to draw trains along railway tracks
locomotive	adj.	of or relating to locomotion
locoweed	n.	any of several leguminous plants of western North America causing locoism in livestock
locoweed	n.	street names for marijuana
locum	n.	someone (physician or clergyman) who substitutes temporarily for another member of the same profession
locus	n.	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
locus	n.	the specific site of a particular gene on its chromosome
locus	n.	the set of all points or lines that satisfy or are determined by specific conditions
locust	n.	migratory grasshoppers of warm regions having short antennae
locust	n.	hardwood from any of various locust trees
locust	n.	any of various hardwood trees of the family Leguminosae
locution	n.	a word or phrase that particular people use in particular situations
lode	n.	a deposit of valuable ore occurring within definite boundaries separating it from surrounding rocks
lodestar	n.	guiding star; a star that is used as a reference point in navigation or astronomy
lodestar	n.	something that serves as a model or guide
lodestone	n.	a permanent magnet consisting of magnetite that possess polarity and has the power to attract as well as to be attracted magnetically
lodge	n.	English physicist who studied electromagnetic radiation and was a pioneer of radiotelegraphy (1851-1940)
lodge	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
lodge	n.	small house at the entrance to the grounds of a country mansion; usually occupied by a gatekeeper or gardener
lodge	n.	a small (rustic) house used as a temporary shelter
lodge	n.	any of various Native American dwellings
lodge	n.	a hotel providing overnight lodging for travelers
lodge	v.	be a lodger; stay temporarily
lodge	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
lodge	v.	file a formal charge against
lodge	v.	provide housing for
lodger	n.	a tenant in someone's house
lodging	n.	structures collectively in which people are housed
lodging	n.	the state or quality of being lodged or fixed even temporarily
lodging	n.	the act of lodging
lodging	v.	be a lodger; stay temporarily
lodging	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
lodging	v.	file a formal charge against
lodging	v.	provide housing for
lodgings	n.	temporary living quarters
lodgings	n.	structures collectively in which people are housed
lodgings	n.	the state or quality of being lodged or fixed even temporarily
lodgings	n.	the act of lodging
lodz	n.	a large city of central Poland
loewe	n.	United States composer (born in Austria) who collaborated with Lerner on several musicals (1901-1987)
loewi	n.	United States pharmacologist (born in Germany) who was the first to show that acetylcholine is produced at the junction between a parasympathetic nerve and a muscle (1873-1961)
loft	n.	floor consisting of a large unpartitioned space over a factory or warehouse or other commercial space
loft	n.	floor consisting of open space at the top of a house just below roof; often used for storage
loft	n.	(golf) the backward slant on the head of some golf clubs that is designed to drive the ball high in the air
loft	n.	a raised shelter in which pigeons are kept
loft	v.	store in a loft
loft	v.	propel through the air
loft	v.	kick or strike high in the air
loft	v.	lay out a full-scale working drawing of the lines of a vessel's hull
loftily	adv.	in a lofty manner
loftiness	n.	the quality of being high or lofty
loftiness	n.	impressiveness in scale or proportion
lofty	adj.	of high moral or intellectual value; elevated in nature or style; ; - Oliver Franks
lofty	adj.	of imposing height; especially standing out above others
lofty	adj.	having or displaying great dignity or nobility
log	n.	a segment of the trunk of a tree when stripped of branches
log	n.	the exponent required to produce a given number
log	n.	a written record of messages sent or received
log	n.	a written record of events on a voyage (of a ship or plane)
log	n.	measuring instrument that consists of a float that trails from a ship by a knotted line in order to measure the ship's speed through the water
log	v.	enter into a log, as on ships and planes
log	v.	cut lumber, as in woods and forests
logan	n.	a mountain peak in the St. Elias Range in the southwestern Yukon Territory in Canada (19,850 feet high)
loganberry	n.	red-fruited bramble native from Oregon to Baja California
loganberry	n.	large red variety of the dewberry
logarithm	n.	the exponent required to produce a given number
logarithmic	adj.	of or relating to or using logarithms
logbook	n.	a book in which the log is written
loge	n.	balcony consisting of the forward section of a theater mezzanine
loge	n.	private area in a theater or grandstand where a small group can watch the performance
logged	v.	enter into a log, as on ships and planes
logged	v.	cut lumber, as in woods and forests
logger	n.	a person who fells trees
loggerhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
loggerhead	n.	very large carnivorous sea turtle; wide-ranging in warm open seas
loggia	n.	a roofed arcade or gallery with open sides stretching along the front or side of a building; often at an upper level
logging	n.	the work of cutting down trees for timber
logging	v.	enter into a log, as on ships and planes
logging	v.	cut lumber, as in woods and forests
logic	n.	the branch of philosophy that analyzes inference
logic	n.	reasoned and reasonable judgment
logic	n.	the principles that guide reasoning within a given field or situation
logic	n.	the system of operations performed by a computer that underlies the machine's representation of logical operations
logic	n.	a system of reasoning
logical	adj.	capable of or reflecting the capability for correct and valid reasoning
logical	adj.	based on known statements or events or conditions
logical	adj.	marked by an orderly, logical, and aesthetically consistent relation of parts
logical	adj.	capable of thinking and expressing yourself in a clear and consistent manner
logicality	n.	correct and valid reasoning
logician	n.	a person skilled at symbolic logic
logistic	adj.	of or relating to logistics
logistical	adj.	of or relating to logistics
logistics	n.	handling an operation that involves providing labor and materials be supplied as needed
logjam	n.	any stoppage attributable to unusual activity
logjam	n.	an immovable mass of logs blocking a river
logo	n.	a company emblem or device
logotype	n.	a company emblem or device
logrolling	n.	act of exchanging favors for mutual gain; especially trading of influence or votes among legislators to gain passage of certain projects
logrolling	n.	rotating a log rapidly in the water (as a competitive sport)
logrolling	v.	work toward the passage of some legislation by exchanging political favors such as trading votes
logy	adj.	stunned or confused and slow to react (as from blows or drunkenness or exhaustion)
loin	n.	a cut of meat taken from the side and back of an animal between the ribs and the rump
loin	n.	either side of the backbone between the hipbone and the ribs in humans as well as quadrupeds
loincloth	n.	a garment that provides covering for the loins
loincloths	n.	a garment that provides covering for the loins
loire	n.	the longest French river; rises in the Massif Central and flows north and west to the Atlantic Ocean
loiter	v.	be about
loiterer	n.	someone who lingers aimlessly in or about a place
loitering	v.	be about
loki	n.	(Norse mythology) trickster; god of discord and mischief; contrived death of Balder and was overcome by Thor
lolita	n.	a sexually precocious young girl
loll	v.	hang loosely or laxly
loll	v.	be lazy or idle
lollipop	n.	ice cream or water ice on a small wooden stick
lollipop	n.	hard candy on a stick
lollop	v.	walk clumsily and with a bounce
lolly	n.	informal terms for money
lolly	n.	ice cream or water ice on a small wooden stick
lollygag	v.	be about
lombard	n.	a member of a Germanic people who invaded northern Italy in the 6th century
lombardy	n.	a region of north central Italy bordering Switzerland
lome	n.	capital and largest city of Togo; located in the south on the Gulf of Guinea
london	n.	the capital and largest city of England; located on the Thames in southeastern England; financial and industrial and cultural center
london	n.	United States writer of novels based on experiences in the Klondike gold rush (1876-1916)
londoner	n.	a native or resident of London
lone	adj.	lacking companions or companionship
lone	adj.	characterized by or preferring solitude
lone	adj.	being the only one; single and isolated from others
loneliness	n.	the state of being alone in solitary isolation
loneliness	n.	sadness resulting from being forsaken or abandoned
loneliness	n.	a disposition toward being alone
lonely	adj.	lacking companions or companionship
lonely	adj.	marked by dejection from being alone
lonely	adj.	characterized by or preferring solitude
lonely	adj.	devoid of creatures
loner	n.	a person who avoids the company or assistance of others
lonesome	adj.	being the only one; single and isolated from others
lonesome	adj.	marked by dejection from being alone
lonesomeness	n.	a disposition toward being alone
long	v.	desire strongly or persistently
long	adj.	primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great or greater than average duration or passage of time or a duration as specified
long	adj.	primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified
long	adj.	of relatively great height; - Sherwood Anderson
long	adj.	good at remembering
long	adj.	holding securities or commodities in expectation of a rise in prices
long	adj.	(of speech sounds or syllables) of relatively long duration
long	adj.	involving substantial risk
long	adj.	planning prudently for the future
long	adj.	having or being more than normal or necessary:
long	adv.	for an extended time or at a distant time
long	adv.	for an extended distance
longboat	n.	the largest boat carried by a merchant sailing vessel
longbow	n.	a powerful wooden bow drawn by hand; usually 5-6 feet long; used in medieval England
longer	n.	a person with a strong desire for something
longer	adj.	primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great or greater than average duration or passage of time or a duration as specified
longer	adj.	primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified
longer	adj.	of relatively great height; - Sherwood Anderson
longer	adj.	good at remembering
longer	adj.	holding securities or commodities in expectation of a rise in prices
longer	adj.	(of speech sounds or syllables) of relatively long duration
longer	adj.	involving substantial risk
longer	adj.	planning prudently for the future
longer	adj.	having or being more than normal or necessary:
longer	adv.	for more time
longevity	n.	duration of service
longevity	n.	the property of being long-lived
longfellow	n.	United States poet remembered for his long narrative poems (1807-1882)
longhand	n.	rapid handwriting in which letters are set down in full and are cursively connected within words without lifting the writing implement from the paper
longhand	adj.	having words written out in full by hand
longhorn	n.	long-horned beef cattle formerly common in southwestern United States
longing	n.	prolonged unfulfilled desire or need
longing	v.	desire strongly or persistently
longish	adj.	somewhat long
longitude	n.	the angular distance between a point on any meridian and the prime meridian at Greenwich
longitudinal	adj.	of or relating to lines of longitude
longitudinal	adj.	running lengthwise
longitudinal	adj.	over an extended time
longshoreman	n.	a laborer who loads and unloads vessels in a port
longshoremen	n.	a laborer who loads and unloads vessels in a port
longsighted	adj.	capable of seeing to a great distance
longsighted	adj.	planning prudently for the future
longstanding	adj.	having existed for a long time
longtime	adj.	of long duration
longueur	n.	a period of dullness or boredom (especially in a work of literature or performing art)
longways	n.	country dancing performed with couples in two long lines facing each other
longways	adv.	in the direction of the length
loo	n.	a toilet in Britain
loofah	n.	the dried fibrous part of the fruit of a plant of the genus Luffa; used as a washing sponge or strainer
loofah	n.	the loofah climber that has cylindrical fruit
loofahs	n.	the dried fibrous part of the fruit of a plant of the genus Luffa; used as a washing sponge or strainer
loofahs	n.	the loofah climber that has cylindrical fruit
look	n.	the feelings expressed on a person's face
look	n.	the act of directing the eyes toward something and perceiving it visually
look	n.	physical appearance
look	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
look	v.	perceive with attention; direct one's gaze towards
look	v.	give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
look	v.	have a certain outward or facial expression
look	v.	search or seek
look	v.	be oriented in a certain direction, often with respect to another reference point; be opposite to
look	v.	take charge of or deal with
look	v.	convey by one's expression
look	v.	look forward to the probable occurrence of
look	v.	accord in appearance with
look	v.	have faith or confidence in
looker	n.	a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibition of some kind)
looker	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
lookout	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
lookout	n.	an elevated post affording a wide view
lookout	n.	a structure commanding a wide view of its surroundings
lookout	n.	the act of looking out
lookup	n.	an operation that determines whether one or more of a set of items has a specified property
loom	n.	a textile machine for weaving yarn into a textile
loom	v.	come into view indistinctly, often threateningly
loom	v.	appear very large or occupy a commanding position
loom	v.	hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing
loom	v.	weave on a loom
loon	n.	a worthless lazy fellow
loon	n.	large somewhat primitive fish-eating diving bird of the northern hemisphere having webbed feet placed far back; related to the grebes
loon	n.	a person with confused ideas; incapable of serious thought
loonie	n.	the basic unit of money in Canada
loony	n.	someone deranged and possibly dangerous
loony	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
loop	n.	fastener consisting of a metal ring for lining a small hole to permit the attachment of cords or lines
loop	n.	anything with a round or oval shape (formed by a curve that is closed and does not intersect itself)
loop	n.	(computer science) a single execution of a set of instructions that are to be repeated
loop	n.	an inner circle of advisors (especially under President Reagan)
loop	n.	the basic pattern of the human fingerprint
loop	n.	a computer program that performs a series of instructions repeatedly until some specified condition is satisfied
loop	n.	the topology of a network whose components are serially connected in such a way that the last component is connected to the first component
loop	n.	an intrauterine device in the shape of a loop
loop	n.	a complete electrical circuit around which current flows or a signal circulates
loop	n.	a flight maneuver; aircraft flies a complete circle in the vertical plane
loop	v.	move in loops
loop	v.	make a loop in
loop	v.	fly loops, perform a loop
loop	v.	wind around something in coils or loops
loop	v.	fasten or join with a loop
loophole	n.	an ambiguity (especially one in the text of a law or contract) that makes it possible to evade a difficulty or obligation
loophole	n.	a small hole in a fortified wall; for observation or discharging weapons
loopy	adj.	consisting of or covered with or having loops
loopy	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
loos	n.	Austrian architect (1870-1933)
loos	n.	a toilet in Britain
loose	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
loose	v.	turn loose or free from restraint
loose	v.	make loose or looser
loose	v.	become loose or looser or less tight
loose	adj.	not compact or dense in structure or arrangement
loose	adj.	(of a ball in sport) not in the possession or control of any player
loose	adj.	not tight; not closely constrained or constricted or constricting
loose	adj.	not officially recognized or controlled
loose	adj.	not literal
loose	adj.	emptying easily or excessively
loose	adj.	not affixed
loose	adj.	not tense or taut
loose	adj.	(of textures) full of small openings or gaps
loose	adj.	lacking a sense of restraint or responsibility
loose	adj.	not carefully arranged in a package
loose	adj.	having escaped, especially from confinement
loose	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
loose	adv.	without restraint
loosely	adv.	in a relaxed manner; not rigid
loosely	adv.	in a loose manner
loosely	adv.	without regard to specific details or exceptions
loosely	adv.	knitted in a loose manner
loosen	v.	make loose or looser
loosen	v.	make less severe or strict
loosen	v.	become less severe or strict
loosen	v.	disentangle and raise the fibers of
loosen	v.	cause to become loose
loosen	v.	make less dense
loosen	v.	become loose or looser or less tight
looseness	n.	frequent and watery bowel movements; can be a symptom of infection or food poisoning or colitis or a gastrointestinal tumor
looseness	n.	freedom from restraint
looseness	n.	a lack of strict accuracy; laxity of practice
looseness	n.	the quality of movability by virtue of being free from attachment or other restraints
looseness	n.	movement or space for movement
looseness	n.	dissolute indulgence in sensual pleasure
loot	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
loot	n.	informal terms for money
loot	v.	take illegally; of intellectual property
loot	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
looter	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
looting	n.	plundering during riots or in wartime
looting	v.	take illegally; of intellectual property
looting	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
lop	v.	cut off from a whole
lop	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
lope	n.	a slow pace of running
lope	n.	a smooth three-beat gait; between a trot and a gallop
lope	v.	run easily
lopped	v.	cut off from a whole
lopped	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
lopping	v.	cut off from a whole
lopping	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
lopsided	adj.	having one side lower or smaller or lighter than the other
lopsided	adj.	turned or twisted toward one side; - G.K.Chesterton
lopsidedness	n.	an oblique or slanting asymmetry
loquacious	adj.	full of trivial conversation
loquaciousness	n.	the quality of being wordy and talkative
loquacity	n.	the quality of being wordy and talkative
lord	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
lord	n.	a person who has general authority over others
lord	n.	a titled peer of the realm
lord	v.	make a lord of someone
lordliness	n.	formality in bearing and appearance
lordliness	n.	overbearing pride evidenced by a superior manner toward inferiors
lordly	adj.	of or befitting a lord
lordly	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
lordship	n.	a title used to address any British peer except a duke and extended to a bishop or a judge
lordship	n.	the authority of a lord
lore	n.	knowledge gained through tradition or anecdote
lorelei	n.	a Siren of German legend who lured boatmen in the Rhine to destruction
loren	n.	Italian film actress (born in 1934)
lorentz	n.	Dutch physicist noted for work on electromagnetic theory (1853-1928)
lorenz	n.	Austrian zoologist who studied the behavior of birds and emphasized the importance of innate as opposed to learned behaviors (1903-1989)
lorgnette	n.	eyeglasses that are held to the eyes with a long handle
lorraine	n.	an eastern French region rich in iron-ore deposits
lorre	n.	United States actor (born in Hungary) noted for playing sinister roles (1904-1964)
lorry	n.	a large low horse-drawn wagon without sides
lorry	n.	a large truck designed to carry heavy loads; usually without sides
lose	v.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense
lose	v.	fail to win
lose	v.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal
lose	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
lose	v.	miss from one's possessions; lose sight of
lose	v.	allow to go out of sight
lose	v.	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit
lose	v.	fail to get or obtain
lose	v.	retreat
lose	v.	fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind
lose	v.	be set at a disadvantage
loser	n.	a contestant who loses the contest
loser	n.	a person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently
loser	n.	a gambler who loses a bet
losing	v.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense
losing	v.	fail to win
losing	v.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal
losing	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
losing	v.	miss from one's possessions; lose sight of
losing	v.	allow to go out of sight
losing	v.	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit
losing	v.	fail to get or obtain
losing	v.	retreat
losing	v.	fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind
losing	v.	be set at a disadvantage
loss	n.	something that is lost
loss	n.	gradual decline in amount or activity
loss	n.	the act of losing someone or something
loss	n.	the disadvantage that results from losing something
loss	n.	the experience of losing a loved one
loss	n.	the amount by which the cost of a business exceeds its revenue
loss	n.	military personnel lost by death or capture
loss	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
lossless	adj.	characterized by or causing no dissipation of energy
lost	n.	people who are destined to die soon
lost	v.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense
lost	v.	fail to win
lost	v.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal
lost	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
lost	v.	miss from one's possessions; lose sight of
lost	v.	allow to go out of sight
lost	v.	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit
lost	v.	fail to get or obtain
lost	v.	retreat
lost	v.	fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind
lost	v.	be set at a disadvantage
lost	adj.	no longer in your possession or control; unable to be found or recovered
lost	adj.	having lost your bearings; confused as to time or place or personal identity
lost	adj.	spiritually or physically doomed or destroyed
lost	adj.	not gained or won
lost	adj.	incapable of being recovered or regained
lost	adj.	not caught with the senses or the mind
lost	adj.	deeply absorbed in thought
lost	adj.	perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment
lost	adj.	unable to function; without help
lot	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
lot	n.	a parcel of land having fixed boundaries
lot	n.	an unofficial association of people or groups
lot	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
lot	n.	anything (straws or pebbles etc.) taken or chosen at random
lot	n.	any collection in its entirety
lot	n.	(Old Testament) nephew of Abraham; God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah but chose to spare Lot and his family who were told to flee without looking back at the destruction
lot	v.	divide into lots, as of land, for example
lot	v.	administer or bestow, as in small portions
lothario	n.	a successful womanizer; a man who behaves selfishly in his sexual relationships with women
lotion	n.	any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin
lotion	n.	liquid preparation having a soothing or antiseptic or medicinal action when applied to the skin
lottery	n.	something that is regarded as a chance event
lottery	n.	players buy (or are given) chances and prizes are distributed by casting lots
lotto	n.	a game in which numbered balls are drawn at random and players cover the corresponding numbers on their cards
lotus	n.	native to eastern Asia; widely cultivated for its large pink or white flowers
lotus	n.	annual or perennial herbs or subshrubs
lotus	n.	white Egyptian lotus: water lily of Egypt to southeastern Africa; held sacred by the Egyptians
louche	adj.	of questionable taste or morality
loud	adj.	characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity
loud	adj.	tastelessly showy
loud	adj.	used chiefly as a direction or description in music
loud	adv.	with relatively high volume
loudmouth	n.	a person who causes trouble by speaking indiscreetly
loudmouths	n.	a person who causes trouble by speaking indiscreetly
loudness	n.	the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction)
loudness	n.	tasteless showiness
loudspeaker	n.	electro-acoustic transducer that converts electrical signals into sounds loud enough to be heard at a distance
lough	n.	a long narrow (nearly landlocked) cove in Ireland
lough	n.	Irish word for a lake
loughs	n.	a long narrow (nearly landlocked) cove in Ireland
loughs	n.	Irish word for a lake
louis	n.	United States prizefighter who was world heavyweight champion for 12 years (1914-1981)
louisiana	n.	a state in southern United States on the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate states during the American Civil War
louisianan	n.	a native or resident of Louisiana
louisianian	n.	a native or resident of Louisiana
louisville	n.	the largest city in Kentucky; located in north central Kentucky on the Ohio river; site of the Kentucky Derby
lounge	n.	an upholstered seat for more than one person
lounge	n.	a room (as in a hotel or airport) with seating where people can wait
lounge	v.	sit or recline comfortably
lounge	v.	be about
lounger	n.	someone who wastes time
lounger	n.	an armchair whose back can be lowered and foot can be raised to allow the sitter to recline in it
lounger	n.	an article of clothing designed for comfort and leisure wear
lour	v.	set lower
lour	v.	make lower or quieter
lour	v.	look angry or sullen, wrinkle one's forehead, as if to signal disapproval
louse	n.	wingless usually flattened bloodsucking insect parasitic on warm-blooded animals
louse	n.	a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect
louse	n.	any of several small insects especially aphids that feed by sucking the juices from plants
louse	n.	wingless insect with mouth parts adapted for biting; mostly parasitic on birds
lousiness	n.	infestation with lice (Pediculus humanus) resulting in severe itching
lousiness	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
lousy	adj.	very bad
lousy	adj.	infested with lice
lousy	adj.	vile; despicable
lout	n.	an awkward stupid person
loutish	adj.	ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance
louver	n.	one of a set of parallel slats in a door or window to admit air and reject rain
louvre	n.	an art museum that is a famous tourist attraction in Paris
louvre	n.	one of a set of parallel slats in a door or window to admit air and reject rain
love	n.	a strong positive emotion of regard and affection
love	n.	any object of warm affection or devotion
love	n.	a beloved person; used as terms of endearment
love	n.	a deep feeling of sexual desire and attraction
love	n.	a score of zero in tennis or squash
love	n.	sexual activities (often including sexual intercourse) between two people
love	v.	have a great affection or liking for
love	v.	get pleasure from
love	v.	be enamored or in love with
love	v.	have sexual intercourse with
lovebird	n.	small Australian parakeet usually light green with black and yellow markings in the wild but bred in many colors
lovebird	n.	small African parrot noted for showing affection for their mates
loved	v.	have a great affection or liking for
loved	v.	get pleasure from
loved	v.	be enamored or in love with
loved	v.	have sexual intercourse with
loved	adj.	held dear
lovelace	n.	English poet (1618-1857)
loveless	adj.	without love
loveless	adj.	receiving no love
loveliness	n.	the quality of being good looking and attractive
lovelorn	adj.	unhappy in love; suffering from unrequited love
lovely	n.	a very pretty girl who works as a photographer's model
lovely	adj.	appealing to the emotions as well as the eye
lovely	adj.	lovable especially in a childlike or naive way
lovemaking	n.	sexual activities (often including sexual intercourse) between two people
lover	n.	a person who loves someone or is loved by someone
lover	n.	an ardent follower and admirer
lover	n.	a significant other to whom you are not related by marriage
lovesick	adj.	languishing because of love
loving	v.	have a great affection or liking for
loving	v.	get pleasure from
loving	v.	be enamored or in love with
loving	v.	have sexual intercourse with
loving	adj.	feeling or showing love and affection
low	n.	an air mass of lower pressure; often brings precipitation
low	n.	British political cartoonist (born in New Zealand) who created the character Colonel Blimp (1891-1963)
low	n.	a low level or position or degree
low	n.	the lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle; used to start a car moving
low	v.	make a low noise, characteristic of bovines
low	adj.	less than normal in degree or intensity or amount
low	adj.	literal meanings; being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension
low	adj.	very low in volume
low	adj.	unrefined in character
low	adj.	used of sounds and voices; low in pitch or frequency
low	adj.	of the most contemptible kind
low	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
low	adj.	no longer sufficient
low	adj.	subdued or brought low in condition or status
low	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
low	adv.	in a low position; near the ground
lowborn	adj.	of humble birth or origins
lowboy	n.	a low chest or table with drawers and supported on four legs
lowbrow	n.	a person who is uninterested in intellectual pursuits
lowbrow	adj.	characteristic of a person who is not cultivated or does not have intellectual tastes
lowell	n.	United States poet (1917-1977)
lowell	n.	United States astronomer whose studies of Mars led him to conclude that Mars was inhabited (1855-1916)
lowell	n.	United States poet (1874-1925)
lowell	n.	United States educator and president of Harvard University (1856-1943)
lower	n.	the lower of two berths
lower	v.	move something or somebody to a lower position
lower	v.	set lower
lower	v.	make lower or quieter
lower	v.	cause to drop or sink
lower	v.	look angry or sullen, wrinkle one's forehead, as if to signal disapproval
lower	adj.	less than normal in degree or intensity or amount
lower	adj.	literal meanings; being at or having a relatively small elevation or upward extension
lower	adj.	very low in volume
lower	adj.	unrefined in character
lower	adj.	used of sounds and voices; low in pitch or frequency
lower	adj.	of the most contemptible kind
lower	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
lower	adj.	no longer sufficient
lower	adj.	subdued or brought low in condition or status
lower	adj.	filled with melancholy and despondency
lowercase	n.	the characters that were once kept in bottom half of a compositor's type case
lowercase	adj.	relating to small (not capitalized) letters that were kept in the lower half of a compositor's type case
lowermost	adj.	farthest down
lowland	n.	low level country
lowland	adj.	of relatively low or level country
lowlander	n.	a native of the Lowlands of Scotland
lowlands	n.	the southern part of Scotland that is not mountainous
lowlands	n.	low level country
lowlife	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
lowliness	n.	the state of being humble and unimportant
lowliness	n.	a position of inferior status; low in station or rank or fortune or estimation
lowly	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
lowly	adj.	inferior in rank or status
lowly	adj.	used of unskilled work (especially domestic work)
lowly	adj.	of low birth or station (`base' is archaic in this sense)
lowness	n.	a position of inferior status; low in station or rank or fortune or estimation
lowness	n.	a feeling of low spirits
lowness	n.	the quality of being low; lacking height
lowness	n.	a low or small degree of any quality (amount or force or temperature etc.)
lox	n.	a bluish translucent magnetic liquid obtained by compressing gaseous oxygen and then cooling it below its boiling point; used as an oxidizer in rocket propellants
lox	n.	brine-cured salmon that is lightly smoked
loyal	adj.	steadfast in allegiance or duty
loyal	adj.	inspired by love for your country
loyal	adj.	unwavering in devotion to friend or vow or cause; ; ; - Campaign song for William Henry Harrison
loyaler	adj.	steadfast in allegiance or duty
loyaler	adj.	inspired by love for your country
loyaler	adj.	unwavering in devotion to friend or vow or cause; ; ; - Campaign song for William Henry Harrison
loyalist	n.	a person who is loyal to their allegiance (especially in times of revolt)
loyalties	n.	the quality of being loyal
loyalties	n.	feelings of allegiance
loyalties	n.	the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
loyalty	n.	the quality of being loyal
loyalty	n.	feelings of allegiance
loyalty	n.	the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
loyang	n.	a city in east central China; the capital of ancient China during several dynasties
loyola	n.	Spaniard and Roman Catholic theologian and founder of the Society of Jesus; a leading opponent of the Reformation (1491-1556)
lozenge	n.	a small aromatic or medicated candy
lozenge	n.	a dose of medicine in the form of a small pellet
lp	n.	a long-playing phonograph record; designed to be played at 33.3 rpm
lpn	n.	a nurse who has enough training to be licensed by a state to provide routine care for the sick
lr	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized from californium
lsd	n.	a powerful hallucinogenic drug manufactured from lysergic acid
lu	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; usually occurs in association with yttrium
luanda	n.	port city on Atlantic coast; the capital and largest city of Angola
luau	n.	an elaborate Hawaiian feast or party (especially one accompanied by traditional foods and entertainment)
lubavitcher	n.	a member of the Lubavitch movement; a follower of Chabad Hasidism
lubber	n.	an awkward stupid person
lubber	n.	an inexperienced sailor; a sailor on the first voyage
lubbock	n.	a city in northwest Texas to the south of Amarillo
lube	n.	a substance capable of reducing friction by making surfaces smooth or slippery
lube	v.	apply a lubricant to
lubricant	n.	a substance capable of reducing friction by making surfaces smooth or slippery
lubricate	v.	have lubricating properties
lubricate	v.	apply a lubricant to
lubricate	v.	make slippery or smooth through the application of a lubricant
lubrication	n.	the condition of having been made smooth or slippery by the application of a lubricant
lubrication	n.	an application of a lubricant to something
lubricator	n.	a substance capable of reducing friction by making surfaces smooth or slippery
lubricious	adj.	having a smooth or slippery quality
lubricious	adj.	characterized by lust
lubricity	n.	feeling morbid sexual desire or a propensity to lewdness
lubumbashi	n.	a city in southeastern Congo near the border with Zambia; a copper mining center; former name (until 1966) was Elisabethville
lucas	n.	United States screenwriter and filmmaker (born in 1944)
luce	n.	United States publisher of magazines (1898-1967)
luce	n.	United States playwright and public official (1902-1987)
lucid	adj.	(of language) transparently clear; easily understandable; ; ; - Robert Burton
lucid	adj.	having a clear mind
lucid	adj.	capable of thinking and expressing yourself in a clear and consistent manner
lucid	adj.	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
lucidity	n.	free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear expression
lucidity	n.	a lucid state of mind; not confused
lucidness	n.	free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear expression
lucifer	n.	(Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of God; tempter of mankind; master of Hell
lucifer	n.	a planet (usually Venus) seen just before sunrise in the eastern sky
lucifer	n.	lighter consisting of a thin piece of wood or cardboard tipped with combustible chemical; ignites with friction
lucite	n.	a transparent thermoplastic acrylic resin
luck	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
luck	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one way rather than another
luck	n.	an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that leads to a favorable outcome
luckily	adv.	by good fortune
luckiness	n.	an auspicious state resulting from favorable outcomes
luckless	adj.	having or bringing misfortune
lucknow	n.	a city in northern India in Uttar Pradesh; during the Indian Mutiny its British residents were besieged by Indian insurgents
lucknow	n.	the British residents of Lucknow were besieged by Indian insurgents during the Indian Mutiny (1857)
lucky	adj.	occurring by chance
lucky	adj.	having or bringing good fortune
lucky	adj.	presaging or likely to bring good luck
lucrative	adj.	producing a sizeable profit
lucrativeness	n.	the quality of affording gain or benefit or profit
lucre	n.	informal terms for money
lucre	n.	the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
lucretius	n.	Roman philosopher and poet; in a long didactic poem he tried to provide a scientific explanation of the universe (96-55 BC)
lucubrate	v.	add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing
lucubration	n.	a solemn literary work that is the product of laborious cogitation
lucubration	n.	laborious cogitation
lucy	n.	incomplete skeleton of female found in eastern Ethiopia in 1974
luddite	n.	any opponent of technological progress
luddite	n.	one of the 19th century English workmen who destroyed laborsaving machinery that they thought would cause unemployment
ludicrous	adj.	broadly or extravagantly humorous; resembling farce
ludicrous	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
ludo	n.	a simple board game in which players move counters according to the throw of dice
luff	n.	(nautical) the forward edge of a fore-and-aft sail that is next to the mast
luff	n.	the act of sailing close to the wind
luff	v.	sail close to the wind
luff	v.	flap when the wind is blowing equally on both sides
luftwaffe	n.	the German airforce
lug	n.	ancient Celtic god
lug	n.	a sail with four corners that is hoisted from a yard that is oblique to the mast
lug	n.	a projecting piece that is used to lift or support or turn something
lug	n.	marine worms having a row of tufted gills along each side of the back; often used for fishing bait
lug	v.	carry with difficulty
lug	v.	obstruct
luge	n.	a racing sled for one or two people
luge	v.	move along on a luge or toboggan
luger	n.	a German semiautomatic pistol
luger	n.	someone who races the luge
luggage	n.	cases used to carry belongings when traveling
lugged	v.	carry with difficulty
lugged	v.	obstruct
lugger	n.	small fishing boat rigged with one or more lugsails
lugging	v.	carry with difficulty
lugging	v.	obstruct
lugosi	n.	United States film actor (born in Hungary) noted for portraying monsters (1884-1956)
lugsail	n.	a sail with four corners that is hoisted from a yard that is oblique to the mast
lugubrious	adj.	excessively mournful
lugubriousness	n.	the quality of excessive mournfulness and uncheerfulness
luke	n.	(New Testament) the Apostle closely associated with St. Paul and traditionally assumed to be the author of the third Gospel
luke	n.	one of the four Gospels in the New Testament; contains details of Jesus's birth and early life
lukewarm	adj.	moderately warm
lukewarm	adj.	feeling or showing little interest or enthusiasm
lukewarmness	n.	a warmness resembling the temperature of the skin
lukewarmness	n.	lack of passion, force or animation
lull	n.	a pause during which things are calm or activities are diminished
lull	n.	a period of calm weather
lull	v.	calm by deception
lull	v.	become quiet or less intensive
lull	v.	make calm or still
lullaby	n.	a quiet song intended to lull a child to sleep
lullaby	n.	the act of singing a quiet song to lull a child to sleep
lully	n.	Spanish philosopher (1235-1315)
lully	n.	French composer (born in Italy) who was the court composer to Louis XIV and founded the national French opera (1632-1687)
lulu	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
lumbago	n.	backache affecting the lumbar region or lower back; can be caused by muscle strain or arthritis or vascular insufficiency or a ruptured intervertebral disc
lumbar	adj.	of or relating to or near the part of the back between the ribs and the hipbones
lumber	n.	the wood of trees cut and prepared for use as building material
lumber	n.	an implement used in baseball by the batter
lumber	v.	move heavily or clumsily
lumber	v.	cut lumber, as in woods and forests
lumbering	n.	the trade of cutting or preparing or selling timber
lumbering	v.	move heavily or clumsily
lumbering	v.	cut lumber, as in woods and forests
lumbering	adj.	slow and laborious because of weight
lumberjack	n.	a person who fells trees
lumberjack	n.	a short warm outer jacket
lumberman	n.	a person who fells trees
lumbermen	n.	a person who fells trees
lumberyard	n.	a workplace where lumber is stocked for sale
lumen	n.	a unit of luminous flux equal to the amount of light given out through a solid angle of 1 steradian by a point source of 1 candela intensity radiating uniformly in all directions
lumen	n.	a cavity or passage in a tubular organ
luminary	n.	a celebrity who is an inspiration to others
luminescence	n.	light not due to incandescence; occurs at low temperatures
luminescence	n.	light from nonthermal sources
luminescent	adj.	emitting light not caused by heat
luminosity	n.	the quality of being luminous; emitting or reflecting light
luminous	adj.	softly bright or radiant
lummox	n.	an awkward stupid person
lump	n.	a compact mass
lump	n.	an abnormal protuberance or localized enlargement
lump	n.	an awkward stupid person
lump	n.	a large piece of something without definite shape
lump	v.	put together indiscriminately
lump	v.	group or chunk together in a certain order or place side by side
lumpectomy	n.	surgical removal of a tumor without removing much of the surrounding tissue or lymph nodes; performed in some cases of breast cancer
lumpenproletariat	n.	(Marxism) the unorganized lower levels of the proletariat who are not interested in revolutionary advancement
lumpish	adj.	mentally sluggish
lumpy	adj.	like or containing small sticky lumps
lumpy	adj.	having lumps; not smooth and even in texture
luna	n.	(Roman mythology) the goddess of the Moon; counterpart of Greek Selene
lunacy	n.	obsolete terms for legal insanity
lunacy	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
lunar	adj.	of or relating to or associated with the moon
lunatic	n.	an insane person
lunatic	n.	a reckless impetuous irresponsible person
lunatic	adj.	insane and believed to be affected by the phases of the moon
lunch	n.	a midday meal
lunch	v.	take the midday meal
lunch	v.	provide a midday meal for
luncheon	n.	a midday meal
lunchroom	n.	a restaurant (in a facility) where lunch can be purchased
lunchtime	n.	the customary or habitual hour for eating lunch
lung	n.	either of two saclike respiratory organs in the chest of vertebrates; serves to remove carbon dioxide and provide oxygen to the blood
lunge	n.	the act of moving forward suddenly
lunge	n.	(fencing) an attacking thrust made with one foot forward and the back leg straight and with the sword arm outstretched forward
lunge	v.	make a thrusting forward movement
lungfish	n.	air-breathing fish having an elongated body and fleshy paired fins; certain species construct mucus-lined mud coverings in which to survive drought
lunkhead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
lupine	n.	any plant of the genus Lupinus; bearing erect spikes of usually purplish-blue flowers
lupine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of wolves
lupus	n.	any of several forms of ulcerative skin disease
lupus	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Centaurus
lurch	n.	an unsteady uneven gait
lurch	n.	a decisive defeat in a game (especially in cribbage)
lurch	n.	abrupt up-and-down motion (as caused by a ship or other conveyance)
lurch	n.	the act of moving forward suddenly
lurch	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
lurch	v.	move abruptly
lurch	v.	move slowly and unsteadily
lurch	v.	loiter about, with no apparent aim
lurch	v.	defeat by a lurch
lure	n.	qualities that attract by seeming to promise some kind of reward
lure	n.	anything that serves as an enticement
lure	n.	something used to lure fish or other animals into danger so they can be trapped or killed
lure	v.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion
lurid	adj.	horrible in fierceness or savagery
lurid	adj.	glaringly vivid and graphic; marked by sensationalism
lurid	adj.	shining with an unnatural red glow as of fire seen through smoke
lurid	adj.	ghastly pale
luridness	n.	the journalistic use of subject matter that appeals to vulgar tastes
luridness	n.	unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress)
luridness	n.	the quality of being ghastly
lurk	v.	lie in wait, lie in ambush, behave in a sneaky and secretive manner
lurk	v.	be about
lurk	v.	wait in hiding to attack
lusaka	n.	the capital and largest city of Zambia
luscious	adj.	having strong sexual appeal
luscious	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
lusciousness	n.	extreme appetizingness
lush	n.	a person who drinks alcohol to excess habitually
lush	adj.	produced or growing in extreme abundance
lush	adj.	characterized by extravagance and profusion
lush	adj.	full of juice
lushness	n.	the property of being lush and abundant and a pleasure to the senses
lusitania	n.	ancient region and Roman province on the Iberian Peninsula; corresponds roughly to modern Portugal and parts of Spain
lust	n.	a strong sexual desire
lust	n.	self-indulgent sexual desire (personified as one of the deadly sins)
lust	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
luster	n.	a quality that outshines the usual
luster	n.	the visual property of something that shines with reflected light
luster	n.	a surface coating for ceramics or porcelain
lusterless	adj.	lacking brilliance or vitality
lusterless	adj.	lacking luster or shine
lustful	adj.	characterized by lust
lustful	adj.	driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires
lustful	adj.	vigorously passionate
lustily	adv.	in a healthy manner
lustiness	n.	the property of being strong and healthy in constitution
lustrous	adj.	made smooth and bright by or as if by rubbing; reflecting a sheen or glow
lustrous	adj.	brilliant
lustrous	adj.	reflecting light
lusty	adj.	vigorously passionate
lusty	adj.	endowed with or exhibiting great bodily or mental health
lutanist	n.	a musician who plays the lute
lute	n.	a substance for packing a joint or coating a porous surface to make it impervious to gas or liquid
lute	n.	chordophone consisting of a plucked instrument having a pear-shaped body, a usually bent neck, and a fretted fingerboard
lutenist	n.	a musician who plays the lute
lutetium	n.	a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; usually occurs in association with yttrium
luther	n.	German theologian who led the Reformation; believed that salvation is granted on the basis of faith rather than deeds (1483-1546)
lutheran	n.	follower of Lutheranism
lutheran	adj.	of or pertaining to Martin Luther or his teachings
lutheran	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the branch of the Protestant Church adhering to the views of Luther
lutheranism	n.	teachings of Martin Luther emphasizing the cardinal doctrine of justification by faith alone
lux	n.	a unit of illumination equal to 1 lumen per square meter; 0.0929 foot candle
luxembourg	n.	the capital and largest city of Luxembourg
luxembourg	n.	a grand duchy (a constitutional monarchy) landlocked in northwestern Europe between France and Belgium and Germany; an international financial center
luxembourger	n.	a native or inhabitant of Luxembourg
luxembourgian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Luxembourg
luxuriance	n.	the property of being lush and abundant and a pleasure to the senses
luxuriant	adj.	marked by complexity and richness of detail
luxuriant	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
luxuriant	adj.	produced or growing in extreme abundance
luxuriate	v.	become extravagant; indulge (oneself) luxuriously
luxuriate	v.	enjoy to excess
luxuriate	v.	thrive profusely or flourish extensively
luxuriation	n.	an activity that affords excessive pleasure and enjoyment
luxurious	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
luxurious	adj.	rich and superior in quality
luxuriousness	n.	wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living
luxury	n.	something that is an indulgence rather than a necessity
luxury	n.	the quality possessed by something that is excessively expensive
luxury	n.	wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living
luzon	n.	the main island of the Philippines
lvi	adj.	being six more than fifty
lvii	adj.	being seven more than fifty
lxi	adj.	being one more than sixty
lxii	adj.	being two more than sixty
lxiv	adj.	being four more than sixty
lxvi	adj.	being six more than sixty
lxvii	adj.	being seven more than sixty
lyallpur	n.	city in northeast Pakistan
lyceum	n.	a school for students intermediate between elementary school and college; usually grades 9 to 12
lyceum	n.	a public hall for lectures and concerts
lychgate	n.	a roofed gate to a churchyard, formerly used as a temporary shelter for the bier during funerals
lydia	n.	an ancient region on the coast of western Asia Minor; a powerful kingdom until conquered by the Persians in 546 BC
lydian	n.	an Anatolian language
lye	n.	a strong solution of sodium or potassium hydroxide
lying	n.	the deliberate act of deviating from the truth
lying	v.	be located or situated somewhere; occupy a certain position
lying	v.	be lying, be prostrate; be in a horizontal position
lying	v.	originate (in)
lying	v.	be and remain in a particular state or condition
lying	v.	tell an untruth; pretend with intent to deceive
lying	v.	have a place in relation to something else
lying	v.	assume a reclining position
lyly	n.	English writer noted for his elaborate style (1554-1606)
lymph	n.	a thin coagulable fluid (similar to plasma but) containing white blood cells (lymphocytes) and chyle; is conveyed to the blood stream by lymphatic vessels
lymphatic	adj.	of or relating to or produced by lymph
lymphocyte	n.	an agranulocytic leukocyte that normally makes up a quarter of the white blood cell count but increases in the presence of infection
lymphoid	adj.	resembling lymph or lymphatic tissues
lymphoma	n.	a neoplasm of lymph tissue that is usually malignant; one of the four major types of cancer
lynch	v.	kill without legal sanction
lynchburg	n.	a city in central Virginia
lynching	n.	putting a person to death by mob action without due process of law
lynching	v.	kill without legal sanction
lynx	n.	a text browser
lynx	n.	short-tailed wildcats with usually tufted ears; valued for their fur
lyon	n.	a city in east-central France on the Rhone River; a principal producer of silk and rayon
lyons	n.	a city in east-central France on the Rhone River; a principal producer of silk and rayon
lyons	n.	the council in 1274 that effected a temporary reunion of the Greek Orthodox with the Roman Catholic Church
lyons	n.	the council of the Western Church in 1245 that excommunicated Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II and planned a new crusade against the Holy Land
lyra	n.	a small constellation in the northern hemisphere near Cygnus and Draco; contains the star Vega
lyre	n.	a harp used by ancient Greeks for accompaniment
lyrebird	n.	Australian bird that resembles a pheasant; the courting male displays long tail feathers in a lyre shape
lyric	n.	the text of a popular song or musical-comedy number
lyric	n.	a short poem of songlike quality
lyric	v.	write lyrics for (a song)
lyric	adj.	expressing deep emotion
lyric	adj.	used of a singer or singing voice that is light in volume and modest in range
lyric	adj.	relating to or being musical drama
lyric	adj.	of or relating to a category of poetry that expresses emotion (often in a songlike way)
lyrical	adj.	suitable for or suggestive of singing
lyrical	adj.	expressing deep emotion
lyricism	n.	the property of being suitable for singing
lyricism	n.	unrestrained and exaggerated enthusiasm
lyricist	n.	a person who writes the words for songs
lysenko	n.	Soviet geneticist whose adherence to Lamarck's theory of evolution was favored by Stalin (1898-1976)
lysol	n.	a clear oily brown solution of cresols in soap; used as an antiseptic and disinfectant
lysosomes	n.	an organelle found in the cytoplasm of most cells (especially in leukocytes and liver and kidney cells)
m	n.	the basic unit of length adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites (approximately 1.094 yards)
m	n.	concentration measured by the number of moles of solute per liter of solution
m	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
m	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobytes or 10^6 (1,000,000) bytes
m	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes
m	n.	the 13th letter of the Roman alphabet
m	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000 items or units
ma	n.	informal terms for a mother
ma	n.	a master's degree in arts and sciences
ma	n.	one thousandth of an ampere
ma	n.	a state in New England; one of the original 13 colonies
ma'am	n.	a woman of refinement
maalox	n.	an antacid
mac	n.	a waterproof raincoat made of rubberized fabric
macabre	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
macadam	n.	broken stone used in macadamized roadways
macadam	n.	a paved surface having compressed layers of broken rocks held together with tar
macadamia	n.	any tree of the genus Macadamia
macadamize	v.	surface with macadam
macao	n.	a former Portuguese province on the south coast of China and two islands in the South China Sea; reverted to China in 1999
macaque	n.	short-tailed monkey of rocky regions of Asia and Africa
macaroni	n.	a British dandy in the 18th century who affected Continental mannerisms
macaroni	n.	pasta in the form of slender tubes
macaroon	n.	chewy cookie usually containing almond paste
macarthur	n.	United States general who served as chief of staff and commanded Allied forces in the South Pacific during World War II; he accepted the surrender of Japan (1880-1964)
macaulay	n.	English historian noted for his history of England (1800-1859)
macaw	n.	long-tailed brilliantly colored parrot of Central America and South America; among the largest and showiest of parrots
macbeth	n.	king of Scotland (died in 1057)
mace	n.	(trademark) a liquid that temporarily disables a person; prepared as an aerosol and sprayed in the face, it irritates the eyes and causes dizziness and immobilization
mace	n.	an official who carries a mace of office
mace	n.	spice made from the dried fleshy covering of the nutmeg seed
mace	n.	a ceremonial staff carried as a symbol of office or authority
macedon	n.	the ancient kingdom of Philip II and Alexander the Great in the southeastern Balkans that is now divided among modern Macedonia and Greece and Bulgaria
macedonia	n.	landlocked republic on the Balkan Peninsula; achieved independence from Yugoslavia in 1991
macedonia	n.	the ancient kingdom of Philip II and Alexander the Great in the southeastern Balkans that is now divided among modern Macedonia and Greece and Bulgaria
macedonian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Macedon
macedonian	n.	the Slavic language of modern Macedonia
macedonian	adj.	of or relating to Macedonia or its inhabitants
macerate	v.	separate into constituents by soaking
macerate	v.	become soft or separate and disintegrate as a result of excessive soaking
macerate	v.	soften, usually by steeping in liquid, and cause to disintegrate as a result
macerate	v.	cause to grow thin or weak
maceration	n.	softening due to soaking or steeping
maceration	n.	extreme leanness (usually caused by starvation or disease)
mach	n.	Austrian physicist and philosopher who introduced the Mach number and who founded logical positivism (1838-1916)
machete	n.	a large heavy knife used in Central and South America as a weapon or for cutting vegetation
machiavelli	n.	a statesman of Florence who advocated a strong central government (1469-1527)
machiavellian	n.	a follower of Machiavelli's principles
machiavellian	adj.	of or relating to Machiavelli or the principles of conduct he recommended
machinate	v.	arrange by systematic planning and united effort
machinate	v.	engage in plotting or enter into a conspiracy, swear together
machination	n.	a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends
machine	n.	any mechanical or electrical device that transmits or modifies energy to perform or assist in the performance of human tasks
machine	n.	an efficient person
machine	n.	an intricate organization that accomplishes its goals efficiently
machine	n.	a device for overcoming resistance at one point by applying force at some other point
machine	n.	a group that controls the activities of a political party
machine	n.	a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine
machine	v.	turn, shape, mold, or otherwise finish by machinery
machine	v.	make by machinery
machinery	n.	machines or machine systems collectively
machinery	n.	a system of means and activities whereby a social institution functions
machinist	n.	a craftsman skilled in operating machine tools
machismo	n.	exaggerated masculinity
macho	n.	a male exhibiting or characterized by machismo
macho	adj.	used of men; markedly masculine in appearance or manner
macintosh	n.	a lightweight waterproof (usually rubberized) fabric
macintosh	n.	a waterproof raincoat made of rubberized fabric
mack	n.	a waterproof raincoat made of rubberized fabric
mackenzie	n.	Canadian explorer (born in England) who explored the Mackenzie River and who was first to cross North America by land north of Mexico (1764-1820)
mackenzie	n.	a Canadian river; flows into the Beaufort Sea
mackerel	n.	flesh of very important usually small (to 18 in) fatty Atlantic fish
mackerel	n.	any of various fishes of the family Scombridae
mackinaw	n.	a short plaid coat made of made of thick woolen material
mackinaw	n.	a thick plaid blanket formerly used in the northwestern United States
mackinaw	n.	a flat-bottomed boat used on upper Great Lakes
mackinaw	n.	a heavy woolen cloth heavily napped and felted, often with a plaid design
mackintosh	n.	a lightweight waterproof (usually rubberized) fabric
mackintosh	n.	a waterproof raincoat made of rubberized fabric
macleish	n.	United States poet (1892-1982)
macon	n.	a city in central Georgia to the southeast of Atlanta
macon	n.	fine Burgundy wine usually white and dry
macrame	n.	a relatively coarse lace; made by weaving and knotting cords
macrame	v.	make knotted patterns
macro	n.	a single computer instruction that results in a series of instructions in machine language
macro	adj.	very large in scale or scope or capability
macrobiotic	adj.	of or relating to the theory or practice of macrobiotics
macrobiotics	n.	the theory of promoting health and longevity by means of diet (especially whole beans and grains)
macrocosm	n.	everything that exists anywhere
macroeconomic	adj.	of or relating to macroeconomics
macroeconomics	n.	the branch of economics that studies the overall working of a national economy
macron	n.	a diacritical mark (-) placed above a vowel to indicate a long sound
macrophages	n.	a large phagocyte; some are fixed and other circulate in the blood stream
macroscopic	adj.	visible to the naked eye; using the naked eye
macroscopic	adj.	large enough to be visible with the naked eye
macumba	n.	(Brazil) followers of a religious cult of African origin
macumba	n.	popular dance music of Brazil; derived from the practices of the macumba religious cult
macumba	n.	a Brazilian religious cult of African origin; combines voodoo elements with singing and chanting and dancing
mad	adj.	roused to anger; - Mark Twain
mad	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
mad	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
mad	adj.	very foolish
madagascan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Madagascar
madagascan	adj.	of or relating to Madagascar or its people
madagascar	n.	a republic on the island of Madagascar; achieved independence from France in 1960
madagascar	n.	an island in the Indian Ocean off the southeastern coast of Africa; the 4th largest island in the world
madam	n.	a woman of refinement
madam	n.	a woman who runs a house of prostitution
madame	n.	title used for a married Frenchwoman
madcap	n.	a reckless impetuous irresponsible person
madcap	adj.	characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; ; ; ; ; (`brainish' is archaic)
madden	v.	cause to go crazy; cause to lose one's mind
madden	v.	drive up the wall; go on someone's nerves
madden	v.	make mad
maddening	v.	cause to go crazy; cause to lose one's mind
maddening	v.	drive up the wall; go on someone's nerves
maddening	v.	make mad
maddening	adj.	extremely annoying or displeasing
madder	n.	Eurasian herb having small yellow flowers and red roots formerly an important source of the dye alizarin
madder	v.	color a moderate to strong red
madder	adj.	roused to anger; - Mark Twain
madder	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
madder	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
madder	adj.	very foolish
maddest	adj.	roused to anger; - Mark Twain
maddest	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
maddest	adj.	marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
maddest	adj.	very foolish
made	v.	engage in
made	v.	give certain properties to something
made	v.	make or cause to be or to become
made	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
made	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
made	v.	create or manufacture a man-made product
made	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
made	v.	compel or make somebody or something to act in a certain way
made	v.	create by artistic means
made	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
made	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
made	v.	to compose or represent:
made	v.	reach a goal, e.g.,
made	v.	be or be capable of being changed or made into
made	v.	make by shaping or bringing together constituents
made	v.	perform or carry out
made	v.	make by combining materials and parts
made	v.	change from one form into another
made	v.	act in a certain way so as to acquire
made	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
made	v.	achieve a point or goal
made	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
made	v.	institute, enact, or establish
made	v.	carry out or commit
made	v.	form by assembling individuals or constituents
made	v.	organize or be responsible for
made	v.	put in order or neaten
made	v.	head into a specified direction
made	v.	have a bowel movement
made	v.	undergo fabrication or creation
made	v.	be suitable for
made	v.	add up to
made	v.	amount to
made	v.	constitute the essence of
made	v.	appear to begin an activity
made	v.	proceed along a path
made	v.	reach in time
made	v.	gather and light the materials for
made	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
made	v.	induce to have sex
made	v.	assure the success of
made	v.	represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like
made	v.	consider as being
made	v.	calculate as being
made	v.	cause to be enjoyable or pleasurable
made	v.	favor the development of
made	v.	develop into
made	v.	behave in a certain way
made	v.	eliminate urine
made	adj.	produced by a manufacturing process
made	adj.	(of a bed) having the sheets and blankets set in order
made	adj.	successful or assured of success; - Christopher Marlowe
madeira	n.	a Brazilian river; tributary of the Amazon River
madeira	n.	an island in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa; the largest of the Madeira Islands
madeira	n.	an amber dessert wine from the Madeira Islands
mademoiselle	n.	small silvery drumfish often mistaken for white perch; found along coasts of United States from New York to Mexico
madhouse	n.	pejorative terms for an insane asylum
madison	n.	4th President of the United States; member of the Continental Congress and rapporteur at the Constitutional Convention in 1776; helped frame the Bill of Rights (1751-1836)
madison	n.	capital of the state of Wisconsin; located in the southern part of state; site of the main branch of the University of Wisconsin
madman	n.	an insane person
madmen	n.	an insane person
madness	n.	obsolete terms for legal insanity
madness	n.	an acute viral disease of the nervous system of warm-blooded animals (usually transmitted by the bite of a rabid animal); rabies is fatal if the virus reaches the brain
madness	n.	a feeling of intense anger
madness	n.	the quality of being rash and foolish
madness	n.	unrestrained excitement or enthusiasm
madonna	n.	the mother of Jesus; Christians refer to her as the Virgin Mary; she is especially honored by Roman Catholics
madonna	n.	United States pop singer and sex symbol during the 1980s (born in 1958)
madras	n.	a state in southeastern India on the Bay of Bengal (south of Andhra Pradesh); formerly Madras
madras	n.	a city in Tamil Nadu on the Bay of Bengal; formerly Madras
madras	n.	a light patterned cotton cloth
madrasa	n.	Muslim schools in Bangladesh and Pakistan
madrasah	n.	Muslim schools in Bangladesh and Pakistan
madrasahs	n.	Muslim schools in Bangladesh and Pakistan
madrid	n.	the capital and largest city situated centrally in Spain; home of an outstanding art museum
madrigal	n.	an unaccompanied partsong for 2 or 3 voices; follows a strict poetic form
madrigal	v.	sing madrigals
madwoman	n.	a woman lunatic
madwomen	n.	a woman lunatic
maelstrom	n.	a powerful circular current of water (usually the result of conflicting tides)
maestro	n.	an artist of consummate skill
maeterlinck	n.	Belgian playwright (1862-1949)
mafia	n.	a crime syndicate in the United States; organized in families; believed to have important relations to the Sicilian Mafia
mafia	n.	a secret terrorist group in Sicily; originally opposed tyranny but evolved into a criminal organization in the middle of the 19th century
mafia	n.	any tightly knit group of trusted associates
mafiosi	n.	a member of the Sicilian Mafia
mafiosi	n.	a member of the Mafia crime syndicate in the United States
mafioso	n.	a member of the Sicilian Mafia
mafioso	n.	a member of the Mafia crime syndicate in the United States
mag	n.	a periodic publication containing pictures and stories and articles of interest to those who purchase it or subscribe to it
magazine	n.	a periodic publication containing pictures and stories and articles of interest to those who purchase it or subscribe to it
magazine	n.	product consisting of a paperback periodic publication as a physical object
magazine	n.	a business firm that publishes magazines
magazine	n.	a light-tight supply chamber holding the film and supplying it for exposure as required
magazine	n.	a storehouse (as a compartment on a warship) where weapons and ammunition are stored
magazine	n.	a metal frame or container holding cartridges; can be inserted into an automatic gun
magdalena	n.	a river that rises in the Andes mountains in southwestern Colombia and flows generally northward to empty into the Caribbean Sea at Barranquilla
magellan	n.	Portuguese navigator in the service of Spain; he commanded an expedition that was the first to circumnavigate the world (1480-1521)
magenta	n.	a primary subtractive color for light; a dark purple-red color; the dye for magenta was discovered in 1859, the year of the battle of Magenta
magenta	n.	a battle in 1859 in which the French and Sardinian forces under Napoleon III defeated the Austrians under Francis Joseph I
magenta	adj.	of deep purplish red
maggot	n.	the larva of the housefly and blowfly commonly found in decaying organic matter
maggoty	adj.	spoiled and covered with eggs and larvae of flies
maghreb	n.	the region of northwest Africa comprising the Atlas Mountains and the coastlands of Morocco and Algeria and Tunisia
magi	n.	(New Testament) the sages who visited Jesus and Mary and Joseph shortly after Jesus was born; the Gospel According to Matthew says they were guided by a star and brought gifts of gold and frankincense and myrrh; because there were three gifts it is usually assumed that there were three of them
magi	n.	a magician or sorcerer of ancient times
magi	n.	a member of the Zoroastrian priesthood of the ancient Persians
magic	n.	any art that invokes supernatural powers
magic	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
magic	adj.	possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
magical	adj.	possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
magician	n.	someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience
magician	n.	one who practices magic or sorcery
maginot	n.	French politician who proposed the Maginot Line (1877-1932)
magisterial	adj.	of or relating to a magistrate
magisterial	adj.	offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power
magisterial	adj.	used of a person's appearance or behavior; befitting an eminent person
magistracy	n.	the position of magistrate
magistrate	n.	a lay judge or civil authority who administers the law (especially one who conducts a court dealing with minor offenses)
magma	n.	molten rock in the earth's crust
magnanimity	n.	liberality in bestowing gifts; extremely liberal and generous of spirit
magnanimous	adj.	noble and generous in spirit
magnanimous	adj.	generous and understanding and tolerant
magnate	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
magnesia	n.	a white solid mineral that occurs naturally as periclase; a source of magnesium
magnesium	n.	a light silver-white ductile bivalent metallic element; in pure form it burns with brilliant white flame; occurs naturally only in combination (as in magnesite and dolomite and carnallite and spinel and olivine)
magnet	n.	(physics) a device that attracts iron and produces a magnetic field
magnet	n.	a characteristic that provides pleasure and attracts
magnetic	adj.	of or relating to or caused by magnetism
magnetic	adj.	having the properties of a magnet; i.e. of attracting iron or steel
magnetic	adj.	capable of being magnetized
magnetic	adj.	determined by earth's magnetic fields
magnetic	adj.	possessing an extraordinary ability to attract
magnetically	adv.	by the use of magnetism
magnetically	adv.	as if by magnetism
magnetism	n.	attraction for iron; associated with electric currents as well as magnets; characterized by fields of force
magnetism	n.	the branch of science that studies magnetism
magnetite	n.	an oxide of iron that is strongly attracted by magnets
magnetization	n.	the extent or degree to which something is magnetized
magnetization	n.	the process that makes a substance magnetic (temporarily or permanently)
magnetization	n.	the physical property of being magnetic
magnetize	v.	make magnetic
magnetize	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
magneto	n.	a small dynamo with a secondary winding that produces a high voltage enabling a spark to jump between the poles of a spark plug in a gasoline engine
magnetometer	n.	a meter to compare strengths of magnetic fields
magnetosphere	n.	the magnetic field of a planet; the volume around the planet in which charged particles are subject more to the planet's magnetic field than to the solar magnetic field
magnificat	n.	(Luke) the canticle of the Virgin Mary (from Luke 1:46 beginning `Magnificat anima mea Dominum')
magnification	n.	the act of expanding something in apparent size
magnification	n.	the ratio of the size of an image to the size of the object
magnification	n.	making to seem more important than it really is
magnification	n.	a photographic print that has been enlarged
magnificence	n.	splendid or imposing in size or appearance
magnificence	n.	the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
magnificent	adj.	characterized by grandeur
magnifier	n.	a scientific instrument that magnifies an image
magnify	v.	increase in size, volume or significance
magnify	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
magnify	v.	make large
magniloquence	n.	high-flown style; excessive use of verbal ornamentation
magniloquent	adj.	lofty in style
magnitude	n.	the property of relative size or extent (whether large or small)
magnitude	n.	a number assigned to the ratio of two quantities; two quantities are of the same order of magnitude if one is less than 10 times as large as the other; the number of magnitudes that the quantities differ is specified to within a power of 10
magnitude	n.	relative importance
magnolia	n.	dried bark of various magnolias; used in folk medicine
magnolia	n.	any shrub or tree of the genus Magnolia; valued for their longevity and exquisite fragrant blooms
magnum	n.	a large wine bottle for liquor or wine
magpie	n.	long-tailed black-and-white crow that utters a raucous chattering call
magpie	n.	someone who collects things that have been discarded by others
magpie	n.	an obnoxious and foolish and loquacious talker
magritte	n.	Belgian surrealist painter (1898-1967)
magus	n.	a magician or sorcerer of ancient times
magus	n.	a member of the Zoroastrian priesthood of the ancient Persians
magyar	n.	a native or inhabitant of Hungary
magyar	n.	the official language of Hungary (also spoken in Rumania); belongs to the Ugric family of languages
magyar	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Hungary
mahabharata	n.	(Hinduism) a sacred epic Sanskrit poem of India dealing in many episodes with the struggle between two rival families
maharajah	n.	a great raja; a Hindu prince or king in India ranking above a raja
maharajahs	n.	a great raja; a Hindu prince or king in India ranking above a raja
maharani	n.	a great rani; a princess in India or the wife of a maharaja
maharashtra	n.	a historical area in west-central India
mahatma	n.	(Hinduism) term of respect for a brahmin sage
mahayana	n.	a major school of Buddhism teaching social concern and universal salvation; China; Japan; Tibet; Nepal; Korea; Mongolia
mahayana	n.	one of two great schools of Buddhist doctrine emphasizing a common search for universal salvation especially through faith alone; the dominant religion of China and Tibet and Japan
mahayanist	n.	an adherent of Mahayana Buddhism
mahdi	n.	(Islam) a messianic leader who (according to popular Muslim belief) will appear before the end of the world and restore justice and religion
mahican	n.	a member of the Algonquian people formerly living in the Hudson valley and eastward to the Housatonic
mahican	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Mohican
mahler	n.	Austrian composer and conductor (1860-1911)
mahogany	n.	wood of any of various mahogany trees; much used for cabinetwork and furniture
mahogany	n.	any of various tropical timber trees of the family Meliaceae especially the genus Swietinia valued for their hard yellowish- to reddish-brown wood that is readily worked and takes a high polish
mahogany	n.	a shade of brown with a tinge of red
mahout	n.	the driver and keeper of an elephant
maid	n.	a female domestic
maid	n.	an unmarried girl (especially a virgin)
maiden	n.	an unmarried girl (especially a virgin)
maiden	n.	(cricket) an over in which no runs are scored
maiden	adj.	serving to set in motion
maidenhair	n.	any of various small to large terrestrial ferns of the genus Adiantum having delicate palmately branched fronds
maidenhead	n.	a fold of tissue that partly covers the entrance to the vagina of a virgin
maidenhood	n.	the childhood of a girl
maidservant	n.	a female domestic
mail	n.	the bags of letters and packages that are transported by the postal service
mail	n.	the system whereby messages are transmitted via the post office
mail	n.	a conveyance that transports the letters and packages that are conveyed by the postal system
mail	n.	any particular collection of letters or packages that is delivered
mail	n.	(Middle Ages) flexible armor made of interlinked metal rings
mail	v.	send via the postal service
mail	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
mailbag	n.	pouch used in the shipment of mail
mailbag	n.	letter carrier's shoulder bag
mailbox	n.	a private box for delivery of mail
mailbox	n.	public box for deposit of mail
mailer	n.	United States writer (born in 1923)
mailer	n.	a person who mails something
mailer	n.	an advertisement that is sent by mail
mailer	n.	a container for something to be mailed
mailing	n.	mail sent by a sender at one time
mailing	n.	the transmission of a letter
mailing	v.	send via the postal service
mailing	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
maillol	n.	French sculptor of monumental female nudes (1861-1944)
maillot	n.	a woman's one-piece bathing suit
maillot	n.	tights for dancers or gymnasts
mailman	n.	a man who delivers the mail
mailmen	n.	a man who delivers the mail
maim	v.	injure or wound seriously and leave permanent disfiguration or mutilation
maimonides	n.	Spanish philosopher considered the greatest Jewish scholar of the Middle Ages who codified Jewish law in the Talmud (1135-1204)
main	n.	any very large body of (salt) water
main	n.	a principal pipe in a system that distributes water or gas or electricity or that collects sewage
main	adj.	most important element
main	adj.	(of a clause) capable of standing syntactically alone as a complete sentence
main	adj.	of force; of the greatest possible intensity
maine	n.	a state in New England
mainer	n.	a native or resident of Maine
mainframe	n.	a large digital computer serving 100-400 users and occupying a special air-conditioned room
mainframe	n.	(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing
mainland	n.	the main land mass of a country or continent; as distinguished from an island or peninsula
mainline	v.	inject into the vein
mainmast	n.	the chief mast of a sailing vessel with two or more masts
mainsail	n.	the lowermost sail on the mainmast
mainspring	n.	the most important spring in a mechanical device (especially a clock or watch); as it uncoils it drives the mechanism
mainstay	n.	a prominent supporter
mainstay	n.	a central cohesive source of support and stability
mainstay	n.	the forestay that braces the mainmast
mainstream	n.	the prevailing current of thought
maintain	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
maintain	v.	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction
maintain	v.	supply with necessities and support
maintain	v.	state categorically
maintain	v.	have and exercise
maintain	v.	maintain for use and service
maintain	v.	maintain by writing regular records
maintain	v.	state or assert
maintain	v.	support against an opponent
maintain	v.	stick to correctly or closely
maintainable	adj.	capable of being maintained
maintained	v.	keep in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g.,
maintained	v.	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction
maintained	v.	supply with necessities and support
maintained	v.	state categorically
maintained	v.	have and exercise
maintained	v.	maintain for use and service
maintained	v.	maintain by writing regular records
maintained	v.	state or assert
maintained	v.	support against an opponent
maintained	v.	stick to correctly or closely
maintained	adj.	kept in good condition
maintained	adj.	continued in your keeping or use or memory
maintenance	n.	activity involved in maintaining something in good working order
maintenance	n.	means of maintenance of a family or group
maintenance	n.	court-ordered support paid by one spouse to another after they are separated
maintenance	n.	the act of sustaining life by food or providing a means of subsistence
maintenance	n.	the unauthorized interference in a legal action by a person having no interest in it (as by helping one party with money or otherwise to continue the action) so as to obstruct justice or promote unnecessary litigation or unsettle the peace of the community
maisonette	n.	a self-contained apartment (usually on two floors) in a larger house and with its own entrance from the outside
maisonette	n.	a small house
maitreya	n.	the Bodhisattva who is to appear as a Buddha 5000 years after the death of Gautama
maize	n.	tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in America in many varieties; the principal cereal in Mexico and Central and South America since pre-Columbian times
maize	n.	a strong yellow color
majestic	adj.	majestic in manner or bearing; superior to mundane matters
majestic	adj.	having or displaying great dignity or nobility
majestic	adj.	belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler
majestically	adv.	in a majestic manner
majesty	n.	impressiveness in scale or proportion
majolica	n.	highly decorated earthenware with a glaze of tin oxide
major	n.	a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Marines; below lieutenant colonel and above captain
major	n.	British statesman who was prime minister from 1990 until 1997 (born in 1943)
major	n.	a university student who is studying a particular field as the principal subject
major	n.	the principal field of study of a student at a university
major	v.	have as one's principal field of study
major	adj.	of greater importance or stature or rank
major	adj.	greater in scope or effect
major	adj.	greater in number or size or amount
major	adj.	of the field of academic study in which one concentrates or specializes
major	adj.	of a scale or mode
major	adj.	of greater seriousness or danger
major	adj.	of full legal age
major	adj.	of the elder of two boys with the same family name
majorca	n.	the largest of the Balearic Islands
majorette	n.	a female baton twirler who accompanies a marching band
majorette	n.	a female drum major
majority	n.	the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part
majority	n.	(elections) more than half of the votes
majority	n.	the age at which persons are considered competent to manage their own affairs
make	n.	a recognizable kind
make	n.	the act of mixing cards haphazardly
make	v.	engage in
make	v.	give certain properties to something
make	v.	make or cause to be or to become
make	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
make	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
make	v.	create or manufacture a man-made product
make	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
make	v.	compel or make somebody or something to act in a certain way
make	v.	create by artistic means
make	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
make	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
make	v.	to compose or represent:
make	v.	reach a goal, e.g.,
make	v.	be or be capable of being changed or made into
make	v.	make by shaping or bringing together constituents
make	v.	perform or carry out
make	v.	make by combining materials and parts
make	v.	change from one form into another
make	v.	act in a certain way so as to acquire
make	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
make	v.	achieve a point or goal
make	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
make	v.	institute, enact, or establish
make	v.	carry out or commit
make	v.	form by assembling individuals or constituents
make	v.	organize or be responsible for
make	v.	put in order or neaten
make	v.	head into a specified direction
make	v.	have a bowel movement
make	v.	undergo fabrication or creation
make	v.	be suitable for
make	v.	add up to
make	v.	amount to
make	v.	constitute the essence of
make	v.	appear to begin an activity
make	v.	proceed along a path
make	v.	reach in time
make	v.	gather and light the materials for
make	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
make	v.	induce to have sex
make	v.	assure the success of
make	v.	represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like
make	v.	consider as being
make	v.	calculate as being
make	v.	cause to be enjoyable or pleasurable
make	v.	favor the development of
make	v.	develop into
make	v.	behave in a certain way
make	v.	eliminate urine
makeover	n.	an overall beauty treatment (involving a person's hair style and cosmetics and clothing) intended to change or improve a person's appearance
makeover	n.	a complete reconstruction and renovation of something
maker	n.	a person who makes things
maker	n.	terms referring to the Judeo-Christian God
maker	n.	a business engaged in manufacturing some product
makeshift	n.	something contrived to meet an urgent need or emergency
makeshift	adj.	done or made using whatever is available
makeup	n.	cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance
makeup	n.	an event that is substituted for a previously cancelled event
makeup	n.	the way in which someone or something is composed
makeweight	n.	anything added to fill out a whole
makeweight	n.	a weight added to the scale to reach a required weight
making	n.	the act that results in something coming to be
making	n.	an attribute that must be met or complied with and that fits a person for something
making	n.	(usually plural) the components needed for making or doing something
making	v.	engage in
making	v.	give certain properties to something
making	v.	make or cause to be or to become
making	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
making	v.	give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally
making	v.	create or manufacture a man-made product
making	v.	make, formulate, or derive in the mind
making	v.	compel or make somebody or something to act in a certain way
making	v.	create by artistic means
making	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
making	v.	create or design, often in a certain way
making	v.	to compose or represent:
making	v.	reach a goal, e.g.,
making	v.	be or be capable of being changed or made into
making	v.	make by shaping or bringing together constituents
making	v.	perform or carry out
making	v.	make by combining materials and parts
making	v.	change from one form into another
making	v.	act in a certain way so as to acquire
making	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
making	v.	achieve a point or goal
making	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
making	v.	institute, enact, or establish
making	v.	carry out or commit
making	v.	form by assembling individuals or constituents
making	v.	organize or be responsible for
making	v.	put in order or neaten
making	v.	head into a specified direction
making	v.	have a bowel movement
making	v.	undergo fabrication or creation
making	v.	be suitable for
making	v.	add up to
making	v.	amount to
making	v.	constitute the essence of
making	v.	appear to begin an activity
making	v.	proceed along a path
making	v.	reach in time
making	v.	gather and light the materials for
making	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
making	v.	induce to have sex
making	v.	assure the success of
making	v.	represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like
making	v.	consider as being
making	v.	calculate as being
making	v.	cause to be enjoyable or pleasurable
making	v.	favor the development of
making	v.	develop into
making	v.	behave in a certain way
making	v.	eliminate urine
makings	n.	the act that results in something coming to be
makings	n.	an attribute that must be met or complied with and that fits a person for something
makings	n.	(usually plural) the components needed for making or doing something
malabo	n.	the capital and largest city of Equatorial Guinea on the island of Bioko in the Gulf of Guinea
malacca	n.	stem of the rattan palm used for making canes and umbrella handles
malacca	n.	a cane made from the stem of a rattan palm
malachi	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet of the 5th century BC
malachi	n.	an Old Testament book containing the prophecies of Malachi
malachite	n.	a green or blue mineral used as an ore of copper and for making ornamental objects
maladjusted	adj.	poorly adjusted to demands and stresses of daily living
maladjusted	adj.	emotionally unstable and having difficulty coping with personal relationships
maladjusted	adj.	not well adjusted
maladjustment	n.	the condition of being unable to adapt properly to your environment with resulting emotional instability
maladroit	adj.	not adroit
maladroitness	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
malady	n.	any unwholesome or desperate condition
malady	n.	impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organism
malaise	n.	physical discomfort (as mild sickness or depression)
malamud	n.	United States writer (1914-1986)
malamute	n.	breed of sled dog developed in Alaska
malaprop	n.	the unintentional misuse of a word by confusion with one that sounds similar
malapropism	n.	the unintentional misuse of a word by confusion with one that sounds similar
malaria	n.	an infective disease caused by sporozoan parasites that are transmitted through the bite of an infected Anopheles mosquito; marked by paroxysms of chills and fever
malarial	adj.	of or infected by or resembling malaria
malarkey	n.	empty rhetoric or insincere or exaggerated talk
malathion	n.	a yellow insecticide used as a dust or spray to control garden pests and house flies and mites
malawi	n.	a landlocked republic in southern central Africa; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1964
malawian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Malawi
malawian	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Malawi or its people or culture
malay	n.	a member of a people inhabiting the northern Malay Peninsula and Malaysia and parts of the western Malay Archipelago
malay	n.	a western subfamily of Western Malayo-Polynesian languages
malay	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the people or language of Malaysia and the northern Malay Peninsula and parts of the western Malay Archipelago
malaya	n.	a constitutional monarchy in southeastern Asia on Borneo and the Malay Peninsula; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1957
malayalam	n.	a Dravidian language (closely related to Tamil) that is spoken in southwestern India
malayan	n.	a member of a people inhabiting the northern Malay Peninsula and Malaysia and parts of the western Malay Archipelago
malayan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Malaysia
malayan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the people or language of Malaysia and the northern Malay Peninsula and parts of the western Malay Archipelago
malaysia	n.	a constitutional monarchy in southeastern Asia on Borneo and the Malay Peninsula; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1957
malaysian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Malaysia
malaysian	n.	the Malay language spoken in Malaysia
malaysian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Malaysia
malcontent	n.	a person who is discontented or disgusted
malcontent	adj.	discontented as toward authority
maldives	n.	a republic on the Maldive Islands; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1965
maldives	n.	a group of about 1,200 small coral islands (about 220 inhabited) in the Indian ocean
maldivian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Maldives
male	n.	an animal that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that can fertilize female gametes (ova)
male	n.	a person who belongs to the sex that cannot have babies
male	n.	the capital of Maldives in the center of the islands
male	adj.	being the sex (of plant or animal) that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that perform the fertilizing function in generation
male	adj.	characteristic of a man
male	adj.	for or pertaining to or composed of men or boys
malediction	n.	the act of calling down a curse that invokes evil (and usually serves as an insult)
malefactor	n.	someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime
malefic	adj.	having or exerting a malignant influence
maleficence	n.	doing or causing evil
maleficence	n.	the quality or nature of being harmful or evil
maleficent	adj.	harmful or evil in intent or effect
maleness	n.	the properties characteristic of the male sex
malevolence	n.	wishing evil to others
malevolence	n.	the quality of threatening evil
malevolent	adj.	wishing or appearing to wish evil to others; arising from intense ill will or hatred
malevolent	adj.	having or exerting a malignant influence
malfeasance	n.	wrongful conduct by a public official
malformation	n.	an affliction in which some part of the body is misshapen or malformed
malformation	n.	something abnormal or anomalous
malformed	adj.	so badly formed or out of shape as to be ugly
malfunction	n.	a failure to function normally
malfunction	v.	fail to function or function improperly
mali	n.	a landlocked republic in northwestern Africa; achieved independence from France in 1960; Mali was a center of West African civilization for more than 4,000 years
malian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Mali
malian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Mali or its people
malice	n.	feeling a need to see others suffer
malice	n.	the quality of threatening evil
malicious	adj.	having the nature of or resulting from malice; ; - Rudyard Kipling
maliciousness	n.	feeling a need to see others suffer
malign	v.	speak unfavorably about
malign	adj.	evil or harmful in nature or influence
malign	adj.	having or exerting a malignant influence
malignancy	n.	(medicine) a malignant state; progressive and resistant to treatment and tending to cause death
malignancy	n.	quality of being disposed to evil; intense ill will
malignant	adj.	dangerous to health; characterized by progressive and uncontrolled growth (especially of a tumor)
malignity	n.	wishing evil to others
malignity	n.	quality of being disposed to evil; intense ill will
malinger	v.	avoid responsibilities and duties, e.g., by pretending to be ill
malingerer	n.	someone shirking their duty by feigning illness or incapacity
malinowski	n.	British anthropologist (born in Poland) who introduced the technique of the participant observer (1884-1942)
mall	n.	a public area set aside as a pedestrian walk
mall	n.	mercantile establishment consisting of a carefully landscaped complex of shops representing leading merchandisers; usually includes restaurants and a convenient parking area; a modern version of the traditional marketplace
mallard	n.	wild dabbling duck from which domestic ducks are descended; widely distributed
mallarme	n.	French symbolist poet noted for his free verse (1842-1898)
malleability	n.	the property of being physically malleable; the property of something that can be worked or hammered or shaped without breaking
malleable	adj.	easily influenced
malleable	adj.	capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out
mallet	n.	a sports implement with a long handle and a head like a hammer; used in sports (polo or croquet) to hit a ball
mallet	n.	a light drumstick with a rounded head that is used to strike such percussion instruments as chimes, kettledrums, marimbas, glockenspiels, etc.
mallet	n.	a tool resembling a hammer but with a large head (usually wooden); used to drive wedges or ram down paving stones or for crushing or beating or flattening or smoothing
mallow	n.	any of various plants of the family Malvaceae
malnourished	v.	provide with insufficient quality or quantity of nourishment
malnourished	adj.	not being provided with adequate nourishment
malnutrition	n.	a state of poor nutrition; can result from insufficient or excessive or unbalanced diet or from inability to absorb foods
malocclusion	n.	(dentistry) a condition in which the opposing teeth do not mesh normally
malodorous	adj.	having an unpleasant smell
malone	n.	English scholar remembered for his chronology of Shakespeare's plays and his editions of Shakespeare and Dryden (1741-1812)
malory	n.	English writer who published a translation of romances about King Arthur taken from French and other sources (died in 1471)
malpractice	n.	professional wrongdoing that results in injury or damage
malpractice	n.	a wrongful act that the actor had no right to do; improper professional conduct
malraux	n.	French novelist (1901-1976)
malt	n.	a milkshake made with malt powder
malt	n.	a lager of high alcohol content; by law it is considered too alcoholic to be sold as lager or beer
malt	n.	a cereal grain (usually barley) that is kiln-dried after having been germinated by soaking in water; used especially in brewing and distilling
malt	v.	treat with malt or malt extract
malt	v.	turn into malt, become malt
malt	v.	convert grain into malt
malt	v.	convert into malt
malta	n.	a republic on the island of Malta in the Mediterranean; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1964
malta	n.	a strategically located island to the south of Sicily in the Mediterranean Sea
malted	n.	a milkshake made with malt powder
malted	v.	treat with malt or malt extract
malted	v.	turn into malt, become malt
malted	v.	convert grain into malt
malted	v.	convert into malt
malted	adj.	of grain that has been converted into malt
maltese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Malta
maltese	n.	the national language of the Republic of Malta; a Semitic language derived from Arabic but with many loan words from Italian, Spanish, and Norman-French
maltese	n.	a term applied indiscriminately in the United States to any short-haired bluish-grey cat
maltese	n.	breed of toy dogs having a long straight silky white coat
maltese	adj.	of or relating to the island or republic of Malta or its inhabitants
malthus	n.	an English economist who argued that increases in population would outgrow increases in the means of subsistence (1766-1834)
malthusian	n.	a believer in Malthusian theory
malthusian	adj.	of or relating to Thomas Malthus or to Malthusianism
maltose	n.	a white crystalline sugar formed during the digestion of starches
maltreat	v.	treat badly
maltreatment	n.	cruel or inhumane treatment
mam	n.	a member of a Mayan people of southwestern Guatemala
mam	n.	a Mayan language spoken by the Mam
mama	n.	informal terms for a mother
mama	n.	a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped
mamba	n.	arboreal snake of central and southern Africa whose bite is often fatal
mambo	n.	a Latin American dance similar in rhythm to the rumba
mambo	v.	dance a mambo
mamet	n.	United States playwright (born in 1947)
mamma	n.	informal terms for a mother
mamma	n.	milk-secreting organ of female mammals
mammal	n.	any warm-blooded vertebrate having the skin more or less covered with hair; young are born alive except for the small subclass of monotremes and nourished with milk
mammalian	n.	any warm-blooded vertebrate having the skin more or less covered with hair; young are born alive except for the small subclass of monotremes and nourished with milk
mammalian	adj.	of or relating to the class Mammalia
mammary	adj.	of or relating to the milk-giving gland of the female
mammogram	n.	X-ray film of the soft tissue of the breast
mammography	n.	a diagnostic procedure to detect breast tumors by the use of X rays
mammon	n.	wealth regarded as an evil influence
mammon	n.	(New Testament) a personification of wealth and avarice as an evil spirit
mammoth	n.	any of numerous extinct elephants widely distributed in the Pleistocene; extremely large with hairy coats and long upcurved tusks
mammoth	adj.	so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth
mammoths	n.	any of numerous extinct elephants widely distributed in the Pleistocene; extremely large with hairy coats and long upcurved tusks
mammy	n.	an offensive term for a Black nursemaid in the southern U.S.
mammy	n.	informal terms for a mother
man	n.	an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman)
man	n.	someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force
man	n.	the generic use of the word to refer to any human being
man	n.	any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage
man	n.	a male subordinate
man	n.	an adult male person who has a manly character (virile and courageous competent)
man	n.	a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer
man	n.	a male person who plays a significant role (husband or lover or boyfriend) in the life of a particular woman
man	n.	one of the British Isles in the Irish Sea
man	n.	game equipment consisting of an object used in playing certain board games
man	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
man	v.	take charge of a certain job; occupy a certain work place
man	v.	provide with workers
manacle	n.	shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; usually used in pairs
manacle	v.	confine or restrain with or as if with manacles or handcuffs
manage	v.	be successful; achieve a goal
manage	v.	be in charge of, act on, or dispose of
manage	v.	come to terms with
manage	v.	watch and direct
manage	v.	achieve something by means of trickery or devious methods
manage	v.	carry on or function
manage	v.	handle effectively
manageability	n.	capable of being managed or controlled
manageable	adj.	capable of being managed or controlled
manageable	adj.	capable of existing or taking place or proving true; possible to do
management	n.	the act of managing something
management	n.	those in charge of running a business
manager	n.	someone who controls resources and expenditures
manager	n.	(sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team
manageress	n.	a woman manager
managerial	adj.	of or relating to the function or responsibility or activity of management
managua	n.	the capital and largest city of Nicaragua
manama	n.	the capital of Bahrain; located at the northern end of Bahrain Island
manana	n.	an indefinite time in the future
manatee	n.	sirenian mammal of tropical coastal waters of America; the flat tail is rounded
manchester	n.	largest city in New Hampshire; located in southeastern New Hampshire on the Merrimack river
manchester	n.	a city in northwestern England (30 miles to the east of Liverpool); heart of the most densely populated area of England
manchu	n.	a member of the Manchu speaking people of Mongolian race of Manchuria; related to the Tungus; conquered China in the 17th century
manchu	n.	the last imperial dynasty of China (from 1644 to 1912) which was overthrown by revolutionaries; during the Qing dynasty China was ruled by the Manchu
manchu	n.	the Tungusic language spoken by the Manchu
manchuria	n.	a region in northeastern China
manchurian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Manchuria or its people or their culture
mancunian	n.	a native or resident of Manchester
mancunian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the English city of Manchester or its residents
mandala	n.	any of various geometric designs (usually circular) symbolizing the universe; used chiefly in Hinduism and Buddhism as an aid to meditation
mandalay	n.	a city in central Myanmar to the north of Rangoon
mandamus	n.	an extraordinary writ commanding an official to perform a ministerial act that the law recognizes as an absolute duty and not a matter for the official's discretion; used only when all other judicial remedies fail
mandarin	n.	shrub or small tree having flattened globose fruit with very sweet aromatic pulp and thin yellow-orange to flame-orange rind that is loose and easily removed; native to southeastern Asia
mandarin	n.	a member of an elite intellectual or cultural group
mandarin	n.	any high government official or bureaucrat
mandarin	n.	a high public official of imperial China
mandarin	n.	a somewhat flat reddish-orange loose skinned citrus of China
mandarin	n.	the dialect of Chinese spoken in Beijing and adopted as the official language for all of China
mandate	n.	a document giving an official instruction or command
mandate	n.	a territory surrendered by Turkey or Germany after World War I and put under the tutelage of some other European power until they are able to stand by themselves
mandate	n.	the commission that is given to a government and its policies through an electoral victory
mandate	v.	assign under a mandate
mandate	v.	make mandatory
mandate	v.	assign authority to
mandatory	n.	the recipient of a mandate
mandatory	n.	a territory surrendered by Turkey or Germany after World War I and put under the tutelage of some other European power until they are able to stand by themselves
mandatory	adj.	required by rule
mandela	n.	South African statesman who was released from prison to become the nation's first democratically elected president in 1994 (born in 1918)
mandelbrot	n.	French mathematician (born in Poland) noted for inventing fractals (born in 1924)
mandible	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is hinged to open the mouth
mandibular	adj.	relating to the lower jaw
mandolin	n.	a stringed instrument related to the lute, usually played with a plectrum
mandrake	n.	the root of the mandrake plant; used medicinally or as a narcotic
mandrake	n.	a plant of southern Europe and North Africa having purple flowers, yellow fruits and a forked root formerly thought to have magical powers
mandrel	n.	any of various rotating shafts that serve as axes for larger rotating parts
mandrill	n.	baboon of west Africa with a bright red and blue muzzle and blue hindquarters
mane	n.	long coarse hair growing from the crest of the animal's neck
mane	n.	growth of hair covering the scalp of a human being
manet	n.	French painter whose work influenced the impressionists (1832-1883)
maneuver	n.	a military training exercise
maneuver	n.	a plan for attaining a particular goal
maneuver	n.	a deliberate coordinated movement requiring dexterity and skill
maneuver	n.	a move made to gain a tactical end
maneuver	n.	an action aimed at evading an opponent
maneuver	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
maneuver	v.	act in order to achieve a certain goal
maneuver	v.	perform a movement in military or naval tactics in order to secure an advantage in attack or defense
maneuverability	n.	the quality of being maneuverable
manful	adj.	possessing qualities befitting a man
manful	adj.	characteristic of a man
manganese	n.	a hard brittle grey polyvalent metallic element that resembles iron but is not magnetic; used in making steel; occurs in many minerals
mange	n.	a persistent and contagious disease of the skin causing inflammation and itching and loss of hair; affects domestic animals (and sometimes people)
manger	n.	a container (usually in a barn or stable) from which cattle or horses feed
manginess	n.	a lack of elegance as a consequence of wearing threadbare or dirty clothing
mangle	n.	clothes dryer for drying and ironing laundry by passing it between two heavy heated rollers
mangle	v.	press with a mangle
mangle	v.	injure badly by beating
mangle	v.	alter so as to make unrecognizable
mangle	v.	destroy or injure severely
mango	n.	large evergreen tropical tree cultivated for its large oval fruit
mango	n.	large oval tropical fruit having smooth skin, juicy aromatic pulp, and a large hairy seed
mangoes	n.	large evergreen tropical tree cultivated for its large oval fruit
mangoes	n.	large oval tropical fruit having smooth skin, juicy aromatic pulp, and a large hairy seed
mangrove	n.	a tropical tree or shrub bearing fruit that germinates while still on the tree and having numerous prop roots that eventually form an impenetrable mass and are important in land building
mangy	adj.	having many worn or threadbare spots in the nap
manhandle	v.	handle roughly
manhattan	n.	one of the five boroughs of New York City
manhattan	n.	a cocktail made with whiskey and sweet vermouth with a dash of bitters
manhole	n.	a hole (usually with a flush cover) through which a person can gain access to an underground structure
manhood	n.	the state of being a man; manly qualities
manhood	n.	the quality of being human
manhood	n.	the status of being a man
manhunt	n.	an organized search (by police) for a person (charged with a crime)
mania	n.	an irrational but irresistible motive for a belief or action
mania	n.	a mood disorder; an affective disorder in which the victim tends to respond excessively and sometimes violently
maniac	n.	an insane person
maniac	n.	a person who has an obsession with or excessive enthusiasm for something
maniac	adj.	wildly disordered
maniacal	adj.	wildly disordered
manic	adj.	affected with or marked by frenzy or mania uncontrolled by reason; ; ; - H.W.Carter
manichean	n.	an adherent of Manichaeism
manichean	adj.	of or relating to Manichaeism
manicure	n.	professional care for the hands and fingernails
manicure	v.	trim carefully and neatly
manicure	v.	care for (one's hand) by cutting and shaping the nails, etc.
manicurist	n.	a beautician who cleans and trims and polishes the fingernails
manifest	n.	a customs document listing the contents put on a ship or plane
manifest	v.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes
manifest	v.	record in a ship's manifest
manifest	v.	reveal its presence or make an appearance
manifest	adj.	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
manifestation	n.	a clear appearance
manifestation	n.	a manifest indication of the existence or presence or nature of some person or thing
manifestation	n.	an appearance in bodily form (as of a disembodied spirit)
manifestation	n.	expression without words
manifestation	n.	a public display of group feelings (usually of a political nature)
manifesto	n.	a public declaration of intentions (as issued by a political party or government)
manifold	n.	a pipe that has several lateral outlets to or from other pipes
manifold	n.	a lightweight paper used with carbon paper to make multiple copies
manifold	n.	a set of points such as those of a closed surface or an analogue in three or more dimensions
manifold	v.	make multiple copies of
manifold	v.	combine or increase by multiplication
manifold	adj.	many and varied; having many features or forms
manikin	n.	a person who is very small but who is not otherwise deformed or abnormal
manikin	n.	a woman who wears clothes to display fashions
manikin	n.	a life-size dummy used to display clothes
manila	n.	a strong paper or thin cardboard with a smooth light brown finish made from e.g. Manila hemp
manila	n.	the capital and largest city of the Philippines; located on southern Luzon
manioc	n.	a starch made by leaching and drying the root of the cassava plant; the source of tapioca; a staple food in the tropics
manioc	n.	cassava root eaten as a staple food after drying and leaching; source of tapioca
manioc	n.	cassava with long tuberous edible roots and soft brittle stems; used especially to make cassiri (an intoxicating drink) and tapioca
manipulable	adj.	easily managed (controlled or taught or molded); ; - Samuel Butler
manipulate	v.	influence or control shrewdly or deviously
manipulate	v.	hold something in one's hands and move it
manipulate	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
manipulate	v.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner
manipulate	v.	control (others or oneself) or influence skillfully, usually to one's advantage
manipulate	v.	treat manually, as with massage, for therapeutic purposed
manipulation	n.	exerting shrewd or devious influence especially for one's own advantage
manipulation	n.	the action of touching with the hands (or the skillful use of the hands) or by the use of mechanical means
manipulative	adj.	skillful in influencing or controlling others to your own advantage
manipulator	n.	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine
manipulator	n.	a person who handles things manually
manitoba	n.	one of the three prairie provinces in central Canada
mankato	n.	a town in southern Minnesota
mankind	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
manky	adj.	inferior and worthless
manlike	adj.	possessing qualities befitting a man
manlike	adj.	characteristic of a man
manlike	adj.	resembling human beings
manliness	n.	the trait of being manly; having the characteristics of an adult male
manly	adj.	possessing qualities befitting a man
manly	adj.	characteristic of a man
manly	adv.	in a manful manner; with qualities thought to befit a man
mann	n.	United States educator who introduced reforms that significantly altered the system of public education (1796-1859)
mann	n.	German writer concerned about the role of the artist in bourgeois society (1875-1955)
manna	n.	hardened sugary exudation of various trees
manna	n.	(Old Testament) food that God gave the Israelites during the Exodus
manned	v.	take charge of a certain job; occupy a certain work place
manned	v.	provide with workers
manned	adj.	having a crew
mannequin	n.	a woman who wears clothes to display fashions
mannequin	n.	a life-size dummy used to display clothes
manner	n.	how something is done or how it happens
manner	n.	a way of acting or behaving
manner	n.	a kind
mannerism	n.	a behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual
mannerism	n.	a deliberate pretense or exaggerated display
mannerly	adj.	socially correct in behavior
mannheim	n.	a city in southwestern Germany at the confluence of the Rhine and Neckar rivers
manning	v.	take charge of a certain job; occupy a certain work place
manning	v.	provide with workers
mannish	adj.	resembling or imitative of or suggestive of a man rather than a woman
mannish	adj.	characteristic of a man as distinguished from a woman
manometer	n.	a pressure gauge for comparing pressures of a gas
manor	n.	the mansion of a lord or wealthy person
manor	n.	the landed estate of a lord (including the house on it)
manorial	adj.	of or relating to or based on the manor
manpower	n.	the force of workers available
manque	adj.	unfulfilled or frustrated in realizing an ambition
mansard	n.	a hip roof having two slopes on each side
mansard	adj.	(of a roof) having two slopes on all sides with the lower slope steeper than the upper
manse	n.	a large and imposing house
manse	n.	the residence of a clergyman (especially a Presbyterian clergyman)
manservant	n.	a man servant
mansfield	n.	New Zealand writer of short stories (1888-1923)
mansfield	n.	a town in north central Ohio
mansion	n.	(astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided
mansion	n.	a large and imposing house
manslaughter	n.	homicide without malice aforethought
manson	n.	Scottish physician who discovered that elephantiasis is spread by mosquitos and suggested that mosquitos also spread malaria (1844-1922)
manta	n.	a blanket that is used as a cloak or shawl
manta	n.	extremely large pelagic tropical ray that feeds on plankton and small fishes; usually harmless but its size make it dangerous if harpooned
mantegna	n.	Italian painter and engraver noted for his frescoes (1431-1506)
mantel	n.	shelf that projects from wall above fireplace
mantelpiece	n.	shelf that projects from wall above fireplace
mantes	n.	predacious long-bodied large-eyed insect of warm regions; rests with forelimbs raised as in prayer
mantilla	n.	a woman's silk or lace scarf
mantilla	n.	short cape worn by women
mantis	n.	predacious long-bodied large-eyed insect of warm regions; rests with forelimbs raised as in prayer
mantissa	n.	the positive fractional part of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log 643 = 2.808 the mantissa is .808
mantle	n.	the cloak as a symbol of authority
mantle	n.	United States baseball player (1931-1997)
mantle	n.	the layer of the earth between the crust and the core
mantle	n.	anything that covers
mantle	n.	(zoology) a protective layer of epidermis in mollusks or brachiopods that secretes a substance forming the shell
mantle	n.	shelf that projects from wall above fireplace
mantle	n.	hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)
mantle	n.	a sleeveless garment like a cloak but shorter
mantle	v.	spread over a surface, like a mantle
mantle	v.	cover like a mantle
mantra	n.	a commonly repeated word or phrase
mantra	n.	(Sanskrit) literally a `sacred utterance' in Vedism; one of a collection of orally transmitted poetic hymns
manual	n.	a small handbook
manual	n.	(military) a prescribed drill in handling a rifle
manual	adj.	of or relating to the hands
manual	adj.	requiring human effort
manual	adj.	doing or requiring physical work
manufacture	n.	the organized action of making of goods and services for sale
manufacture	n.	the act of making something (a product) from raw materials
manufacture	v.	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts; ; ; He manufactured a popular cereal"
manufacture	v.	make up something artificial or untrue
manufacture	v.	produce naturally
manufacture	v.	create or produce in a mechanical way
manufacturer	n.	a business engaged in manufacturing some product
manufacturer	n.	someone who manufactures something
manufacturing	n.	the act of making something (a product) from raw materials
manufacturing	v.	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts; ; ; He manufactured a popular cereal"
manufacturing	v.	make up something artificial or untrue
manufacturing	v.	produce naturally
manufacturing	v.	create or produce in a mechanical way
manumission	n.	the formal act of freeing from slavery
manumit	v.	free from slavery or servitude
manumitted	v.	free from slavery or servitude
manumitting	v.	free from slavery or servitude
manure	n.	any animal or plant material used to fertilize land especially animal excreta usually with litter material
manure	v.	spread manure, as for fertilization
manuscript	n.	the form of a literary work submitted for publication
manuscript	n.	handwritten book or document
manx	n.	the ancient Gaelic formerly spoken on the Isle of Man; the language is sometimes used on ceremonial occasions
manx	n.	a short-haired tailless breed of cat believed to originate on the Isle of Man
manx	adj.	of or relating to the Isle of Man or its inhabitants or their language
many	adj.	a quantifier that can be used with count nouns and is often preceded by `as' or `too' or `so' or `that'; amounting to a large but indefinite number
mao	n.	an enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of many body compounds (e.g., epinephrine and norepinephrine and serotonin)
mao	n.	Chinese communist leader (1893-1976)
maoism	n.	a form of communism developed in China by Mao Zedong
maoist	n.	an advocate of Maoism
maoist	adj.	of or relating to Maoism
maori	n.	an ethnic minority of Polynesian and Melanesian descent who speak Maori and live in New Zealand
maori	n.	the Oceanic language spoken by the Maori in New Zealand
map	n.	a diagrammatic representation of the earth's surface (or part of it)
map	n.	(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function)
map	v.	make a map of; show or establish the features of details of
map	v.	explore or survey for the purpose of making a map
map	v.	locate within a specific region of a chromosome in relation to known DNA or gene sequences
map	v.	plan, delineate, or arrange in detail
map	v.	depict as if on a map
map	v.	to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets)
maple	n.	wood of any of various maple trees; especially the hard close-grained wood of the sugar maple; used especially for furniture and flooring
maple	n.	any of numerous trees or shrubs of the genus Acer bearing winged seeds in pairs; north temperate zone
mapped	v.	make a map of; show or establish the features of details of
mapped	v.	explore or survey for the purpose of making a map
mapped	v.	locate within a specific region of a chromosome in relation to known DNA or gene sequences
mapped	v.	plan, delineate, or arrange in detail
mapped	v.	depict as if on a map
mapped	v.	to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets)
mapper	n.	a clerk who marks data on a chart
mapping	n.	(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function) is associated with an element of another set (the range of the function)
mapping	n.	(genetics) the process of locating genes on a chromosome
mapping	v.	make a map of; show or establish the features of details of
mapping	v.	explore or survey for the purpose of making a map
mapping	v.	locate within a specific region of a chromosome in relation to known DNA or gene sequences
mapping	v.	plan, delineate, or arrange in detail
mapping	v.	depict as if on a map
mapping	v.	to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets)
maputo	n.	the capital and largest city of Mozambique
mar	n.	the month following February and preceding April
mar	n.	a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body)
mar	v.	make imperfect
mar	v.	destroy or injure severely
mara	n.	Hindu god of death; opposite of Kama
mara	n.	hare-like rodent of the pampas of Argentina
marabou	n.	large African black-and-white carrion-eating stork; its downy underwing feathers are used to trim garments
marabou	n.	the downy feathers of marabou storks are used for trimming garments
marabout	n.	large African black-and-white carrion-eating stork; its downy underwing feathers are used to trim garments
maraca	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a hollow gourd containing pebbles or beans; often played in pairs
maracaibo	n.	a port city in northwestern Venezuela; a major oil center
maraschino	n.	distilled from fermented juice of bitter wild marasca cherries
maraschino	n.	cherry preserved in true or imitation maraschino liqueur
marat	n.	French revolutionary leader (born in Switzerland) who was a leader in overthrowing the Girondists and was stabbed to death in his bath by Charlotte Corday (1743-1793)
maratha	n.	a member of a people of India living in Maharashtra
marathi	n.	an Indic language; the state language of Maharashtra in west central India; written in the Devanagari script
marathon	n.	any long and arduous undertaking
marathon	n.	a footrace of 26 miles 385 yards
marathon	n.	a battle in 490 BC in which the Athenians and their allies defeated the Persians
marathoner	n.	someone who participates in long-distance races (especially in marathons)
maraud	n.	a sudden short attack
maraud	v.	raid and rove in search of booty
marauder	n.	someone who attacks in search of booty
marble	n.	a hard crystalline metamorphic rock that takes a high polish; used for sculpture and as building material
marble	n.	a small ball of glass that is used in various games
marble	n.	a sculpture carved from marble
marble	v.	paint or stain like marble
marbleize	v.	make something look like marble
marbling	n.	the intermixture of fat and lean in a cut of meat
marbling	v.	paint or stain like marble
marc	n.	made from residue of grapes or apples after pressing
marceau	n.	French mime famous for his sad-faced clown (born in 1923)
marcel	n.	a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curling iron
marcel	v.	make a marcel in a woman's hair
march	n.	the month following February and preceding April
march	n.	the act of marching; walking with regular steps (especially in a procession of some kind)
march	n.	a steady advance
march	n.	a procession of people walking together
march	n.	district consisting of the area on either side of a border or boundary of a country or an area
march	n.	genre of music written for marching
march	n.	a degree granted for the successful completion of advanced study of architecture
march	v.	march in a procession
march	v.	force to march
march	v.	walk fast, with regular or measured steps; walk with a stride
march	v.	march in protest; take part in a demonstration
march	v.	walk ostentatiously
march	v.	cause to march or go at a marching pace
march	v.	lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
marcher	n.	an inhabitant of a border district
marcher	n.	walks with regular or stately step
marcher	n.	fights on foot with small arms
marchioness	n.	the wife or widow of a marquis
marchioness	n.	a noblewoman ranking below a duchess and above a countess
marciano	n.	United States prizefighter who won the world heavyweight championship in 1952 (1924-1969)
marconi	n.	Italian electrical engineer who invented wireless telegraphy and in 1901 transmitted radio signals across the Atlantic Ocean (1874-1937)
marcuse	n.	United States political philosopher (born in Germany) concerned about the dehumanizing effects of capitalism and modern technology (1898-1979)
marduk	n.	the chief Babylonian god; his consort was Sarpanitu
mare	n.	female equine animal
mare	n.	a dark region of considerable extent on the surface of the moon
margarine	n.	a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter
margarita	n.	a cocktail made of tequila and triple sec with lime and lemon juice
marge	n.	a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter
margin	n.	the boundary line or the area immediately inside the boundary
margin	n.	an amount beyond the minimum necessary
margin	n.	the amount of collateral a customer deposits with a broker when borrowing from the broker to buy securities
margin	n.	(finance) the net sales minus the cost of goods and services sold
margin	n.	the blank space that surrounds the text on a page
margin	n.	a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits
marginal	adj.	at or constituting a border or edge
marginal	adj.	of questionable or minimal quality
marginal	adj.	just barely adequate or within a lower limit
marginal	adj.	producing at a rate that barely covers production costs
marginalia	n.	notes written in the margin
marginalization	n.	the social process of becoming or being made marginal (especially as a group within the larger society)
marginalize	v.	relegate to a lower or outer edge, as of specific groups of people
marguerite	n.	tall leafy-stemmed Eurasian perennial with white flowers; widely naturalized; often placed in genus Chrysanthemum
marguerite	n.	perennial subshrub of the Canary Islands having usually pale yellow daisylike flowers; often included in genus Chrysanthemum
mari	n.	a member of a rural Finnish people living in eastern Russia
mari	n.	the Finnic language spoken by the Cheremis
maria	n.	a dark region of considerable extent on the surface of the moon
maria	n.	valuable timber tree of Panama
mariachi	n.	a group of street musicians in Mexico
marian	adj.	of or relating to or venerating the Virgin Mary
marianas	n.	a chain of coral and volcanic islands in Micronesia (including Guam and the Northern Marianas) halfway between New Guinea and Japan; discovered by Magellan in 1521
marigold	n.	any of various tropical American plants of the genus Tagetes widely cultivated for their showy yellow or orange flowers
marijuana	n.	a strong-smelling plant from whose dried leaves a number of euphoriant and hallucinogenic drugs are prepared
marijuana	n.	the most commonly used illicit drug; considered a soft drug, it consists of the dried leaves of the hemp plant; smoked or chewed for euphoric effect
marimba	n.	a percussion instrument with wooden bars tuned to produce a chromatic scale and with resonators; played with small mallets
marina	n.	a fancy dock for small yachts and cabin cruisers
marinade	n.	mixtures of vinegar or wine and oil with various spices and seasonings; used for soaking foods before cooking
marinade	v.	soak in marinade
marinara	n.	sauce for pasta; contains tomatoes and garlic and herbs
marinate	v.	soak in marinade
marine	n.	a member of the United States Marine Corps
marine	n.	a soldier who serves both on shipboard and on land
marine	adj.	of or relating to the sea
marine	adj.	relating to or involving ships or shipping or navigation or seamen
marine	adj.	of or relating to military personnel who serve both on land and at sea (specifically the U.S. Marine Corps)
marine	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or occurring on or in the sea
marine	adj.	native to or inhabiting the sea
mariner	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
marionette	n.	a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer
maris	n.	a member of a rural Finnish people living in eastern Russia
maris	n.	the Finnic language spoken by the Cheremis
marital	adj.	of or relating to the state of marriage
maritime	adj.	relating to or involving ships or shipping or navigation or seamen
maritime	adj.	bordering on or living or characteristic of those near the sea
marjoram	n.	aromatic Eurasian perennial
marjoram	n.	pungent leaves used as seasoning with meats and fowl and in stews and soups and omelets
mark	n.	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance)
mark	n.	a distinguishing symbol
mark	n.	a reference point to shoot at
mark	n.	a visible indication made on a surface
mark	n.	the impression created by doing something unusual or extraordinary that people notice and remember
mark	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
mark	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Germany
mark	n.	Apostle and companion of Saint Peter; assumed to be the author of the second Gospel
mark	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
mark	n.	a written or printed symbol (as for punctuation)
mark	n.	a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened)
mark	n.	the shortest of the four Gospels in the New Testament
mark	n.	an indication of damage
mark	n.	a marking that consists of lines that cross each other
mark	n.	something that exactly succeeds in achieving its goal
mark	v.	attach a tag or label to
mark	v.	designate as if by a mark
mark	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
mark	v.	mark by some ceremony or observation
mark	v.	make or leave a mark on
mark	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
mark	v.	notice or perceive
mark	v.	mark with a scar
mark	v.	make small marks into the surface of
mark	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
mark	v.	make underscoring marks
mark	v.	remove from a list
mark	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
mark	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
mark	v.	insert punctuation marks into
marked	v.	attach a tag or label to
marked	v.	designate as if by a mark
marked	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
marked	v.	mark by some ceremony or observation
marked	v.	make or leave a mark on
marked	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
marked	v.	notice or perceive
marked	v.	mark with a scar
marked	v.	make small marks into the surface of
marked	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
marked	v.	make underscoring marks
marked	v.	remove from a list
marked	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
marked	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
marked	v.	insert punctuation marks into
marked	adj.	strongly marked; easily noticeable
marked	adj.	singled out for notice or especially for a dire fate
marked	adj.	having or as if having an identifying mark or a mark as specified; often used in combination
markedly	adv.	in a clearly noticeable manner
marker	n.	some conspicuous object used to distinguish or mark something
marker	n.	a distinguishing symbol
marker	n.	a writing implement for making a mark
market	n.	the world of commercial activity where goods and services are bought and sold
market	n.	the customers for a particular product or service
market	n.	a marketplace where groceries are sold
market	n.	the securities markets in the aggregate
market	n.	an area in a town where a public mercantile establishment is set up
market	v.	engage in the commercial promotion, sale, or distribution of
market	v.	buy household supplies
market	v.	deal in a market
market	v.	make commercial
marketable	adj.	being in demand by especially employers
marketable	adj.	fit to be offered for sale
marketable	adj.	capable of being marketed
marketer	n.	someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money
marketing	n.	the exchange of goods for an agreed sum of money
marketing	n.	the commercial processes involved in promoting and selling and distributing a product or service
marketing	n.	shopping at a market
marketing	v.	engage in the commercial promotion, sale, or distribution of
marketing	v.	buy household supplies
marketing	v.	deal in a market
marketing	v.	make commercial
marketplace	n.	the world of commercial activity where goods and services are bought and sold
marketplace	n.	an area in a town where a public mercantile establishment is set up
marking	n.	a distinguishing symbol
marking	n.	a pattern of marks
marking	n.	evaluation of performance by assigning a grade or score
marking	n.	the act of making a visible mark on a surface
marking	v.	attach a tag or label to
marking	v.	designate as if by a mark
marking	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
marking	v.	mark by some ceremony or observation
marking	v.	make or leave a mark on
marking	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
marking	v.	notice or perceive
marking	v.	mark with a scar
marking	v.	make small marks into the surface of
marking	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
marking	v.	make underscoring marks
marking	v.	remove from a list
marking	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
marking	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
marking	v.	insert punctuation marks into
markka	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Finland
markkaa	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Finland
markov	n.	Russian mathematician (1856-1922)
marks	n.	English businessman who created a retail chain (1888-1964)
marks	n.	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance)
marks	n.	a distinguishing symbol
marks	n.	a reference point to shoot at
marks	n.	a visible indication made on a surface
marks	n.	the impression created by doing something unusual or extraordinary that people notice and remember
marks	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
marks	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Germany
marks	n.	Apostle and companion of Saint Peter; assumed to be the author of the second Gospel
marks	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
marks	n.	a written or printed symbol (as for punctuation)
marks	n.	a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened)
marks	n.	the shortest of the four Gospels in the New Testament
marks	n.	an indication of damage
marks	n.	a marking that consists of lines that cross each other
marks	n.	something that exactly succeeds in achieving its goal
marks	v.	attach a tag or label to
marks	v.	designate as if by a mark
marks	v.	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense
marks	v.	mark by some ceremony or observation
marks	v.	make or leave a mark on
marks	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
marks	v.	notice or perceive
marks	v.	mark with a scar
marks	v.	make small marks into the surface of
marks	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
marks	v.	make underscoring marks
marks	v.	remove from a list
marks	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
marks	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
marks	v.	insert punctuation marks into
marksman	n.	someone skilled in shooting
marksmanship	n.	skill in shooting
marksmen	n.	someone skilled in shooting
markup	n.	the amount added to the cost to determine the asking price
markup	n.	detailed stylistic instructions for typesetting something that is to be printed; manual markup is usually written on the copy (e.g. underlining words that are to be set in italics)
marl	n.	a loose and crumbling earthy deposit consisting mainly of calcite or dolomite; used as a fertilizer for soils deficient in lime
marley	n.	Jamaican singer who popularized reggae (1945-1981)
marlin	n.	large long-jawed oceanic sport fishes; related to sailfishes and spearfishes; not completely cold-blooded i.e. able to warm their brains and eyes
marlinespike	n.	a pointed iron hand tool that is used to separate strands of a rope or cable (as in splicing)
marlowe	n.	English poet and playwright who introduced blank verse as a form of dramatic expression; was stabbed to death in a tavern brawl (1564-1593)
marlowe	n.	tough cynical detective (one of the early detective heroes in American fiction) created by Raymond Chandler
marmalade	n.	a preserve made of the pulp and rind of citrus fruits
marmara	n.	an inland sea in northwestern Turkey; linked to the Black Sea by the Bosporus and linked to the Aegean by the Dardanelles
marmoreal	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of marble
marmoset	n.	small soft-furred South American and Central American monkey with claws instead of nails
marmot	n.	stocky coarse-furred burrowing rodent with a short bushy tail found throughout the northern hemisphere; hibernates in winter
maroon	n.	a person who is stranded (as on an island)
maroon	n.	a dark purplish-red to dark brownish-red color
maroon	n.	an exploding firework used as a warning signal
maroon	v.	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue
maroon	v.	leave stranded on a desert island without resources
maroon	adj.	of dark brownish to purplish red
marque	n.	a name given to a product or service
marquee	n.	large and often sumptuous tent
marquee	n.	permanent canopy over an entrance of a hotel etc.
marquess	n.	nobleman (in various countries) ranking above a count
marquess	n.	a British peer ranking below a duke and above an earl
marquetry	n.	inlaid veneers are fitted together to form a design or picture that is then used to ornament furniture
marquette	n.	French missionary who accompanied Louis Joliet in exploring the upper Mississippi River valley (1637-1675)
marquette	n.	a town on Lake Superior on the Upper Peninsula in northwest Michigan
marquis	n.	humorist who wrote about the imaginary life of cockroaches (1878-1937)
marquis	n.	nobleman (in various countries) ranking above a count
marquise	n.	a noblewoman ranking below a duchess and above a countess
marquise	n.	permanent canopy over an entrance of a hotel etc.
marrakesh	n.	a city in western Morocco; tourist center
marred	v.	make imperfect
marred	v.	destroy or injure severely
marred	adj.	blemished by injury or rough wear
marriage	n.	the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce)
marriage	n.	two people who are married to each other
marriage	n.	the act of marrying; the nuptial ceremony
marriage	n.	a close and intimate union
marriageability	n.	eligibility for marriage
marriageable	adj.	of girls or women who are eligible to marry
married	n.	a person who is married
married	v.	take in marriage
married	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
married	adj.	joined in matrimony
married	adj.	of or relating to the state of marriage
marring	v.	make imperfect
marring	v.	destroy or injure severely
marrow	n.	the fatty network of connective tissue that fills the cavities of bones
marrow	n.	any of various squash plants grown for their elongated fruit with smooth dark green skin and whitish flesh
marrow	n.	very tender and very nutritious tissue from marrowbones
marrow	n.	large elongated squash with creamy to deep green skins
marrow	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
marry	v.	take in marriage
marry	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
mars	n.	a small reddish planet that is the 4th from the sun and is periodically visible to the naked eye; minerals rich in iron cover its surface and are responsible for its characteristic color
mars	n.	(Roman mythology) Roman god of war and agriculture; father of Romulus and Remus; counterpart of Greek Ares
mars	n.	the month following February and preceding April
mars	n.	a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body)
mars	v.	make imperfect
mars	v.	destroy or injure severely
marsala	n.	dark sweet or semisweet dessert wine from Sicily
marseillaise	n.	the French national anthem
marseilles	n.	a port city in southeastern France on the Mediterranean
marseilles	n.	strong cotton fabric with a raised pattern; used for bedspreads
marsh	n.	low-lying wet land with grassy vegetation; usually is a transition zone between land and water
marsh	n.	United States painter (1898-1954)
marsh	n.	New Zealand writer of detective stories (1899-1982)
marshal	n.	a law officer having duties similar to those of a sheriff in carrying out the judgments of a court of law
marshal	n.	(in some countries) a military officer of highest rank
marshal	v.	place in proper rank
marshal	v.	arrange in logical order
marshal	v.	make ready for action or use
marshal	v.	lead ceremoniously, as in a procession
marshall	n.	United States actor (1914-1998)
marshall	n.	United States general and statesman who as Secretary of State organized the European Recovery Program (1880-1959)
marshall	n.	United States jurist; as chief justice of the Supreme Court he established the principles of United States constitutional law (1755-1835)
marshall	n.	(in some countries) a military officer of highest rank
marshall	n.	a law officer having duties similar to those of a sheriff in carrying out the judgments of a court of law
marshland	n.	low-lying wet land with grassy vegetation; usually is a transition zone between land and water
marshmallow	n.	spongy confection made of gelatin and sugar and corn syrup and dusted with powdered sugar
marshy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
marsupial	n.	mammals of which the females have a pouch (the marsupium) containing the teats where the young are fed and carried
marsupial	adj.	of or relating to the marsupials
mart	n.	an area in a town where a public mercantile establishment is set up
marten	n.	agile slender-bodied arboreal mustelids somewhat larger than weasels
martensite	n.	a solid solution of carbon in alpha-iron that is formed when steel is cooled so rapidly that the change from austenite to pearlite is suppressed; responsible for the hardness of quenched steel
martial	n.	Roman poet noted for epigrams (first century BC)
martial	adj.	(of persons) befitting a warrior
martial	adj.	suggesting war or military life
martial	adj.	of or relating to the armed forces
martian	n.	imaginary people who live on the planet Mars
martian	adj.	of or relating to the planet Mars (or its fictional inhabitants)
martin	n.	French bishop who is a patron saint of France (died in 397)
martin	n.	United States actor and comedian (born in 1945)
martin	n.	United States actress (1913-1990)
martin	n.	United States singer (1917-1995)
martin	n.	any of various swallows with squarish or slightly forked tail and long pointed wings; migrate around Martinmas
martinet	n.	someone who demands exact conformity to rules and forms
martingale	n.	a harness strap that connects the nose piece to the girth; prevents the horse from throwing back its head
martingale	n.	spar under the bowsprit of a sailboat
martini	n.	a cocktail made of gin (or vodka) with dry vermouth
martinique	n.	an island in the eastern Caribbean in the Windward Islands; administered as an overseas region of France
martyr	n.	one who suffers for the sake of principle
martyr	n.	one who voluntarily suffers death as the penalty for refusing to renounce their religion
martyr	v.	kill as a martyr
martyr	v.	torture and torment like a martyr
martyrdom	n.	death that is imposed because of the person's adherence of a religious faith or cause
martyrdom	n.	any experience that causes intense suffering
marvel	n.	something that causes feelings of wonder
marvel	v.	be amazed at
marvel	v.	express astonishment or surprise about something
marvell	n.	English poet (1621-1678)
marvelous	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
marvelous	adj.	too improbable to admit of belief
marvelous	adj.	being or having the character of a miracle
marx	n.	United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together (1901-1979)
marx	n.	United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together (1893-1964)
marx	n.	United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together (1891-1961)
marx	n.	United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together (1890-1977)
marx	n.	founder of modern communism; wrote the Communist Manifesto with Engels in 1848; wrote Das Kapital in 1867 (1818-1883)
marxism	n.	the economic and political theories of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels that hold that human actions and institutions are economically determined and that class struggle is needed to create historical change and that capitalism will ultimately be superseded by communism
marxist	n.	an advocate of Marxism
marxist	n.	emotionally charged terms used to refer to extreme radicals or revolutionaries
marxist	adj.	following the ideas of Marx and Engels
mary	n.	the mother of Jesus; Christians refer to her as the Virgin Mary; she is especially honored by Roman Catholics
maryland	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
maryland	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
marylander	n.	a native or resident of Maryland
marzipan	n.	almond paste and egg whites
masai	n.	a Nilotic language
mascara	n.	makeup that is used to darken and thicken the eye lashes
mascot	n.	a person or animal that is adopted by a team or other group as a symbolic figure
masculine	n.	a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to males or to objects classified as male
masculine	adj.	of grammatical gender
masculine	adj.	associated with men and not with women
masculine	adj.	(music or poetry) ending on an accented beat or syllable
masculinity	n.	the properties characteristic of the male sex
masculinity	n.	the trait of behaving in ways considered typical for men
masefield	n.	English poet (1878-1967)
maser	n.	an acronym for microwave amplification by stimulated emission of radiation; an amplifier that works on the same principle as a laser and emits coherent microwave radiation
maseru	n.	the capital of Lesotho; located in northwestern Lesotho
mash	n.	a mixture of mashed malt grains and hot water; used in brewing
mash	n.	mixture of ground animal feeds
mash	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
mash	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
mash	v.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading
masher	n.	a man who is aggressive in making amorous advances to women
masher	n.	a kitchen utensil used for mashing (e.g. potatoes)
mashhad	n.	the holy city of Shiite Muslims; located in northeastern Iran
mask	n.	a covering to disguise or conceal the face
mask	n.	activity that tries to conceal something
mask	n.	a party of guests wearing costumes and masks
mask	n.	a protective covering worn over the face
mask	v.	hide under a false appearance
mask	v.	put a mask on or cover with a mask
mask	v.	make unrecognizable
mask	v.	cover with a sauce
mask	v.	shield from light
masker	n.	a participant in a masquerade
masochism	n.	sexual pleasure obtained from receiving punishment (physical or psychological)
masochist	n.	someone who obtains pleasure from receiving punishment
masochistic	adj.	deriving pleasure or sexual gratification from being abused or dominated
masochistically	adv.	in a masochistic manner
mason	n.	American Revolutionary leader from Virginia whose objections led to the drafting of the Bill of Rights (1725-1792)
mason	n.	English film actor (1909-1984)
mason	n.	English writer (1865-1948)
mason	n.	a craftsman who works with stone or brick
mason	n.	a member of a widespread secret fraternal order pledged to mutual assistance and brotherly love
masonic	adj.	of or relating to stonemasons or masonry
masonic	adj.	of or relating to Freemasons or Freemasonry
masonite	n.	a type of fiberboard
masonry	n.	structure built of stone or brick by a mason
masonry	n.	Freemasons collectively
masonry	n.	the craft of a mason
masque	n.	a party of guests wearing costumes and masks
masquerade	n.	a party of guests wearing costumes and masks
masquerade	n.	a costume worn as a disguise at a masquerade party
masquerade	n.	making a false outward show
masquerade	v.	take part in a masquerade
masquerade	v.	pretend to be someone or something that you are not
masquerader	n.	a participant in a masquerade
mass	n.	the property of a body that causes it to have weight in a gravitational field
mass	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
mass	n.	an ill-structured collection of similar things (objects or people)
mass	n.	(Roman Catholic Church and Protestant Churches) the celebration of the Eucharist
mass	n.	a body of matter without definite shape
mass	n.	the common people generally
mass	n.	the property of something that is great in magnitude
mass	n.	a musical setting for a Mass
mass	n.	a sequence of prayers constituting the Christian Eucharistic rite
mass	v.	join together into a mass or collect or form a mass
mass	adj.	formed of separate units gathered into a mass or whole
massachusetts	n.	a state in New England; one of the original 13 colonies
massachusetts	n.	a member of the Algonquian people who formerly lived around Massachusetts Bay
massachusetts	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
massachusetts	n.	the Algonquian language of the Massachuset
massacre	n.	the savage and excessive killing of many people
massacre	v.	kill a large number of people indiscriminately
massage	n.	kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote relaxation
massage	v.	manually manipulate (someone's body), usually for medicinal or relaxation purposes
massage	v.	give a massage to
massasoit	n.	Wampanoag leader who aided the Pilgrims (1580-1661)
massenet	n.	French composer best remembered for his pop operas (1842-1912)
masseur	n.	a male massager
masseuse	n.	a female massager
massif	n.	a block of the earth's crust bounded by faults and shifted to form peaks of a mountain range
massive	adj.	imposing in size or bulk or solidity
massive	adj.	being the same substance throughout
massive	adj.	imposing in scale or scope or degree or power
massive	adj.	consisting of great mass; containing a great quantity of matter
massiveness	n.	an unwieldy largeness
massiveness	n.	the property of being large in mass
mast	n.	a vertical spar for supporting sails
mast	n.	nuts of forest trees (as beechnuts and acorns) accumulated on the ground
mast	n.	nuts of forest trees used as feed for swine
mast	n.	any sturdy upright pole
mastectomy	n.	surgical removal of a breast to remove a malignant tumor
master	n.	an artist of consummate skill
master	n.	a person who has general authority over others
master	n.	a combatant who is able to defeat rivals
master	n.	directs the work of others
master	n.	presiding officer of a school
master	n.	an original creation (i.e., an audio recording) from which copies can be made
master	n.	an officer who is licensed to command a merchant ship
master	n.	someone who holds a master's degree from academic institution
master	n.	an authority qualified to teach apprentices
master	n.	key that secures entrance everywhere
master	v.	be or become completely proficient or skilled in
master	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
master	v.	have dominance or the power to defeat over
master	v.	have a firm understanding or knowledge of; be on top of
master	adj.	most important element
masterful	adj.	having or revealing supreme mastery or skill
masterly	adj.	having or revealing supreme mastery or skill
mastermind	n.	someone who creates new things
mastermind	n.	someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality
mastermind	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
masterpiece	n.	the most outstanding work of a creative artist or craftsman
masterpiece	n.	an outstanding achievement
masters	n.	United States poet (1869-1950)
masters	n.	an artist of consummate skill
masters	n.	a person who has general authority over others
masters	n.	a combatant who is able to defeat rivals
masters	n.	directs the work of others
masters	n.	presiding officer of a school
masters	n.	an original creation (i.e., an audio recording) from which copies can be made
masters	n.	an officer who is licensed to command a merchant ship
masters	n.	someone who holds a master's degree from academic institution
masters	n.	an authority qualified to teach apprentices
masters	n.	key that secures entrance everywhere
masters	v.	be or become completely proficient or skilled in
masters	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
masters	v.	have dominance or the power to defeat over
masters	v.	have a firm understanding or knowledge of; be on top of
masterstroke	n.	an achievement demonstrating great skill or mastery
mastery	n.	great skillfulness and knowledge of some subject or activity
mastery	n.	power to dominate or defeat
mastery	n.	the act of mastering or subordinating someone
masthead	n.	a listing printed in all issues of a newspaper or magazine (usually on the editorial page) that gives the name of the publication and the names of the editorial staff, etc.
masthead	n.	the title of a newspaper or magazine; usually printed on the front page and on the editorial page
masthead	n.	the head or top of a mast
mastic	n.	an aromatic exudate from the mastic tree; used chiefly in varnishes
mastic	n.	a pasty cement used as an adhesive or filler
mastic	n.	an evergreen shrub of the Mediterranean region that is cultivated for its resin
masticate	v.	grind and knead
masticate	v.	chew (food); to bite and grind with the teeth
mastication	n.	biting and grinding food in your mouth so it becomes soft enough to swallow
mastiff	n.	an old breed of powerful deep-chested smooth-coated dog used chiefly as a watchdog and guard dog
mastitis	n.	inflammation of a breast (or udder)
mastodon	n.	extinct elephant-like mammal that flourished worldwide from Miocene through Pleistocene times; differ from mammoths in the form of the molar teeth
mastoid	n.	process of the temporal bone behind the ear at the base of the skull
mastoid	adj.	of or relating to or in the region of the mastoid process
mastoid	adj.	relating to or resembling a nipple
masturbate	v.	stimulate sexually
masturbate	v.	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
masturbation	n.	manual stimulation of the genital organs (of yourself or another) for sexual pleasure
mat	n.	a thick flat pad used as a floor covering
mat	n.	mounting consisting of a border or background for a picture
mat	n.	sports equipment consisting of a piece of thick padding on the floor for gymnastic sports
mat	n.	a mass that is densely tangled or interwoven
mat	n.	a master's degree in teaching
mat	n.	the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss
mat	n.	a small pad of material that is used to protect surface from an object placed on it
mat	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
mat	v.	change texture so as to become matted and felt-like
mat	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
matador	n.	the principal bullfighter who is appointed to make the final passes and kill the bull
match	n.	lighter consisting of a thin piece of wood or cardboard tipped with combustible chemical; ignites with friction
match	n.	a formal contest in which two or more persons or teams compete
match	n.	a burning piece of wood or cardboard
match	n.	an exact duplicate
match	n.	the score needed to win a match
match	n.	a person regarded as a good matrimonial prospect
match	n.	a person who is of equal standing with another in a group
match	n.	a pair of people who live together
match	n.	something that resembles or harmonizes with
match	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
match	v.	provide funds complementary to
match	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
match	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
match	v.	make correspond or harmonize
match	v.	satisfy or fulfill
match	v.	give or join in marriage
match	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
match	v.	be equal or harmonize
match	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
matchbook	n.	a small folder of paper safety matches
matchbox	n.	a box for holding matches
matched	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
matched	v.	provide funds complementary to
matched	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
matched	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
matched	v.	make correspond or harmonize
matched	v.	satisfy or fulfill
matched	v.	give or join in marriage
matched	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
matched	v.	be equal or harmonize
matched	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
matched	adj.	provided with a worthy adversary or competitor
matched	adj.	going well together; possessing harmonizing qualities
matching	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
matching	v.	provide funds complementary to
matching	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
matching	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
matching	v.	make correspond or harmonize
matching	v.	satisfy or fulfill
matching	v.	give or join in marriage
matching	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
matching	v.	be equal or harmonize
matching	v.	make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
matching	adj.	being two identical
matching	adj.	intentionally matched
matchless	adj.	eminent beyond or above comparison
matchlock	n.	an early style of musket; a slow-burning wick would be lowered into a hole in the breech to ignite the charge
matchmaker	n.	someone who arranges (or tries to arrange) marriages for others
matchmaking	n.	mediation in order to bring about a marriage between others
matchstick	n.	a short thin stick of wood used in making matches
matchwood	n.	wood in small pieces or splinters
matchwood	n.	wood suitable for making matchsticks
matchwood	n.	fragments of wood
mate	n.	the officer below the master on a commercial ship
mate	n.	a fellow member of a team
mate	n.	the partner of an animal (especially a sexual partner)
mate	n.	a person's partner in marriage
mate	n.	an exact duplicate
mate	n.	one of a pair
mate	n.	South American holly; leaves used in making a drink like tea
mate	n.	informal term for a friend of the same sex
mate	n.	South American tea-like drink made from leaves of a South American holly called mate
mate	n.	a chess move constituting an inescapable and indefensible attack on the opponent's king
mate	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
mate	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
mate	v.	place an opponent's king under an attack from which it cannot escape and thus ending the game
material	n.	the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object
material	n.	information (data or ideas or observations) that can be used or reworked into a finished form
material	n.	artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers
material	n.	things needed for doing or making something
material	n.	a person judged suitable for admission or employment
material	adj.	concerned with worldly rather than spiritual interests
material	adj.	derived from or composed of matter
material	adj.	directly relevant to a matter especially a law case
material	adj.	concerned with or affecting physical as distinct from intellectual or psychological well-being; ; - T.Roosevelt
material	adj.	having material or physical form or substance;  - Benjamin Jowett
material	adj.	having substance or capable of being treated as fact; not imaginary; ; ; - Shakespeare
materialism	n.	a desire for wealth and material possessions with little interest in ethical or spiritual matters
materialism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical theory that matter is the only reality
materialist	n.	someone with great regard for material possessions
materialist	n.	someone who thinks that nothing exists but physical matter
materialistic	adj.	marked by materialism
materialistic	adj.	conforming to the standards and conventions of the middle class
materialistically	adv.	in a materialistic manner
materialization	n.	the process of coming into being; becoming reality
materialization	n.	an appearance in bodily form (as of a disembodied spirit)
materialization	n.	something that comes into existence as a result
materialize	v.	come into being; become reality
materiel	n.	equipment and supplies of a military force
maternal	adj.	characteristic of a mother; - Dorothy Sayers
maternal	adj.	relating to or derived from one's mother
maternal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or befitting a parent
maternal	adj.	related on the mother's side
maternity	n.	the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman carries a developing fetus in her uterus
maternity	n.	the kinship relation between an offspring and the mother
maternity	n.	the quality of having or showing the tenderness and warmth and affection of or befitting a mother
matey	adj.	(used colloquially) having the relationship of friends or pals
mathematical	adj.	of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics
mathematical	adj.	relating to or having ability to think in or work with numbers
mathematical	adj.	beyond question
mathematical	adj.	statistically possible though highly improbable
mathematical	adj.	characterized by the exactness or precision of mathematics
mathematician	n.	a person skilled in mathematics
mathematics	n.	a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement
mathias	n.	United States athlete who won Olympic gold medals in the decathlon (born in 1930)
matinee	n.	a theatrical performance held during the daytime (especially in the afternoon)
mating	n.	the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes
mating	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
mating	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
mating	v.	place an opponent's king under an attack from which it cannot escape and thus ending the game
mating	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
mating	v.	change texture so as to become matted and felt-like
matins	n.	the first canonical hour; at daybreak
matisse	n.	French painter and sculptor; leading figure of fauvism (1869-1954)
matriarch	n.	a female head of a family or tribe
matriarch	n.	a feisty older woman with a big bosom (as drawn in cartoons)
matriarchal	adj.	characteristic of a matriarchy
matriarchs	n.	a female head of a family or tribe
matriarchs	n.	a feisty older woman with a big bosom (as drawn in cartoons)
matriarchy	n.	a form of social organization in which a female is the family head and title is traced through the female line
matrices	n.	(mathematics) a rectangular array of quantities or expressions set out by rows and columns; treated as a single element and manipulated according to rules
matrices	n.	(geology) amass of fine-grained rock in which fossils, crystals, or gems are embedded
matrices	n.	an enclosure within which something originates or develops (from the Latin for womb)
matrices	n.	the body substance in which tissue cells are embedded
matrices	n.	the formative tissue at the base of a nail
matrices	n.	mold used in the production of phonograph records, type, or other relief surface
matricide	n.	a person who murders their mother
matricide	n.	the murder of your mother
matriculate	n.	someone who has been admitted to a college or university
matriculate	v.	enroll as a student
matriculation	n.	admission to a group (especially a college or university)
matrimonial	adj.	of or relating to the state of marriage
matrimony	n.	the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce)
matrimony	n.	the ceremony or sacrament of marriage
matrix	n.	(mathematics) a rectangular array of quantities or expressions set out by rows and columns; treated as a single element and manipulated according to rules
matrix	n.	(geology) amass of fine-grained rock in which fossils, crystals, or gems are embedded
matrix	n.	an enclosure within which something originates or develops (from the Latin for womb)
matrix	n.	the body substance in which tissue cells are embedded
matrix	n.	the formative tissue at the base of a nail
matrix	n.	mold used in the production of phonograph records, type, or other relief surface
matron	n.	a married woman (usually middle-aged with children) who is staid and dignified
matron	n.	a wardress in a prison
matron	n.	a woman in charge of nursing in a medical institution
matt	n.	the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss
matt	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
matte	n.	a mixture of sulfides that forms when sulfide metal ores are smelted
matte	n.	the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss
matte	v.	change texture so as to become matted and felt-like
matte	adj.	not reflecting light; not glossy
matter	n.	a vaguely specified concern
matter	n.	some situation or event that is thought about
matter	n.	that which has mass and occupies space
matter	n.	a problem
matter	n.	(used with negation) having consequence
matter	n.	written works (especially in books or magazines)
matter	v.	have weight; have import, carry weight
matterhorn	n.	a mountain in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy (14,780 feet high); noted for its distinctive shape
matthew	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; traditionally considered to be the author of the first Gospel
matthew	n.	one of the Gospels in the New Testament; includes the Sermon on the Mount
matthews	n.	(New Testament) disciple of Jesus; traditionally considered to be the author of the first Gospel
matthews	n.	one of the Gospels in the New Testament; includes the Sermon on the Mount
matting	n.	a covering of coarse fabric (usually of straw or hemp)
matting	n.	mounting consisting of a border or background for a picture
matting	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
matting	v.	change texture so as to become matted and felt-like
mattock	n.	a kind of pick that is used for digging; has a flat blade set at right angles to the handle
mattress	n.	a large thick pad filled with resilient material and often incorporating coiled springs, used as a bed or part of a bed
maturate	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
maturate	v.	grow old or older
maturate	v.	ripen and generate pus
maturation	n.	coming to full development; becoming mature
maturation	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
maturation	n.	(medicine) the formation of morbific matter in an abscess or a vesicle and the discharge of pus
mature	v.	develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation
mature	v.	develop and work out fully in one's mind
mature	v.	become due for repayment
mature	v.	cause to ripen or develop fully
mature	v.	grow old or older
mature	v.	cause to ripen and discharge pus
mature	adj.	characteristic of maturity
mature	adj.	fully considered and perfected
mature	adj.	having reached full natural growth or development
mature	adj.	fully developed or matured and ready to be eaten or used
mature	adj.	(of birds) having developed feathers or plumage; often used in combination
maturity	n.	the period of time in your life after your physical growth has stopped and you are fully developed
maturity	n.	state of being mature; full development
maturity	n.	the date on which an obligation must be repaid
matzo	n.	brittle flat bread eaten at Passover
matzoh	n.	brittle flat bread eaten at Passover
matzohs	n.	brittle flat bread eaten at Passover
maudlin	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
maugham	n.	English writer (born in France) of novels and short stories (1874-1965)
maui	n.	the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands
maul	n.	a heavy long-handled hammer used to drive stakes or wedges
maul	v.	split (wood) with a maul and wedges
maul	v.	injure badly by beating
mauldin	n.	United States cartoonist noted for his drawings of soldiers in battle (1921-2003)
mauler	n.	a fighter who batters the opponent
maunder	v.	wander aimlessly
maunder	v.	talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
maunder	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
maupassant	n.	French writer noted especially for his short stories (1850-1893)
mauriac	n.	French novelist who wrote about the conflict between desire and religious belief (1885-1970)
mauritania	n.	a country in northwestern Africa with a provisional military government; achieved independence from France in 1960; largely western Sahara Desert
mauritanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Mauritania
mauritanian	adj.	of or related to the island or country of Mauritius or its inhabitants
mauritian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Mauritius
mauritian	adj.	of or related to the island or country of Mauritius or its inhabitants
mauritius	n.	a parliamentary state on the island of Mauritius
mauritius	n.	an island in the southwestern Indian Ocean
maurois	n.	French writer best known for his biographies (1885-1967)
mauser	n.	German arms manufacturer and inventor of a repeating rifle and pistol (1838-1914)
mauser	n.	trademark for a repeating rifle or pistol
mausoleum	n.	a large burial chamber, usually above ground
mauve	n.	a moderate purple
mauve	adj.	of a pale to moderate greyish violet color
maven	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
maverick	n.	someone who exhibits great independence in thought and action
maverick	n.	an unbranded range animal (especially a stray calf); belongs to the first person who puts a brand on it
maverick	adj.	independent in behavior or thought
mavis	n.	common Old World thrush noted for its song
maw	n.	informal terms for the mouth
mawkish	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
mawkishness	n.	insincere pathos
mawkishness	n.	falsely emotional in a maudlin way
max	n.	street names for gamma hydroxybutyrate
maxi	n.	a long skirt ending below the calf
maxi	adj.	used of women's clothing having a hemline at the ankle
maxilla	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is fused to the cranium
maxillae	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is fused to the cranium
maxillary	n.	the jaw in vertebrates that is fused to the cranium
maxillary	adj.	of or relating to the upper jaw
maxim	n.	a saying that is widely accepted on its own merits
maxim	n.	English inventor (born in the United States) who invented the Maxim gun that was used in World War I (1840-1916)
maxima	n.	the largest possible quantity
maxima	n.	the greatest possible degree
maxima	n.	the point on a curve where the tangent changes from positive on the left to negative on the right
maximal	adj.	the greatest or most complete or best possible
maximization	n.	the mathematical process of finding the maximum value of a function
maximization	n.	the act of raising to the highest possible point or condition or position
maximize	v.	make as big or large as possible
maximize	v.	make the most of
maximum	n.	the largest possible quantity
maximum	n.	the greatest possible degree
maximum	n.	the point on a curve where the tangent changes from positive on the left to negative on the right
maximum	adj.	the greatest or most complete or best possible
maxwell	n.	a cgs unit of magnetic flux equal to the flux perpendicular to an area of 1 square centimeter in a magnetic field of 1 gauss
maxwell	n.	Scottish physicist whose equations unified electricity and magnetism and who recognized the electromagnetic nature of light (1831-1879)
may	n.	the month following April and preceding June
may	n.	thorny Eurasian shrub of small tree having dense clusters of white to scarlet flowers followed by deep red berries; established as an escape in eastern North America
maya	n.	a member of an American Indian people of Yucatan and Belize and Guatemala who had a culture (which reached its peak between AD 300 and 900) characterized by outstanding architecture and pottery and astronomy
maya	n.	a family of American Indian languages spoken by Maya
mayan	n.	a member of an American Indian people of Yucatan and Belize and Guatemala who had a culture (which reached its peak between AD 300 and 900) characterized by outstanding architecture and pottery and astronomy
mayan	n.	a family of American Indian languages spoken by Maya
maybe	adv.	by chance
mayday	n.	an internationally recognized distress signal via radiotelephone (from the French m'aider)
mayer	n.	United States physicist (born in Germany) noted for her research on the structure of the atom (1906-1972)
mayer	n.	United States filmmaker (born in Russia) who founded his own film company and later merged with Samuel Goldwyn (1885-1957)
mayflower	n.	the ship in which the Pilgrim Fathers sailed from England to Massachusetts in 1620
mayflower	n.	low-growing evergreen shrub of eastern North America with leathery leaves and clusters of fragrant pink or white flowers
mayfly	n.	slender insect with delicate membranous wings having an aquatic larval stage and terrestrial adult stage usually lasting less than two days
mayhem	n.	the willful and unlawful crippling or mutilation of another person
mayhem	n.	violent and needless disturbance
mayo	n.	egg yolks and oil and vinegar
mayonnaise	n.	egg yolks and oil and vinegar
mayor	n.	the head of a city government
mayoral	adj.	of or relating to a mayor or the office of mayor
mayoralty	n.	the position of mayor
mayoress	n.	the wife of a mayor
mayoress	n.	a woman mayor
maypole	n.	a vertical pole or post decorated with streamers that can be held by dancers celebrating May Day
mays	n.	United States baseball player (born in 1931)
mays	n.	the month following April and preceding June
mays	n.	thorny Eurasian shrub of small tree having dense clusters of white to scarlet flowers followed by deep red berries; established as an escape in eastern North America
mazama	n.	brockets
mazatlan	n.	a port city in western Mexico on the Pacific Ocean; tourist center
maze	n.	complex system of paths or tunnels in which it is easy to get lost
maze	n.	something jumbled or confused
mazurka	n.	music composed for dancing the mazurka
mazurka	n.	a Polish national dance in triple time
mazzini	n.	Italian nationalist whose writings spurred the movement for a unified and independent Italy (1805-1872)
mb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobits or 10^6 (1,000,000) bits
mb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobytes or 10^6 (1,000,000) bytes
mb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes
mb	n.	(a British degree) a bachelor's degree in medicine
mba	n.	a master's degree in business
mbabane	n.	capital of Swaziland; located in northwestern Swaziland
mc	n.	one million periods per second
mcallen	n.	a town in southern Texas on the Rio Grande
mccarthy	n.	United States satirical novelist and literary critic (1912-1989)
mccarthy	n.	United States politician who unscrupulously accused many citizens of being Communists (1908-1957)
mccarthyism	n.	unscrupulously accusing people of disloyalty (as by saying they were Communists)
mccartney	n.	English rock star and bass guitarist and songwriter who with John Lennon wrote most of the music for the Beatles (born in 1942)
mccormick	n.	United States inventor and manufacturer of a mechanical harvester (1809-1884)
mccormick	n.	United States operatic tenor (born in Ireland) (1884-1945)
mcguffey	n.	United States educator who compiled the McGuffey Eclectic Readers (1800-1873)
mcintosh	n.	early-ripening apple popular in the northeastern United States; primarily eaten raw but suitable for applesauce
mckinley	n.	25th President of the United States; was assassinated by an anarchist (1843-1901)
mckinley	n.	a mountain in south central Alaska; the highest peak in North America (20,300 feet high)
mcluhan	n.	Canadian writer noted for his analyses of the mass media (1911-1980)
mcpherson	n.	United States evangelist (born in Canada) noted for her extravagant religious services (1890-1944)
md	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding einsteinium with alpha particles (Md is the current symbol for mendelevium but Mv was formerly the symbol)
md	n.	a licensed medical practitioner
md	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
md	n.	a doctor's degree in medicine
me	n.	a state in New England
mead	n.	United States anthropologist noted for her claims about adolescence and sexual behavior in Polynesian cultures (1901-1978)
mead	n.	United States philosopher of pragmatism (1863-1931)
mead	n.	made of fermented honey and water
meade	n.	English economist noted for his studies of international trade and finance (1907-1995)
meade	n.	United States general in charge of the Union troops at the Battle of Gettysburg (1815-1872)
meadow	n.	a field where grass or alfalfa are grown to be made into hay
meadowlark	n.	North American songbirds having a yellow breast
meadows	n.	a field where grass or alfalfa are grown to be made into hay
meager	adj.	deficient in amount or quality or extent
meagerness	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
meal	n.	the food served and eaten at one time
meal	n.	any of the occasions for eating food that occur by custom or habit at more or less fixed times
meal	n.	coarsely ground foodstuff; especially seeds of various cereal grasses or pulse
mealtime	n.	the hour at which a meal is habitually or customarily eaten
mealy	adj.	containing meal or made of meal
mealy	adj.	composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency
mealybug	n.	scalelike plant-eating insect coated with a powdery waxy secretion; destructive especially of fruit trees
mealymouthed	adj.	hesitant to state facts or opinions simply and directly as from e.g. timidity or hypocrisy
mean	n.	an average of n numbers computed by adding some function of the numbers and dividing by some function of n
mean	v.	mean or intend to express or convey
mean	v.	have as a logical consequence
mean	v.	denote or connote
mean	v.	have in mind as a purpose
mean	v.	have a specified degree of importance
mean	v.	intend to refer to
mean	v.	destine or designate for a certain purpose
mean	adj.	approximating the statistical norm or average or expected value
mean	adj.	characterized by malice
mean	adj.	having or showing an ignoble lack of honor or morality; - Edmund Burke; ; - Shakespeare
mean	adj.	excellent
mean	adj.	marked by poverty befitting a beggar
mean	adj.	(used of persons or behavior) characterized by or indicative of lack of generosity
mean	adj.	(used of sums of money) so small in amount as to deserve contempt
mean	adj.	of no value or worth
meander	n.	a bend or curve, as in a stream or river
meander	n.	an aimless amble on a winding course
meander	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
meanie	n.	a person of mean disposition
meaning	n.	the message that is intended or expressed or signified
meaning	n.	the idea that is intended
meaning	v.	mean or intend to express or convey
meaning	v.	have as a logical consequence
meaning	v.	denote or connote
meaning	v.	have in mind as a purpose
meaning	v.	have a specified degree of importance
meaning	v.	intend to refer to
meaning	v.	destine or designate for a certain purpose
meaning	adj.	rich in significance or implication
meaningful	adj.	having a meaning or purpose
meaningfulness	n.	the quality of having great value or significance
meaningless	adj.	having no meaning or direction or purpose
meaninglessness	n.	a message that seems to convey no meaning
meaninglessness	n.	the quality of having no value or significance
meanness	n.	the quality of being deliberately mean
meanness	n.	extreme stinginess
meant	v.	mean or intend to express or convey
meant	v.	have as a logical consequence
meant	v.	denote or connote
meant	v.	have in mind as a purpose
meant	v.	have a specified degree of importance
meant	v.	intend to refer to
meant	v.	destine or designate for a certain purpose
meantime	n.	the time between one event, process, or period and another
meantime	adv.	during the intervening time
meanwhile	n.	the time between one event, process, or period and another
meanwhile	adv.	at the same time but in another place
meanwhile	adv.	during the intervening time
meany	n.	United States labor leader who was the first president of the AFL-CIO (1894-1980)
meany	n.	a person of mean disposition
measles	n.	an acute and highly contagious viral disease marked by distinct red spots followed by a rash; occurs primarily in children
measly	adj.	contemptibly small in amount
measurable	adj.	capable of being measured
measurable	adj.	of distinguished importance
measurably	adv.	to a measurable degree
measure	n.	any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal
measure	n.	how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify
measure	n.	a statute in draft before it becomes law
measure	n.	the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to a rule
measure	n.	a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated
measure	n.	(prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse
measure	n.	musical notation for a repeating pattern of musical beats
measure	n.	measuring instrument having a sequence of marks at regular intervals; used as a reference in making measurements
measure	n.	a container of some standard capacity that is used to obtain fixed amounts of a substance
measure	v.	determine the measurements of something or somebody, take measurements of
measure	v.	express as a number or measure or quantity
measure	v.	have certain dimensions
measure	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
measured	v.	determine the measurements of something or somebody, take measurements of
measured	v.	express as a number or measure or quantity
measured	v.	have certain dimensions
measured	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
measured	adj.	having notes of fixed rhythmic value
measured	adj.	the rhythmic arrangement of syllables
measured	adj.	carefully thought out in advance
measured	adj.	unhurried and with care and dignity
measureless	adj.	without limits in extent or size or quantity
measurement	n.	the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to a rule
meat	n.	the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food
meat	n.	the inner and usually edible part of a seed or grain or nut or fruit stone
meat	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
meatball	n.	ground meat formed into a ball and fried or simmered in broth
meatless	adj.	lacking meat
meatloaf	n.	a baked loaf of ground meat
meatloaves	n.	a baked loaf of ground meat
meatpacking	n.	wholesale packaging of meat for future sale (including slaughtering and processing and distribution to retailers)
meaty	adj.	like or containing meat
meaty	adj.	being on topic and prompting thought
mecca	n.	joint capital (with Riyadh) of Saudi Arabia; located in western Saudi Arabia; as the birthplace of Muhammad it is the holiest city of Islam
mecca	n.	a place that attracts many visitors
mechanic	n.	a craftsman skilled in operating machine tools
mechanic	n.	someone whose occupation is repairing and maintaining automobiles
mechanic	adj.	resembling the action of a machine; - Emily Dickenson
mechanical	adj.	using (or as if using) mechanisms or tools or devices
mechanical	adj.	relating to or concerned with machinery or tools
mechanical	adj.	relating to or governed by or in accordance with mechanics
mechanics	n.	the branch of physics concerned with the motion of bodies in a frame of reference
mechanics	n.	the technical aspects of doing something
mechanics	n.	a craftsman skilled in operating machine tools
mechanics	n.	someone whose occupation is repairing and maintaining automobiles
mechanism	n.	the atomic process that occurs during a chemical reaction
mechanism	n.	the technical aspects of doing something
mechanism	n.	a natural object resembling a machine in structure or function
mechanism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical theory that all phenomena can be explained in terms of physical or biological causes
mechanism	n.	device consisting of a piece of machinery; has moving parts that perform some function
mechanistic	adj.	explained in terms of physical forces
mechanistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical theory of mechanism
mechanistically	adv.	in a mechanistic manner
mechanization	n.	the condition of having a highly technical implementation
mechanization	n.	the act of implementing the control of equipment with advanced technology; usually involving electronic hardware
mechanize	v.	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles
mechanize	v.	make monotonous; make automatic or routine
mechanize	v.	make mechanical
medal	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
medalist	n.	someone who has won a medal
medalist	n.	(golf) the winner at medal play of a tournament
medallion	n.	any of various large ancient Greek coins
medallion	n.	a circular helping of food (especially a boneless cut of meat)
medallion	n.	an emblem indicating that a taxicab is registered
medallion	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
medan	n.	a city in Indonesia; located in northeastern Sumatra
meddle	v.	intrude in other people's affairs or business; interfere unwantedly
meddler	n.	an officious annoying person who interferes with others
meddlesome	adj.	intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner
medea	n.	(Greek mythology) a princess of Colchis who aided Jason in taking the Golden Fleece from her father
medellin	n.	city in western Colombia; important coffee center
medford	n.	a town in southwestern Oregon; a summer resort
medford	n.	town in northeastern Massachusetts; residential suburb of Boston
media	n.	a means or instrumentality for storing or communicating information
media	n.	the surrounding environment
media	n.	an intervening substance through which signals can travel as a means for communication
media	n.	(bacteriology) a nutrient substance (solid or liquid) that is used to cultivate micro-organisms
media	n.	a liquid with which pigment is mixed by a painter
media	n.	(biology) a substance in which specimens are preserved or displayed
media	n.	an intervening substance through which something is achieved
media	n.	a state that is intermediate between extremes; a middle position
media	n.	someone who serves as an intermediary between the living and the dead
media	n.	(usually plural) transmissions that are disseminated widely to the public
media	n.	an occupation for which you are especially well suited
medial	adj.	dividing an animal into right and left halves
medial	adj.	relating to or situated in or extending toward the middle
median	n.	the value below which 50% of the cases fall
median	adj.	relating to or constituting the middle value of an ordered set of values (or the average of the middle two in a set with an even number of values)
median	adj.	dividing an animal into right and left halves
median	adj.	relating to or situated in or extending toward the middle
mediate	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
mediate	v.	occupy an intermediate or middle position or form a connecting link or stage between two others
mediate	adj.	acting through or dependent on an intervening agency
mediate	adj.	being neither at the beginning nor at the end in a series
mediated	v.	act between parties with a view to reconciling differences
mediated	v.	occupy an intermediate or middle position or form a connecting link or stage between two others
mediated	adj.	acting or brought about through an intervening agency
mediation	n.	a negotiation to resolve differences that is conducted by some impartial party
mediation	n.	the act of intervening for the purpose of bringing about a settlement
mediator	n.	a negotiator who acts as a link between parties
medic	n.	any of several Old World herbs of the genus Medicago having small flowers and trifoliate compound leaves
medic	n.	a medical practitioner in the armed forces
medicaid	n.	health care for the needy; a federally and state-funded program
medical	n.	a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person
medical	adj.	relating to the study or practice of medicine
medical	adj.	requiring or amenable to treatment by medicine especially as opposed to surgery
medical	adj.	of or belonging to Aesculapius or the healing art
medicament	n.	(medicine) something that treats or prevents or alleviates the symptoms of disease
medicare	n.	health care for the aged; a federally administered system of health insurance available to persons aged 65 and over
medicate	v.	impregnate with a medicinal substance
medicate	v.	treat medicinally, treat with medicine
medication	n.	(medicine) something that treats or prevents or alleviates the symptoms of disease
medication	n.	the act of treating with medicines or remedies
medici	n.	aristocratic Italian family of powerful merchants and bankers who ruled Florence in the 15th century
medicinal	adj.	having the properties of medicine
medicine	n.	the branches of medical science that deal with nonsurgical techniques
medicine	n.	(medicine) something that treats or prevents or alleviates the symptoms of disease
medicine	n.	the learned profession that is mastered by graduate training in a medical school and that is devoted to preventing or alleviating or curing diseases and injuries
medicine	n.	punishment for one's actions
medicine	v.	treat medicinally, treat with medicine
medico	n.	a student in medical school
medico	n.	a licensed medical practitioner
medieval	adj.	relating to or belonging to the Middle Ages
medieval	adj.	as if belonging to the Middle Ages; old-fashioned and unenlightened
medieval	adj.	characteristic of the time of chivalry and knighthood in the Middle Ages
medina	n.	a city in western Saudi Arabia; site of the tomb of Muhammad; the second most holy city of Islam
medina	n.	the ancient quarter of many cities in northern Africa
mediocre	adj.	moderate to inferior in quality
mediocre	adj.	lacking exceptional quality or ability
mediocre	adj.	poor to middling in quality
mediocrity	n.	ordinariness as a consequence of being average and not outstanding
mediocrity	n.	a person of second-rate ability or value
meditate	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
meditate	v.	think intently and at length, as for spiritual purposes
meditation	n.	continuous and profound contemplation or musing on a subject or series of subjects of a deep or abstruse nature
meditation	n.	(religion) contemplation of spiritual matters (usually on religious or philosophical subjects)
meditative	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
mediterranean	n.	the largest inland sea; between Europe and Africa and Asia
mediterranean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of or located near the Mediterranean Sea
medium	n.	a means or instrumentality for storing or communicating information
medium	n.	the surrounding environment
medium	n.	an intervening substance through which signals can travel as a means for communication
medium	n.	(bacteriology) a nutrient substance (solid or liquid) that is used to cultivate micro-organisms
medium	n.	a liquid with which pigment is mixed by a painter
medium	n.	(biology) a substance in which specimens are preserved or displayed
medium	n.	an intervening substance through which something is achieved
medium	n.	a state that is intermediate between extremes; a middle position
medium	n.	someone who serves as an intermediary between the living and the dead
medium	n.	(usually plural) transmissions that are disseminated widely to the public
medium	n.	an occupation for which you are especially well suited
medium	adj.	around the middle of a scale of evaluation
medium	adj.	(meat) cooked until there is just a little pink meat inside
medley	n.	a musical composition consisting of a series of songs or other musical pieces from various sources
medulla	n.	a white fatty substance that forms a medullary sheath around the axis cylinder of some nerve fibers
medulla	n.	lower or hindmost part of the brain; continuous with spinal cord; (`bulb' is an old term for medulla oblongata)
medulla	n.	the inner part of an organ or structure in plant or animal
medusa	n.	(Greek mythology) a woman transformed into a Gorgon by Athena; she was slain by Perseus
medusa	n.	one of two forms that coelenterates take: it is the free-swimming sexual phase in the life cycle of a coelenterate; in this phase it has a gelatinous umbrella-shaped body and tentacles
medusae	n.	(Greek mythology) a woman transformed into a Gorgon by Athena; she was slain by Perseus
medusae	n.	one of two forms that coelenterates take: it is the free-swimming sexual phase in the life cycle of a coelenterate; in this phase it has a gelatinous umbrella-shaped body and tentacles
meed	n.	a fitting reward
meek	adj.	humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness
meek	adj.	very docile; ; - Langston Hughes
meek	adj.	evidencing little spirit or courage; overly submissive or compliant; ; - Orville Prescott
meekness	n.	the feeling of patient, submissive humbleness
meekness	n.	a disposition to be patient and long suffering
meerschaum	n.	a white clayey mineral
meerschaum	n.	a pipe having a bowl made of meerschaum
meet	n.	a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held
meet	v.	come together
meet	v.	get together socially or for a specific purpose
meet	v.	be adjacent or come together
meet	v.	fill or meet a want or need
meet	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
meet	v.	satisfy or fulfill
meet	v.	collect in one place
meet	v.	get to know; get acquainted with
meet	v.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of
meet	v.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle
meet	v.	experience as a reaction
meet	v.	undergo or suffer
meet	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
meet	adj.	being precisely fitting and right
meeting	n.	a formally arranged gathering
meeting	n.	a small informal social gathering
meeting	n.	a casual or unexpected convergence
meeting	n.	the social act of assembling for some common purpose
meeting	n.	the act of joining together as one
meeting	n.	a place where things merge or flow together (especially rivers)
meeting	v.	come together
meeting	v.	get together socially or for a specific purpose
meeting	v.	be adjacent or come together
meeting	v.	fill or meet a want or need
meeting	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
meeting	v.	satisfy or fulfill
meeting	v.	collect in one place
meeting	v.	get to know; get acquainted with
meeting	v.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of
meeting	v.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle
meeting	v.	experience as a reaction
meeting	v.	undergo or suffer
meeting	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
meetinghouse	n.	a building for religious assembly (especially Nonconformists, e.g., Quakers)
meg	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros
megabit	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobits or 10^6 (1,000,000) bits
megabucks	n.	a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)
megabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobytes or 10^6 (1,000,000) bytes
megabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes
megacycle	n.	one million periods per second
megadeath	n.	the death of a million people
megadeaths	n.	the death of a million people
megahertz	n.	one million periods per second
megalith	n.	memorial consisting of a very large stone forming part of a prehistoric structure (especially in western Europe)
megalithic	adj.	of or relating to megaliths or the people who erected megaliths
megaliths	n.	memorial consisting of a very large stone forming part of a prehistoric structure (especially in western Europe)
megalomania	n.	a psychological state characterized by delusions of grandeur
megalomaniac	n.	a pathological egotist
megalopolis	n.	a very large urban complex (usually involving several cities and towns)
megaphone	n.	a cone-shaped acoustic device held to the mouth to intensify and direct the human voice
megaton	n.	a measure of explosive power (of an atomic weapon) equal to that of one million tons of TNT
megaton	n.	one million tons
megawatt	n.	a unit of power equal to one million watts
meiosis	n.	(genetics) cell division that produces reproductive cells in sexually reproducing organisms; the nucleus divides into four nuclei each containing half the chromosome number (leading to gametes in animals and spores in plants)
meiosis	n.	understatement for rhetorical effect (especially when expressing an affirmative by negating its contrary)
meiotic	adj.	of or relating to meiosis
meir	n.	Israeli statesman (born in Russia) (1898-1978)
mekong	n.	an Asian river; flows through a large delta in southern Vietnam into the South China Sea
melamine	n.	a white crystalline organic base; used mainly in making melamine resins
melancholia	n.	extreme depression characterized by tearful sadness and irrational fears
melancholic	n.	someone subject to melancholia
melancholic	adj.	characterized by or causing or expressing sadness
melancholy	n.	a feeling of thoughtful sadness
melancholy	n.	a constitutional tendency to be gloomy and depressed
melancholy	n.	a humor that was once believed to be secreted by the kidneys or spleen and to cause sadness and melancholy
melancholy	adj.	characterized by or causing or expressing sadness
melancholy	adj.	grave or even gloomy in character
melanesia	n.	the islands in the southwestern part of Oceania
melanesian	adj.	of or relating to Melanesia or its people or culture
melange	n.	a motley assortment of things
melanin	n.	insoluble pigments that account for the color of e.g. skin and scales and feathers
melanoma	n.	any of several malignant neoplasms (usually of the skin) consisting of melanocytes
melba	n.	Australian operatic soprano (1861-1931)
melbourne	n.	a resort town in east central Florida
melbourne	n.	the capital of Victoria state and 2nd largest Australian city; a financial and commercial center
melchior	n.	United States operatic tenor (born in Denmark) noted for his Wagnerian roles (1890-1973)
melchior	n.	(New Testament) one of the three sages from the east who came bearing gifts for the infant Jesus; usually represented as a king of Nubia
meld	n.	a form of rummy using two decks of cards and four jokers; jokers and deuces are wild; the object is to form groups of the same rank
meld	v.	announce for a score; of cards in a card game
meld	v.	lose its distinct outline or shape; blend gradually
meld	v.	mix together different elements
melee	n.	a noisy riotous fight
meliorate	v.	to make better
meliorate	v.	get better
melioration	n.	the act of relieving ills and changing for the better
melioration	n.	a condition superior to an earlier condition
melioration	n.	the linguistic process in which over a period of time a word grows more positive in connotation or more elevated in meaning
melissa	n.	a genus of Old World mints of the family Labiatae
mellifluous	adj.	pleasing to the ear
mellon	n.	United States financier and philanthropist (1855-1937)
mellow	v.	soften, make mellow
mellow	v.	become more relaxed, easygoing, or genial
mellow	v.	make or grow (more) mellow
mellow	adj.	unhurried and relaxed
mellow	adj.	having a full and pleasing flavor through proper aging
mellow	adj.	having attained to kindliness or gentleness through age and experience
mellow	adj.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
mellow	adv.	(obsolete) in a mellow manner
mellowness	n.	kindheartedness through maturity or old age
mellowness	n.	a taste (especially of fruit) that is ripe and of full flavor
mellowness	n.	the property of a sensation that is rich and pleasing
mellowness	n.	a soft shade of a color
mellowness	n.	geniality, as through the effects of alcohol or marijuana
melodic	adj.	containing or constituting or characterized by pleasing melody
melodic	adj.	of or relating to melody
melodically	adv.	with respect to melody
melodious	adj.	having a musical sound; especially a pleasing tune
melodious	adj.	containing or constituting or characterized by pleasing melody
melodiousness	n.	the property of having a melody
melodrama	n.	an extravagant comedy in which action is more salient than characterization
melodramatic	adj.	having the excitement and emotional appeal of melodrama
melodramatic	adj.	characteristic of acting or a stage performance; often affected
melodramatically	adv.	as in a melodrama
melodramatically	adv.	in an overly emotional manner
melody	n.	a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
melody	n.	the perception of pleasant arrangements of musical notes
melon	n.	any of numerous fruits of the gourd family having a hard rind and sweet juicy flesh
melon	n.	any of various fruit of cucurbitaceous vines including: muskmelons; watermelons; cantaloupes; cucumbers
melpomene	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of tragedy
melt	n.	the process whereby heat changes something from a solid to a liquid
melt	v.	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating
melt	v.	become or cause to become soft or liquid
melt	v.	become more relaxed, easygoing, or genial
melt	v.	lose its distinct outline or shape; blend gradually
melt	v.	become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly
melt	v.	become less intense and fade away gradually
meltdown	n.	severe overheating of the core of a nuclear reactor resulting in the core melting and radiation escaping
meltdown	n.	a disaster comparable to a nuclear meltdown
melville	n.	United States writer of novels and short stories (1819-1891)
member	n.	one of the persons who compose a social group (especially individuals who have joined and participate in a group organization)
member	n.	anything that belongs to a set or class
member	n.	an external body part that projects from the body
member	n.	an organization that is a member of another organization (especially a state that belongs to a group of nations)
member	n.	the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism)
membership	n.	the body of members of an organization or group
membership	n.	the state of being a member
membrane	n.	a thin pliable sheet of material
membrane	n.	a pliable sheet of tissue that covers or lines or connects the organs or cells of animals or plants
membranous	adj.	relating to or made of or similar to a membrane
membranous	adj.	characterized by formation of a membrane (or something resembling a membrane)
meme	n.	a cultural unit (an idea or value or pattern of behavior) that is passed from one person to another by non-genetic means (as by imitation)
memento	n.	a reminder of past events
memo	n.	a written proposal or reminder
memoir	n.	an account of the author's personal experiences
memoir	n.	an essay on a scientific or scholarly topic
memorabilia	n.	a record of things worth remembering
memorability	n.	the quality of being worth remembering
memorable	adj.	worth remembering
memorably	adv.	in a memorable manner
memorandum	n.	a written proposal or reminder
memorial	n.	a recognition of meritorious service
memorial	n.	a written statement of facts submitted in conjunction with a petition to an authority
memorial	n.	a structure erected to commemorate persons or events
memorialize	v.	address in a memorial
memorialize	v.	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
memorization	n.	learning so as to be able to remember verbatim
memorize	v.	commit to memory; learn by heart
memory	n.	something that is remembered
memory	n.	the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered
memory	n.	the power of retaining and recalling past experience
memory	n.	an electronic memory device
memory	n.	the area of cognitive psychology that studies memory processes
memphis	n.	largest city of Tennessee; located in southwestern Tennessee on bluffs overlooking the Mississippi River
memphis	n.	an ancient city of Egypt on the Nile (south of Cairo)
memsahib	n.	a woman sahib
men	n.	the force of workers available
men	n.	an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman)
men	n.	someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force
men	n.	the generic use of the word to refer to any human being
men	n.	any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage
men	n.	a male subordinate
men	n.	an adult male person who has a manly character (virile and courageous competent)
men	n.	a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer
men	n.	a male person who plays a significant role (husband or lover or boyfriend) in the life of a particular woman
men	n.	one of the British Isles in the Irish Sea
men	n.	game equipment consisting of an object used in playing certain board games
men	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
menace	n.	something that is a source of danger
menace	n.	a threat or the act of threatening
menace	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
menace	v.	express a threat either by an utterance or a gesture
menace	v.	act in a threatening manner
menacing	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
menacing	v.	express a threat either by an utterance or a gesture
menacing	v.	act in a threatening manner
menacing	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
menage	n.	a social unit living together
menagerie	n.	a collection of live animals for study or display
menagerie	n.	the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition
menander	n.	comic dramatist of ancient Greece (342-292 BC)
mencken	n.	United States journalist and literary critic (1880-1956)
mend	n.	sewing that repairs a worn or torn hole (especially in a garment)
mend	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
mend	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
mend	v.	heal or recover
mendacious	adj.	given to lying
mendacious	adj.	intentionally untrue
mendacity	n.	the tendency to be untruthful
mendel	n.	Augustinian monk and botanist whose experiments in breeding garden peas led to his eventual recognition as founder of the science of genetics (1822-1884)
mendeleev	n.	Russian chemist who developed a periodic table of the chemical elements and predicted the discovery of several new elements (1834-1907)
mendelevium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding einsteinium with alpha particles (Md is the current symbol for mendelevium but Mv was formerly the symbol)
mendelian	n.	a follower of Mendelism
mendelian	adj.	of or relating to Gregor Mendel or in accord with Mendel's laws
mendelssohn	n.	German musician and romantic composer of orchestral and choral works (1809-1847)
mender	n.	a skilled worker who mends or repairs things
mendicancy	n.	the state of being a beggar or mendicant
mendicancy	n.	a solicitation for money or food (especially in the street by an apparently penniless person)
mendicant	n.	a male member of a religious order that originally relied solely on alms
mendicant	n.	a pauper who lives by begging
mendicant	adj.	practicing beggary
mending	n.	garments that must be repaired
mending	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
mending	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
mending	v.	heal or recover
menelaus	n.	(Greek mythology) the king of Sparta at the time of the Trojan War; brother of Agamemnon; husband of Helen
menhaden	n.	shad-like North American marine fishes used for fish meal and oil and fertilizer
menial	n.	a domestic servant
menial	adj.	used of unskilled work (especially domestic work)
meningeal	adj.	relating to the meninges
meninges	n.	a membrane (one of 3) that envelops the brain and spinal cord
meningitis	n.	infectious disease characterized by inflammation of the meninges (the tissues that surround the brain or spinal cord) usually caused by a bacterial infection; symptoms include headache and stiff neck and fever and nausea
meninx	n.	a membrane (one of 3) that envelops the brain and spinal cord
menisci	n.	(anatomy) a disk of cartilage that serves as a cushion between the ends of bones that meet at a joint
menisci	n.	(optics) a lens that is concave on one side and convex on the other
menisci	n.	(physics) the curved upper surface of a nonturbulent liquid in a vertical tube
meniscus	n.	(anatomy) a disk of cartilage that serves as a cushion between the ends of bones that meet at a joint
meniscus	n.	(optics) a lens that is concave on one side and convex on the other
meniscus	n.	(physics) the curved upper surface of a nonturbulent liquid in a vertical tube
mennonite	n.	a member of an Anabaptist movement in Holland noted for its simplicity of life
menominee	n.	a member of the federally recognized tribe of Algonquian people living on a reservation in central Wisconsin
menominee	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Menomini
menopausal	adj.	of or relating to the menopause
menopause	n.	the time in a woman's life in which the menstrual cycle ends
menorah	n.	(Judaism) a candelabrum with seven branches used in ceremonies to symbolize the seven days of Creation
menorah	n.	(Judaism) a candelabrum with nine branches; used during the Hanukkah festival
menorahs	n.	(Judaism) a candelabrum with seven branches used in ceremonies to symbolize the seven days of Creation
menorahs	n.	(Judaism) a candelabrum with nine branches; used during the Hanukkah festival
menotti	n.	United States composer (born in Italy) of operas (born in 1911)
mensa	n.	a faint constellation in the polar region of the southern hemisphere and containing part of the Large Magellanic Cloud
mensch	n.	a decent responsible person with admirable characteristics
menservants	n.	a man servant
menses	n.	the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause; ; --Hippocrates; --Aristotle
menstrual	adj.	of or relating to menstruation or the menses
menstruate	v.	undergo menstruation
menstruation	n.	the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause; ; --Hippocrates; --Aristotle
mensurable	adj.	having notes of fixed rhythmic value
mensurable	adj.	capable of being measured
mensuration	n.	the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to a rule
mental	adj.	involving the mind or an intellectual process
mental	adj.	of or relating to the mind
mental	adj.	of or relating to the chin- or liplike structure in insects and certain mollusks
mental	adj.	of or relating to the chin or median part of the lower jaw
mental	adj.	affected by a disorder of the mind
mentality	n.	a habitual or characteristic mental attitude that determines how you will interpret and respond to situations
mentality	n.	mental ability
menthol	n.	a crystalline compound that has the cool and minty taste and odor that occurs naturally in peppermint oil; used as a flavoring and in medicine to relieve itching, pain, and nasal congestion
menthol	n.	a lotion containing menthol which gives it the smell of mint
mentholated	adj.	containing, or impregnated with, menthol
mention	n.	a remark that calls attention to something or someone
mention	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
mention	n.	an official recognition of merit
mention	v.	make reference to
mention	v.	make mention of
mention	v.	commend
mentioned	v.	make reference to
mentioned	v.	make mention of
mentioned	v.	commend
mentor	n.	a wise and trusted guide and advisor
mentor	v.	serve as a teacher or trusted counselor
menu	n.	a list of dishes available at a restaurant
menu	n.	the dishes making up a meal
menu	n.	(computer science) a list of options available to a computer user
menu	n.	an agenda of things to do
menuhin	n.	British violinist (born in the United States) who began his career as a child prodigy in the 1920s (1916-1999)
meow	n.	the sound made by a cat (or any sound resembling this)
meow	v.	cry like a cat
mephistopheles	n.	evil spirit to whom Faust sold his soul
mercantile	adj.	of or relating to the economic system of mercantilism
mercantile	adj.	profit oriented; ; - John Buchan
mercantile	adj.	relating to or characteristic of trade or traders; - Van Wyck Brooks
mercantilism	n.	an economic system (Europe in 18th century) to increase a nation's wealth by government regulation of all of the nation's commercial interests
mercantilism	n.	transactions (sales and purchases) having the objective of supplying commodities (goods and services)
mercator	n.	Flemish geographer who lived in Germany; he invented the Mercator projection of maps of the globe (1512-1594)
mercenary	n.	a person hired to fight for another country than their own
mercenary	adj.	marked by materialism
mercenary	adj.	serving for wages in a foreign army
mercenary	adj.	profit oriented; ; - John Buchan
mercer	n.	a dealer in textiles (especially silks)
mercer	n.	British maker of printed calico cloth who invented mercerizing (1791-1866)
mercerize	v.	treat to strengthen and improve the luster
merchandise	n.	commodities offered for sale
merchandise	v.	engage in the trade of
merchandiser	n.	a businessperson engaged in retail trade
merchandising	n.	the exchange of goods for an agreed sum of money
merchandising	v.	engage in the trade of
merchant	n.	a businessperson engaged in retail trade
merchantman	n.	a cargo ship
merchantmen	n.	a cargo ship
merciful	adj.	showing or giving mercy
merciful	adj.	(used conventionally of royalty and high nobility) gracious
merciless	adj.	having or showing no mercy
mercilessness	n.	feelings of extreme heartlessness
mercilessness	n.	inhumaneness evidenced by an unwillingness to be kind or forgiving
mercurial	adj.	liable to sudden unpredictable change
mercurial	adj.	relating to or under the (astrological) influence of the planet Mercury
mercurial	adj.	relating to or having characteristics (eloquence, shrewdness, swiftness, thievishness) attributed to the god Mercury
mercurial	adj.	relating to or containing or caused by mercury
mercuric	adj.	of or containing mercury
mercurochrome	n.	a mercurial compound applied topically as an antiseptic; Mercurochrome is the trademark
mercury	n.	a heavy silvery toxic univalent and bivalent metallic element; the only metal that is liquid at ordinary temperatures
mercury	n.	(Roman mythology) messenger of Jupiter and god of commerce; counterpart of Greek Hermes
mercury	n.	the smallest planet and the nearest to the sun
mercury	n.	temperature measured by a mercury thermometer
mercy	n.	leniency and compassion shown toward offenders by a person or agency charged with administering justice
mercy	n.	a disposition to be kind and forgiving
mercy	n.	the feeling that motivates compassion
mercy	n.	something for which to be thankful
mercy	n.	alleviation of distress; showing great kindness toward the distressed
mere	n.	a small pond of standing water
mere	adj.	being nothing more than specified
mere	adj.	apart from anything else; without additions or modifications
meredith	n.	United States civil rights leader whose college registration caused riots in traditionally segregated Mississippi (born in 1933)
meredith	n.	English novelist and poet (1828-1909)
meretricious	adj.	like or relating to a prostitute
meretricious	adj.	tastelessly showy
meretricious	adj.	based on pretense; deceptively pleasing
meretriciousness	n.	an appearance of truth that is false or deceptive; seeming plausibility
meretriciousness	n.	tasteless showiness
merganser	n.	large crested fish-eating diving duck having a slender hooked bill with serrated edges
merge	v.	become one
merge	v.	mix together different elements
merge	v.	join or combine
merger	n.	the combination of two or more commercial companies
merger	n.	an occurrence that involves the production of a union
meridian	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
meridian	n.	a town in eastern Mississippi
meridian	n.	an imaginary great circle on the surface of the earth passing through the north and south poles at right angles to the equator
meridian	adj.	of or happening at noon
meridian	adj.	being at the best stage of development; - Robert Browning
meringue	n.	sweet topping especially for pies made of beaten egg whites and sugar
merino	n.	white sheep originating in Spain and producing a heavy fleece of exceptional quality
merit	n.	any admirable quality or attribute
merit	n.	the quality of being deserving (e.g., deserving assistance)
merit	v.	be worthy or deserving
merited	v.	be worthy or deserving
merited	adj.	properly deserved
meriting	v.	be worthy or deserving
meritless	adj.	without merit
meritocracy	n.	a form of social system in which power goes to those with superior intellects
meritocracy	n.	the belief that rulers should be chosen for their superior abilities and not because of their wealth or birth
meritocratic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a meritocracy
meritorious	adj.	deserving reward or praise
meritoriousness	n.	the quality of being deserving (e.g., deserving assistance)
merle	n.	common black European thrush
merlin	n.	(Arthurian legend) the magician who acted as King Arthur's advisor
merlin	n.	small falcon of Europe and America having dark plumage with black-barred tail; used in falconry
merlot	n.	black wine grape originally from the region of Bordeaux
merlot	n.	dry red wine made from a grape grown widely in Bordeaux and California
mermaid	n.	half woman and half fish; lives in the sea
merman	n.	United States singer who appeared in several musical comedies (1909-1984)
merman	n.	half man and half fish; lives in the sea
mermen	n.	United States singer who appeared in several musical comedies (1909-1984)
mermen	n.	half man and half fish; lives in the sea
merovingian	n.	a member of the Merovingian dynasty
merovingian	n.	a Frankish dynasty founded by Clovis I that reigned in Gaul and Germany from about 500 to 750
merovingian	adj.	of or relating to the Merovingian dynasty or its members
merrily	adv.	in a joyous manner
merrimack	n.	a river that rises in south central New Hampshire and flows through Concord and Manchester into Massachusetts and empties into the Atlantic Ocean
merriment	n.	a gay feeling
merriment	n.	activities that are enjoyable or amusing
merriness	n.	the trait of merry joking
merry	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
merry	adj.	offering fun and gaiety
merry	adj.	quick and energetic
merrymaker	n.	a celebrant who shares in a noisy party
merrymaking	n.	a boisterous celebration; a merry festivity
merthiolate	n.	a light-colored crystalline powder (trade name Merthiolate) used as a surgical antiseptic
merton	n.	United States religious and writer (1915-1968)
merton	n.	United States sociologist (1910-2003)
mesa	n.	flat tableland with steep edges
mesa	n.	a city in Arizona just to the east of Phoenix; originally a suburb of Phoenix
mescal	n.	a small spineless globe-shaped cactus; source of mescal buttons
mescal	n.	a colorless Mexican liquor distilled from fermented juices of certain desert plants of the genus Agavaceae (especially the century plant)
mescaline	n.	the hallucinatory alkaloid that is the active agent in mescal buttons
mesdames	n.	title used for a married Frenchwoman
mesdemoiselles	n.	small silvery drumfish often mistaken for white perch; found along coasts of United States from New York to Mexico
mesh	n.	the number of openings per linear inch of a screen; measures size of particles
mesh	n.	contact by fitting together
mesh	n.	the topology of a network whose components are all connected directly to every other component
mesh	n.	an open fabric of string or rope or wire woven together at regular intervals
mesh	n.	the act of interlocking or meshing
mesh	v.	keep engaged
mesh	v.	coordinate in such a way that all parts work together effectively
mesh	v.	work together in harmony
mesh	v.	entangle or catch in (or as if in) a mesh
mesmer	n.	Austrian physician who tried to treat diseases with a form of hypnotism (1734-1815)
mesmeric	adj.	attracting and holding interest as if by a spell
mesmerism	n.	the act of inducing hypnosis
mesmerize	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
mesmerize	v.	induce hypnosis in
mesmerizer	n.	a person who induces hypnosis
mesolithic	n.	middle part of the Stone Age beginning about 15,000 years ago
mesolithic	adj.	of or relating to a middle period of the Stone Age (following the paleolithic)
mesomorph	n.	a person with a well-developed muscular body
mesomorphs	n.	a person with a well-developed muscular body
meson	n.	an elementary particle responsible for the forces in the atomic nucleus; a hadron with a baryon number of 0
mesopotamia	n.	the land between the Tigris and Euphrates; site of several ancient civilizations; part of what is now known as Iraq
mesosphere	n.	the atmospheric layer between the stratosphere and the thermosphere
mesozoic	n.	from 230 million to 63 million years ago
mesozoic	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the Mesozoic era
mesquite	n.	any of several small spiny trees or shrubs of the genus Prosopis having small flowers in axillary cylindrical spikes followed by large pods rich in sugar
mess	n.	a state of confusion and disorderliness
mess	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
mess	n.	soft semiliquid food
mess	n.	a meal eaten in a mess hall by service personnel
mess	n.	a (large) military dining room where service personnel eat or relax
mess	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
mess	v.	eat in a mess hall
mess	v.	make a mess of or create disorder in
message	n.	a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled
message	n.	what a communication that is about something is about
message	v.	send a message to
message	v.	send as a message
message	v.	send a message
messenger	n.	a person who carries a message
messiah	n.	any expected deliverer
messiah	n.	Jesus Christ; considered by Christians to be the promised deliverer
messiah	n.	the awaited king of the Jews; the promised and expected deliverer of the Jewish people
messiah	n.	an oratorio composed by Handel in 1742
messiahs	n.	any expected deliverer
messiahs	n.	Jesus Christ; considered by Christians to be the promised deliverer
messiahs	n.	the awaited king of the Jews; the promised and expected deliverer of the Jewish people
messiahs	n.	an oratorio composed by Handel in 1742
messianic	adj.	of or relating to a messiah promising deliverance
messieurs	n.	used as a French courtesy title; equivalent to English `Mr'
messily	adv.	in a messy, untidy manner
messiness	n.	a state of confusion and disorderliness
messiness	n.	the trait of being untidy and messy
messmate	n.	(nautical) an associate with whom you share meals in the same mess (as on a ship)
messy	adj.	dirty and disorderly
mestizo	n.	a person of mixed racial ancestry (especially mixed European and Native American ancestry)
met	v.	come together
met	v.	get together socially or for a specific purpose
met	v.	be adjacent or come together
met	v.	fill or meet a want or need
met	v.	satisfy a condition or restriction
met	v.	satisfy or fulfill
met	v.	collect in one place
met	v.	get to know; get acquainted with
met	v.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of
met	v.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle
met	v.	experience as a reaction
met	v.	undergo or suffer
met	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
metabolic	adj.	of or relating to metabolism
metabolic	adj.	undergoing metamorphosis
metabolically	adv.	involving metabolism
metabolism	n.	the marked and rapid transformation of a larva into an adult that occurs in some animals
metabolism	n.	the organic processes (in a cell or organism) that are necessary for life
metabolite	n.	any substance involved in metabolism (either as a product of metabolism or as necessary for metabolism)
metabolize	v.	produce by metabolism
metacarpal	n.	any bone of the hand between the wrist and fingers
metacarpal	adj.	of or relating to the metacarpus
metacarpi	n.	the part of the hand between the carpus and phalanges
metacarpus	n.	the part of the hand between the carpus and phalanges
metadata	n.	data about data
metal	n.	any of several chemical elements that are usually shiny solids that conduct heat or electricity and can be formed into sheets etc.
metal	n.	a mixture containing two or more metallic elements or metallic and nonmetallic elements usually fused together or dissolving into each other when molten
metal	v.	cover with metal
metal	adj.	containing or made of or resembling or characteristic of a metal; ; ; - Ambrose Bierce
metalanguage	n.	a language that can be used to describe languages
metallic	n.	a fabric made of a yarn that is partly or entirely of metal
metallic	n.	a yarn made partly or entirely of metal
metallic	adj.	containing or made of or resembling or characteristic of a metal; ; ; - Ambrose Bierce
metallurgic	adj.	of or relating to metallurgy
metallurgical	adj.	of or relating to metallurgy
metallurgist	n.	an engineer trained in the extraction and refining and alloying and fabrication of metals
metallurgy	n.	the science and technology of metals
metalwork	n.	the metal parts of something
metalwork	n.	the activity of making things out of metal in a skillful manner
metalworker	n.	someone who works metal (especially by hammering it when it is hot and malleable)
metalworking	n.	the activity of making things out of metal in a skillful manner
metamorphic	adj.	of or relating to metamorphosis (especially of rocks)
metamorphic	adj.	characterized by metamorphosis or change in physical form or substance
metamorphism	n.	change in the structure of rock by natural agencies such as pressure or heat or introduction of new chemical substances
metamorphose	v.	change completely the nature or appearance of
metamorphose	v.	change in outward structure or looks
metamorphosis	n.	the marked and rapid transformation of a larva into an adult that occurs in some animals
metamorphosis	n.	a striking change in appearance or character or circumstances
metamorphosis	n.	a complete change of physical form or substance especially as by magic or witchcraft
metaphor	n.	a figure of speech in which an expression is used to refer to something that it does not literally denote in order to suggest a similarity
metaphoric	adj.	expressing one thing in terms normally denoting another
metaphorical	adj.	expressing one thing in terms normally denoting another
metaphysical	adj.	pertaining to or of the nature of metaphysics
metaphysical	adj.	without material form or substance
metaphysical	adj.	highly abstract and overly theoretical
metaphysics	n.	the philosophical study of being and knowing
metastases	n.	the spreading of a disease (especially cancer) to another part of the body
metastasis	n.	the spreading of a disease (especially cancer) to another part of the body
metastasize	v.	spread throughout the body
metastatic	adj.	relating to or affected by metastasis
metatarsal	n.	any bone of the foot between the ankle and the toes
metatarsal	adj.	of or relating to the metatarsus
metatarsi	n.	the skeleton of the human foot between the toes and the tarsus; the corresponding part of the foot in birds or of the hind foot in quadrupeds
metatarsus	n.	the skeleton of the human foot between the toes and the tarsus; the corresponding part of the foot in birds or of the hind foot in quadrupeds
metatheses	n.	a linguistic process of transposition of sounds or syllables within a word or words within a sentence
metatheses	n.	a chemical reaction between two compounds in which parts of each are interchanged to form two new compounds (AB+CD=AD+CB)
metathesis	n.	a linguistic process of transposition of sounds or syllables within a word or words within a sentence
metathesis	n.	a chemical reaction between two compounds in which parts of each are interchanged to form two new compounds (AB+CD=AD+CB)
mete	n.	a line that indicates a boundary
metempsychoses	n.	after death the soul begins a new cycle of existence in another human body
metempsychosis	n.	after death the soul begins a new cycle of existence in another human body
meteor	n.	(astronomy) any of the small solid extraterrestrial bodies that hits the earth's atmosphere
meteor	n.	a streak of light in the sky at night that results when a meteoroid hits the earth's atmosphere and air friction causes the meteoroid to melt or vaporize or explode
meteoric	adj.	of or pertaining to atmospheric phenomena, especially weather and weather conditions
meteoric	adj.	pertaining to or consisting of meteors or meteoroids
meteoric	adj.	like a meteor in speed or brilliance or transience
meteorite	n.	stony or metallic object that is the remains of a meteoroid that has reached the earth's surface
meteoroid	n.	(astronomy) any of the small solid extraterrestrial bodies that hits the earth's atmosphere
meteorologic	adj.	of or pertaining to atmospheric phenomena, especially weather and weather conditions
meteorological	adj.	of or pertaining to atmospheric phenomena, especially weather and weather conditions
meteorologist	n.	a specialist who studies processes in the earth's atmosphere that cause weather conditions
meteorology	n.	predicting what the weather will be
meteorology	n.	the earth science dealing with phenomena of the atmosphere (especially weather)
meter	n.	the basic unit of length adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites (approximately 1.094 yards)
meter	n.	any of various measuring instruments for measuring a quantity
meter	n.	(prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse
meter	n.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
meter	v.	measure with a meter
meter	v.	stamp with a meter indicating the postage
metformin	n.	an antidiabetic drug (trade name Glucophage) prescribed to treat type II diabetes
methadone	n.	synthetic narcotic drug similar to morphine but less habit-forming; used in narcotic detoxification and maintenance of heroin addiction
methamphetamine	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
methane	n.	a colorless odorless gas used as a fuel
methanol	n.	a light volatile flammable poisonous liquid alcohol; used as an antifreeze and solvent and fuel and as a denaturant for ethyl alcohol
method	n.	a way of doing something, especially a systematic way; implies an orderly logical arrangement (usually in steps)
method	n.	an acting technique introduced by Stanislavsky in which the actor recalls emotions or reactions from his or her own life and uses them to identify with the character being portrayed
methodical	adj.	characterized by method and orderliness
methodicalness	n.	the quality of appreciating method and system
methodism	n.	the religious beliefs and practices of Methodists characterized by concern with social welfare and public morals
methodist	n.	a follower of Wesleyanism as practiced by the Methodist Church
methodist	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the branch of Protestantism adhering to the views of Wesley
methodological	adj.	relating to the methodology of some discipline
methodology	n.	the branch of philosophy that analyzes the principles and procedures of inquiry in a particular discipline
methodology	n.	the system of methods followed in a particular discipline
methotrexate	n.	toxic antimetabolite that limits cellular reproduction by acting as an antagonist to folic acid; used to treat certain cancers and psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis
meths	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
methuselah	n.	(Old Testament) a patriarch (grandfather of Noah) who is said to have lived 969 years
methuselah	n.	a man who is very old
methyl	n.	the univalent radical CH3- derived from methane
meticulous	adj.	marked by precise accordance with details
meticulous	adj.	marked by extreme care in treatment of details
meticulousness	n.	strict attention to minute details
metier	n.	an asset of special worth or utility
metier	n.	an occupation for which you are especially well suited
metric	n.	a function of a topological space that gives, for any two points in the space, a value equal to the distance between them
metric	n.	a decimal unit of measurement of the metric system (based on meters and kilograms and seconds)
metric	n.	a system of related measures that facilitates the quantification of some particular characteristic
metric	adj.	based on the meter as a standard of measurement
metric	adj.	the rhythmic arrangement of syllables
metrical	adj.	based on the meter as a standard of measurement
metrical	adj.	the rhythmic arrangement of syllables
metricate	v.	convert from a non-metric to the metric system
metrication	n.	the act of changing from imperial units of measurement to metric units: meters, grams, seconds
metricize	v.	express in the metric system
metricize	v.	convert from a non-metric to the metric system
metro	n.	an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a city)
metronome	n.	clicking pendulum indicates the exact tempo of a piece of music
metropolis	n.	a large and densely populated urban area; may include several independent administrative districts
metropolis	n.	people living in a large densely populated municipality
metropolitan	n.	in the Eastern Orthodox Church this title is given to a position between bishop and patriarch; equivalent to archbishop in western Christianity
metropolitan	n.	a person who lives in a metropolis
metropolitan	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a metropolis
metternich	n.	Austrian statesman (1773-1859)
mettle	n.	the courage to carry on
mettlesome	adj.	having a proud and unbroken spirit
mettlesome	adj.	willing to face danger
meuse	n.	a European river; flows into the North Sea
meuse	n.	an American operation in World War I (1918); American troops under Pershing drove back the German armies which were saved only by the armistice on November 11
mew	n.	the sound made by a cat (or any sound resembling this)
mew	n.	the common gull of Eurasia and northeastern North America
mew	v.	cry like a cat
mew	v.	utter a high-pitched cry, as of seagulls
mewl	v.	cry weakly or softly
mews	n.	street lined with buildings that were originally private stables but have been remodeled as dwellings
mews	n.	the sound made by a cat (or any sound resembling this)
mews	n.	the common gull of Eurasia and northeastern North America
mews	v.	cry like a cat
mews	v.	utter a high-pitched cry, as of seagulls
mexicali	n.	a city in northwestern Mexico near the California border
mexican	n.	a native or inhabitant of Mexico
mexican	adj.	of or relating to Mexico or its inhabitants
mexico	n.	a republic in southern North America; became independent from Spain in 1810
meyerbeer	n.	German composer of operas in a style that influenced Richard Wagner (1791-1864)
mezzanine	n.	first or lowest balcony
mezzanine	n.	intermediate floor just above the ground floor
mezzo	n.	a soprano with a voice between soprano and contralto
mezzo	n.	the female singing voice between contralto and soprano
mfa	n.	a master's degree in fine arts
mg	n.	one thousandth (1/1,000) gram
mg	n.	a light silver-white ductile bivalent metallic element; in pure form it burns with brilliant white flame; occurs naturally only in combination (as in magnesite and dolomite and carnallite and spinel and olivine)
mhz	n.	one million periods per second
mi	n.	destruction of heart tissue resulting from obstruction of the blood supply to the heart muscle
mi	n.	a former British unit of length equivalent to 6,080 feet (1,853.184 meters); 800 feet longer than a statute mile
mi	n.	a unit of length used in navigation; exactly 1,852 meters; historically based on the distance spanned by one minute of arc in latitude
mi	n.	a unit of length equal to 1,760 yards or 5,280 feet; exactly 1609.344 meters
mi	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region
mi	n.	the government agency in the United Kingdom that is responsible for internal security and counterintelligence on British territory
mi	n.	the government agency in the United Kingdom that is responsible for internal security and counterintelligence overseas
mi	n.	the syllable naming the third (mediant) note of any major scale in solmization
miami	n.	a member of the extinct Algonquian people formerly living in northern Indiana and southern Michigan
miami	n.	a city and resort in southeastern Florida on Biscayne Bay; the best known city in Florida; a haven for retirees and a refuge for Cubans fleeing Castro
miasma	n.	an unwholesome atmosphere
miasma	n.	unhealthy vapors rising from the ground or other sources
mica	n.	any of various minerals consisting of hydrous silicates of aluminum or potassium etc. that crystallize in forms that allow perfect cleavage into very thin leaves; used as dielectrics because of their resistance to electricity
micah	n.	a minor Hebrew prophet (8th century BC)
micah	n.	an Old Testament book telling the prophecies of Micah foretelling the destruction of Jerusalem
micawber	n.	fictional character created by Charles Dickens; an eternal optimist
mice	n.	any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats having pointed snouts and small ears on elongated bodies with slender usually hairless tails
mice	n.	a swollen bruise caused by a blow to the eye
mice	n.	person who is quiet or timid
mice	n.	a hand-operated electronic device that controls the coordinates of a cursor on your computer screen as you move it around on a pad; on the bottom of the device is a ball that rolls on the surface of the pad
michael	n.	(Old Testament) the guardian archangel of the Jews
michaelmas	n.	honoring the archangel Michael; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland
michelangelo	n.	Florentine sculptor and painter and architect; one of the outstanding figures of the Renaissance (1475-1564)
michelson	n.	United States physicist (born in Germany) who collaborated with Morley in the Michelson-Morley experiment (1852-1931)
michigan	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region
michigan	n.	the 3rd largest of the Great Lakes; the largest freshwater lake entirely within the United States borders
michigan	n.	a gambling card game in which chips are placed on the ace and king and queen and jack of separate suits (taken from a separate deck); a player plays the lowest card of a suit in his hand and successively higher cards are played until the sequence stops; the player who plays a card matching one in the layout wins all the chips on that card
michigander	n.	a native or resident of Michigan
mick	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Irish descent
mickey	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Irish descent
micmac	n.	a member of the Algonquian people inhabiting the Maritime Provinces of Canada
micmac	n.	the Algonquian language of the Micmac
micro	adj.	extremely small in scale or scope or capability
microbe	n.	a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium); the term is not in technical use
microbial	adj.	of or involving or caused by or being microbes
microbiologist	n.	a specialist in microbiology
microbiology	n.	the branch of biology that studies microorganisms and their effects on humans
microbrewery	n.	a small brewery; consumption of the product is mainly elsewhere
microchip	n.	electronic equipment consisting of a small crystal of a silicon semiconductor fabricated to carry out a number of electronic functions in an integrated circuit
microcircuit	n.	a microelectronic computer circuit incorporated into a chip or semiconductor; a whole system rather than a single component
microcode	n.	(computer science) coded instructions that are stored permanently in read-only memory
microcomputer	n.	a small digital computer based on a microprocessor and designed to be used by one person at a time
microcosm	n.	a miniature model of something
microcosmic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a microcosm
microdot	n.	photograph reduced to the size of a dot (usually for purposes of security)
microeconomics	n.	the branch of economics that studies the economy of consumers or households or individual firms
microelectronic	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of miniature electronic components
microelectronics	n.	the branch of electronics that deals with miniature components
microfiche	n.	small sheet of microfilm on which many pages of material have been photographed; a magnification system is used to read the material
microfilm	n.	film on which materials are photographed at greatly reduced size; useful for storage; a magnification system is used to read the material
microfilm	v.	record on microfilm
micrometeorite	n.	a meteorite or meteoroid so small that it drifts down to earth without becoming intensely heated in the atmosphere
micrometer	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one millionth of a meter
micrometer	n.	caliper for measuring small distances
micron	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one millionth of a meter
micronesia	n.	a country scattered over Micronesia with a constitutional government in free association with the United States; achieved independence in 1986
micronesia	n.	the islands in the northwestern part of Oceania
microorganism	n.	any organism of microscopic size
microphone	n.	device for converting sound waves into electrical energy
microprocessor	n.	integrated circuit semiconductor chip that performs the bulk of the processing and controls the parts of a system
microscope	n.	magnifier of the image of small objects
microscopic	adj.	of or relating to or used in microscopy
microscopic	adj.	visible under a microscope; using a microscope
microscopic	adj.	extremely precise with great attention to details
microscopic	adj.	so small as to be invisible without a microscope
microscopical	adj.	of or relating to or used in microscopy
microscopical	adj.	visible under a microscope; using a microscope
microscopical	adj.	so small as to be invisible without a microscope
microscopy	n.	research with the use of microscopes
microsecond	n.	one millionth (10^-6) of a second; one thousandth of a millisecond
microsurgery	n.	surgery using operating microscopes and miniaturized precision instruments to perform intricate procedures on very small structures
microwave	n.	a short electromagnetic wave (longer than infrared but shorter than radio waves); used for radar and microwave ovens and for transmitting telephone, facsimile, video and data
microwave	n.	kitchen appliance that cooks food by passing an electromagnetic wave through it; heat results from the absorption of energy by the water molecules in the food
microwave	v.	cook or heat in a microwave oven
mid	adj.	used in combination to denote the middle
midair	n.	some point in the air; above ground level
midas	n.	(Greek legend) the greedy king of Phrygia who Dionysus gave the power to turn everything he touched into gold
midday	n.	the middle of the day
midden	n.	(archeology) a mound of domestic refuse containing shells and animal bones marking the site of a prehistoric settlement
midden	n.	a heap of dung or refuse
middle	n.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region
middle	n.	an intermediate part or section; - Aristotle
middle	n.	the middle area of the human torso (usually in front)
middle	n.	time between the beginning and the end of a temporal period
middle	v.	put in the middle
middle	adj.	being neither at the beginning nor at the end in a series
middle	adj.	equally distant from the extremes
middle	adj.	of a stage in the development of a language or literature between earlier and later stages
middle	adj.	between an earlier and a later period of time
middlebrow	n.	someone who is neither a highbrow nor a lowbrow
middleman	n.	someone who buys large quantities of goods and resells to merchants rather than to the ultimate customers
middleman	n.	the performer in the middle of a minstrel line who engages the others in talk
middleman	n.	a person who is in a position to give you special assistance
middlemen	n.	someone who buys large quantities of goods and resells to merchants rather than to the ultimate customers
middlemen	n.	the performer in the middle of a minstrel line who engages the others in talk
middlemen	n.	a person who is in a position to give you special assistance
middlemost	adj.	being in the exact middle
middleton	n.	English playwright and pamphleteer (1570-1627)
middleweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 165 pounds
middleweight	n.	a wrestler who weighs 172-192 pounds
middleweight	n.	a professional boxer who weighs between 155 and 160 pounds
middy	n.	blouse with a sailor collar
mideast	n.	the area around the eastern Mediterranean; from Turkey to northern Africa and eastward to Iran; the site of such ancient civilizations as Phoenicia and Babylon and Egypt and the birthplace of Judaism and Christianity and Islam; had continuous economic and political turmoil in the 20th century
midfield	n.	(sports) the middle part of a playing field (as in football or lacrosse)
midge	n.	minute two-winged mosquito-like fly lacking biting mouthparts; appear in dancing swarms especially near water
midget	n.	a person who is markedly small
midget	adj.	very small
midi	n.	the southern part of France
midi	n.	a standard protocol for communication between electronic musical instruments and computers
midi	adj.	used of women's clothing having a hemline at mid-calf
midland	n.	a town in west central Texas
midland	n.	the interior part of a country
midland	adj.	of or coming from the middle of a region or country
midmost	adj.	being in the exact middle
midmost	adv.	the middle or central part or point
midnight	n.	12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night
midpoint	n.	a point equidistant from the ends of a line or the extremities of a figure
midrib	n.	the vein in the center of a leaf
midriff	n.	the middle area of the human torso (usually in front)
midriff	n.	(anatomy) a muscular partition separating the abdominal and thoracic cavities; functions in respiration
midsection	n.	the middle area of the human torso (usually in front)
midshipman	n.	a temporary rank held by young naval officers in training
midshipmen	n.	a temporary rank held by young naval officers in training
midships	adv.	at or near or toward the center of a ship
midst	n.	the location of something surrounded by other things
midstream	n.	the middle of a stream
midsummer	n.	June 21, when the sun is at its northernmost point
midterm	n.	the middle of the gestation period
midterm	n.	middle of an academic term or a political term in office
midterm	n.	an examination administered in the middle of an academic term
midway	n.	the place at a fair or carnival where sideshows and similar amusements are located
midway	n.	naval battle of World War II (June 1942); American planes based on land and on carriers decisively defeated a Japanese fleet on its way to invade the Midway Islands
midway	adj.	equally distant from the extremes
midway	adv.	at half the distance; at the middle
midweek	n.	the fourth day of the week; the third working day
midweek	n.	the middle of a week
midweek	adv.	in the middle of the week
midwest	n.	the north central region of the United States (sometimes called the heartland or the breadbasket of America)
midwestern	adj.	of a region of the United States generally including Ohio; Indiana; Illinois; Iowa; Missouri; Kansas; Nebraska; and sometimes Michigan; Wisconsin; Minnesota
midwife	n.	a woman skilled in aiding the delivery of babies
midwifery	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with childbirth and care of the mother
midwifery	n.	assisting women at childbirth
midwinter	n.	the middle of winter
midwives	n.	a woman skilled in aiding the delivery of babies
mien	n.	dignified manner or conduct
miff	n.	a state of irritation or annoyance
miff	v.	cause to be annoyed
might	n.	physical strength
mightily	adv.	powerfully or vigorously
mightily	adv.	(Southern regional intensive) very; to a great degree
mightiness	n.	physical strength
mighty	adj.	having or showing great strength or force or intensity; ; ; - Bulwer-Lytton
mighty	adv.	(Southern regional intensive) very; to a great degree
mignonette	n.	Mediterranean woody annual widely cultivated for its dense terminal spikelike clusters greenish or yellowish white flowers having an intense spicy fragrance
migraine	n.	a severe recurring vascular headache; occurs more frequently in women than men
migrant	n.	traveler who moves from one region or country to another
migrant	adj.	habitually moving from place to place especially in search of seasonal work
migrate	v.	move from one country or region to another and settle there
migrate	v.	move periodically or seasonally
migration	n.	the movement of persons from one country or locality to another
migration	n.	a group of people migrating together (especially in some given time period)
migration	n.	(chemistry) the nonrandom movement of an atom or radical from one place to another within a molecule
migration	n.	the periodic passage of groups of animals (especially birds or fishes) from one region to another for feeding or breeding
migratory	adj.	used of animals that move seasonally
migratory	adj.	habitually moving from place to place especially in search of seasonal work
mikado	n.	the emperor of Japan; when regarded as a religious leader the emperor is called tenno
mike	n.	device for converting sound waves into electrical energy
mil	n.	a Cypriot monetary unit equal to one thousandth of a pound
mil	n.	a Swedish unit of length equivalent to 10 km
mil	n.	a unit of length equal to one thousandth of an inch; used to specify thickness (e.g., of sheets or wire)
mil	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one thousandth of a liter
mil	n.	an angular unit used in artillery; equal to 1/6400 of a complete revolution
milady	n.	an English noblewoman
milan	n.	the capital of Lombardy in northern Italy; has been an international center of trade and industry since the Middle Ages
milanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Milan
milanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Milan or its people
milch	adj.	giving milk; bred or suitable primarily for milk production
mild	adj.	moderate in type or degree or effect or force; far from extreme
mild	adj.	humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness
mild	adj.	mild and pleasant
mildew	n.	the process of becoming mildewed
mildew	n.	a fungus that produces a superficial (usually white) growth on organic matter
mildew	v.	become moldy; spoil due to humidity
mildness	n.	good weather with comfortable temperatures
mildness	n.	acting in a manner that is gentle and mild and even-tempered
mildness	n.	mercifulness as a consequence of being lenient or tolerant
mile	n.	a unit of length equal to 1,760 yards or 5,280 feet; exactly 1609.344 meters
mile	n.	a unit of length used in navigation; exactly 1,852 meters; historically based on the distance spanned by one minute of arc in latitude
mile	n.	a large distance
mile	n.	a former British unit of length once used in navigation; equivalent to 6,000 feet (1828.8 meters)
mile	n.	a former British unit of length equivalent to 6,080 feet (1,853.184 meters); 800 feet longer than a statute mile
mile	n.	an ancient Roman unit of length equivalent to 1620 yards
mile	n.	a Swedish unit of length equivalent to 10 km
mile	n.	a footrace extending one mile
mileage	n.	distance measured in miles
mileage	n.	the ratio of the number of miles traveled to the number of gallons of gasoline burned
mileage	n.	a travel allowance at a given rate per mile traveled
milepost	n.	stone post at side of a road to show distances
miler	n.	(used only in combinations) the length of something in miles
miler	n.	a runner in a one-mile race
miles	n.	a unit of length equal to 1,760 yards or 5,280 feet; exactly 1609.344 meters
miles	n.	a unit of length used in navigation; exactly 1,852 meters; historically based on the distance spanned by one minute of arc in latitude
miles	n.	a large distance
miles	n.	a former British unit of length once used in navigation; equivalent to 6,000 feet (1828.8 meters)
miles	n.	a former British unit of length equivalent to 6,080 feet (1,853.184 meters); 800 feet longer than a statute mile
miles	n.	an ancient Roman unit of length equivalent to 1620 yards
miles	n.	a Swedish unit of length equivalent to 10 km
miles	n.	a footrace extending one mile
milestone	n.	stone post at side of a road to show distances
milestone	n.	a significant event in your life (or in a project)
milieu	n.	the environmental condition
militancy	n.	a militant aggressiveness
militant	n.	a militant reformer
militant	adj.	disposed to warfare or hard-line policies
militant	adj.	showing a fighting disposition
militant	adj.	engaged in war
militarily	adv.	with respect to the military
militarism	n.	a political orientation of a people or a government to maintain a strong military force and to be prepared to use it aggressively to defend or promote national interests
militarist	n.	a person who advocates war or warlike policies
militaristic	adj.	imbued with militarism
militarization	n.	act of assembling and putting into readiness for war or other emergency:
militarize	v.	lend a military character to (a country), as by building up a military force
militarize	v.	adopt for military use
military	n.	the military forces of a nation
military	adj.	of or relating to the study of the principles of warfare
military	adj.	characteristic of or associated with soldiers or the military
military	adj.	associated with or performed by members of the armed services as contrasted with civilians
militate	v.	have force or influence; bring about an effect or change
militia	n.	civilians trained as soldiers but not part of the regular army
militia	n.	the entire body of physically fit civilians eligible by law for military service; ; --United States Constitution
militiaman	n.	a member of the militia; serves only during emergencies
militiamen	n.	a member of the militia; serves only during emergencies
milk	n.	a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human beings
milk	n.	produced by mammary glands of female mammals for feeding their young
milk	n.	a river that rises in the Rockies in northwestern Montana and flows eastward to become a tributary of the Missouri River
milk	n.	any of several nutritive milklike liquids
milk	v.	take milk from female mammals
milk	v.	exploit as much as possible
milk	v.	add milk to
milker	n.	cattle that are reared for their milk
milkmaid	n.	a woman who works in a dairy
milkman	n.	someone who delivers milk
milkmen	n.	someone who delivers milk
milkshake	n.	frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream
milksop	n.	a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive
milkweed	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Asclepias having milky juice and pods that split open releasing seeds with downy tufts
milkweed	n.	annual Eurasian sow thistle with soft spiny leaves and rayed yellow flower heads
milky	adj.	resembling milk in color not clear
mill	n.	a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing
mill	n.	Scottish philosopher who expounded Bentham's utilitarianism; father of John Stuart Mill (1773-1836)
mill	n.	English philosopher and economist remembered for his interpretations of empiricism and utilitarianism (1806-1873)
mill	n.	machinery that processes materials by grinding or crushing
mill	n.	the act of grinding to a powder or dust
mill	v.	move about in a confused manner
mill	v.	grind with a mill
mill	v.	produce a ridge around the edge of
mill	v.	roll out (metal) with a rolling machine
millay	n.	United States poet (1892-1950)
millennia	n.	a span of 1000 years
millennia	n.	(New Testament) in Revelations it is foretold that those faithful to Jesus will reign with Jesus over the earth for a thousand years; the meaning of these words have been much debated; some denominations (e.g. Jehovah's Witnesses) expect it to be a thousand years of justice and peace and happiness
millennia	n.	the 1000th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
millennial	adj.	relating to a millennium or span of a thousand years
millennium	n.	a span of 1000 years
millennium	n.	(New Testament) in Revelations it is foretold that those faithful to Jesus will reign with Jesus over the earth for a thousand years; the meaning of these words have been much debated; some denominations (e.g. Jehovah's Witnesses) expect it to be a thousand years of justice and peace and happiness
millennium	n.	the 1000th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
miller	n.	United States bandleader of a popular big band (1909-1944)
miller	n.	United States novelist whose novels were originally banned as pornographic (1891-1980)
miller	n.	United States playwright (1915-2005)
miller	n.	someone who works in a mill (especially a grain mill)
miller	n.	machine tool in which metal that is secured to a carriage is fed against rotating cutters that shape it
miller	n.	any of various moths that have powdery wings
millet	n.	any of various small-grained annual cereal and forage grasses of the genera Panicum, Echinochloa, Setaria, Sorghum, and Eleusine
millet	n.	French painter of rural scenes (1814-1875)
millet	n.	small seed of any of various annual cereal grasses especially Setaria italica
milliard	n.	a billion
millibar	n.	a unit of atmospheric pressure equal to one thousandth of a bar
milligram	n.	one thousandth (1/1,000) gram
millikan	n.	United States physicist who isolated the electron and measured its charge (1868-1953)
milliliter	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one thousandth of a liter
millimeter	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one thousandth of a meter
milliner	n.	someone who makes and sells hats
millinery	n.	shop selling women's hats
millinery	n.	hats for women; the wares sold by a milliner
milling	n.	corrugated edge of a coin
milling	v.	move about in a confused manner
milling	v.	grind with a mill
milling	v.	produce a ridge around the edge of
milling	v.	roll out (metal) with a rolling machine
million	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros
million	n.	a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)
million	adj.	(in Roman numerals, M written with a macron over it) denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000,000 items or units
millionaire	n.	a person whose material wealth is valued at more than a million dollars
millionairess	n.	a woman millionaire
millionth	n.	position 1,000,000 in a countable series of things
millionth	n.	one part in a million equal parts
millionth	adj.	the ordinal number of one million in counting order
millionths	n.	position 1,000,000 in a countable series of things
millionths	n.	one part in a million equal parts
millipede	n.	any of numerous herbivorous nonpoisonous arthropods having a cylindrical body of 20 to 100 or more segments most with two pairs of legs
millisecond	n.	one thousandth (10^-3) of a second
millpond	n.	a pond formed by damming a stream to provide a head of water to turn a mill wheel
millrace	n.	a channel for the water current that turns a millwheel
mills	n.	United States architect who was the presidentially appointed architect of Washington D.C. (1781-1855)
mills	n.	a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing
mills	n.	Scottish philosopher who expounded Bentham's utilitarianism; father of John Stuart Mill (1773-1836)
mills	n.	English philosopher and economist remembered for his interpretations of empiricism and utilitarianism (1806-1873)
mills	n.	machinery that processes materials by grinding or crushing
mills	n.	the act of grinding to a powder or dust
mills	v.	move about in a confused manner
mills	v.	grind with a mill
mills	v.	produce a ridge around the edge of
mills	v.	roll out (metal) with a rolling machine
millstone	n.	(figurative) something that hinders or handicaps
millstone	n.	any load that is difficult to carry
millstone	n.	one of a pair of heavy flat disk-shaped stones that are rotated against one another to grind the grain
millwright	n.	a workman who designs or erects mills and milling machinery
milne	n.	English writer of stories for children (1882-1956)
milo	n.	small drought-resistant sorghums having large yellow or whitish grains
milometer	n.	a meter that shows mileage traversed
milquetoast	n.	a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive
milt	n.	fish sperm or sperm-filled reproductive gland; having a creamy texture
milt	n.	seminal fluid produced by male fish
miltiades	n.	Athenian general who defeated the Persians at Marathon (540-489)
milton	n.	English poet; remembered primarily as the author of an epic poem describing humanity's fall from grace (1608-1674)
miltown	n.	a sedative and tranquilizer (trade name Miltown and Equanil and Meprin) used to treat muscle tension and anxiety
milwaukee	n.	largest city of Wisconsin; located in southeastern Wisconsin on the western shore of Lake Michigan; a flourishing agricultural center known for its breweries
mime	n.	an actor who communicates entirely by gesture and facial expression
mime	n.	a performance using gestures and body movements without words
mime	v.	imitate (a person or manner), especially for satirical effect
mime	v.	act out without words but with gestures and bodily movements only
mimeograph	n.	a rotary duplicator that uses a stencil through which ink is pressed (trade mark Roneo)
mimeograph	v.	print copies from (a prepared stencil) using a mimeograph
mimeographs	n.	a rotary duplicator that uses a stencil through which ink is pressed (trade mark Roneo)
mimeographs	v.	print copies from (a prepared stencil) using a mimeograph
mimetic	adj.	characterized by or of the nature of or using mimesis
mimetic	adj.	exhibiting mimicry; ; - R.W.Hamilton
mimic	n.	someone who mimics (especially an actor or actress)
mimic	v.	imitate (a person or manner), especially for satirical effect
mimic	adj.	constituting an imitation; - Archibald Alison
mimicked	v.	imitate (a person or manner), especially for satirical effect
mimicker	n.	someone who mimics (especially an actor or actress)
mimicking	v.	imitate (a person or manner), especially for satirical effect
mimicry	n.	the act of mimicking; imitative behavior
mimicry	n.	the resemblance of an animal species to another species or to natural objects; provides concealment and protection from predators
mimosa	n.	evergreen Australasian tree having white or silvery bark and young leaves and yellow flowers
mimosa	n.	any of various tropical shrubs or trees of the genus Mimosa having usually yellow flowers and compound leaves
mimosa	n.	a mixed drink containing champagne and orange juice
min	n.	a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour
min	n.	any of the forms of Chinese spoken in Fukien province
min	n.	an Egyptian god of procreation
minaret	n.	slender tower with balconies
minatory	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
mince	n.	food chopped into small bits
mince	v.	make less severe or harsh
mince	v.	walk daintily
mince	v.	cut into small pieces
mincemeat	n.	spiced mixture of chopped raisins and apples and other ingredients with or without meat
mincer	n.	a kitchen utensil that cuts or chops food (especially meat) into small pieces
mind	n.	that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason
mind	n.	recall or remembrance
mind	n.	an opinion formed by judging something
mind	n.	an important intellectual
mind	n.	attention
mind	n.	your intention; what you intend to do
mind	n.	knowledge and intellectual ability
mind	v.	be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by
mind	v.	be concerned with or about something or somebody
mind	v.	be in charge of or deal with
mind	v.	pay close attention to; give heed to
mind	v.	be on one's guard; be cautious or wary about; be alert to
mind	v.	keep in mind
mindanao	n.	the second largest island of the Philippines at the southern end of the archipelago; mountainous and volcanic
minded	v.	be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by
minded	v.	be concerned with or about something or somebody
minded	v.	be in charge of or deal with
minded	v.	pay close attention to; give heed to
minded	v.	be on one's guard; be cautious or wary about; be alert to
minded	v.	keep in mind
minded	adj.	(used in combination) mentally oriented toward something specified
minded	adj.	(usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward
mindful	adj.	bearing in mind; attentive to
mindfulness	n.	the trait of staying aware of (paying close attention to) your responsibilities
mindless	adj.	lacking the thinking capacity characteristic of a conscious being
mindless	adj.	requiring little mental effort
mindless	adj.	not mindful or attentive; - G.B.Shaw
mindless	adj.	devoid of intelligence
mindless	adj.	not marked by the use of reason
mindlessness	n.	total lack of meaning or ideas
mindlessness	n.	the trait of acting rashly and without prudence
mindoro	n.	a mountainous island in the central Philippines
mindset	n.	a habitual or characteristic mental attitude that determines how you will interpret and respond to situations
mine	n.	excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted
mine	n.	explosive device that explodes on contact; designed to destroy vehicles or ships or to kill or maim personnel
mine	v.	get from the earth by excavation
mine	v.	lay mines
minefield	n.	a region in which explosives mines have been placed
miner	n.	laborer who works in a mine
mineral	n.	solid homogeneous inorganic substances occurring in nature having a definite chemical composition
mineral	adj.	relating to minerals
mineral	adj.	composed of matter other than plant or animal
mineralogist	n.	a scientist trained in mineralogy
mineralogy	n.	the branch of geology that studies minerals: their structure and properties and the ways of distinguishing them
minerva	n.	(Roman mythology) goddess of wisdom; counterpart of Greek Athena
minestrone	n.	soup made with a variety of vegetables
minesweeper	n.	ship equipped to detect and then destroy or neutralize or remove marine mines
ming	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 1368 to 1644
mingle	v.	to bring or combine together or with something else
mingle	v.	get involved or mixed-up with
mingle	v.	be all mixed up or jumbled together
mingy	adj.	(used of persons or behavior) characterized by or indicative of lack of generosity
mini	n.	a very short skirt
mini	adj.	used of women's clothing; very short with hemline above the knee
miniature	n.	painting or drawing included in a book (especially in illuminated medieval manuscripts)
miniature	n.	a copy that reproduces a person or thing in greatly reduced size
miniature	adj.	being on a very small scale
miniaturist	n.	someone who paints tiny pictures in great detail
miniaturization	n.	act of making on a greatly reduced scale
miniaturize	v.	design or construct on a smaller scale
minibar	n.	sideboard with compartments for holding bottles
minibike	n.	small motorcycle with a low frame and small wheels and elevated handlebars
minibus	n.	a light bus (4 to 10 passengers)
minicab	n.	a minicar used as a taxicab
minicomputer	n.	a digital computer of medium size
minim	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 1/60th fluid dram or 0.059194 cubic centimeters
minim	n.	a United States liquid unit equal to 1/60 fluidram
minim	n.	a musical note having the time value of half a whole note
minima	n.	the smallest possible quantity
minima	n.	the point on a curve where the tangent changes from negative on the left to positive on the right
minimal	adj.	the least possible
minimalism	n.	an art movement in sculpture and painting that began in the 1950s and emphasized extreme simplification of form and color
minimalist	n.	a conservative who advocates only minor reforms in government or politics
minimalist	n.	a practitioner or advocate of artistic minimalism
minimalist	adj.	of or relating to artistic minimalism
minimalist	adj.	advocating minimal reforms (as in government or politics)
minimization	n.	the act of reducing something to the least possible amount or degree or position
minimize	v.	make small or insignificant
minimize	v.	represent as less significant or important
minimize	v.	cause to seem less serious; play down
minimum	n.	the smallest possible quantity
minimum	n.	the point on a curve where the tangent changes from negative on the left to positive on the right
minimum	adj.	the least possible
mining	n.	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth
mining	n.	laying explosive mines in concealed places to destroy enemy personnel and equipment
mining	v.	get from the earth by excavation
mining	v.	lay mines
minion	n.	a servile or fawning dependant
miniskirt	n.	a very short skirt
minister	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
minister	n.	a person appointed to a high office in the government
minister	n.	a diplomat representing one government to another; ranks below ambassador
minister	n.	the job of a head of a government department
minister	v.	attend to the wants and needs of others
minister	v.	work as a minister
ministerial	adj.	of or relating to a minister of religion or the minister's office
ministerial	adj.	of or relating to a government minister or ministry
ministrant	n.	someone who serves as a minister
ministrant	adj.	giving practical help to
ministration	n.	assistance in time of difficulty
ministry	n.	religious ministers collectively (especially Presbyterian)
ministry	n.	building where the business of a government department is transacted
ministry	n.	a government department under the direction of a minister
ministry	n.	the work of a minister of religion
minivan	n.	a small box-shaped passenger van; usually has removable seats; used as a family car
mink	n.	the expensive fur of a mink
mink	n.	fur coat made from the soft lustrous fur of minks
mink	n.	slender-bodied semiaquatic mammal having partially webbed feet; valued for its fur
minneapolis	n.	largest city in Minnesota; located in southeastern Minnesota on the Mississippi river; noted for flour mills; one of the Twin Cities
minnesota	n.	a midwestern state
minnesotan	n.	a native or resident of Minnesota
minnow	n.	very small European freshwater fish common in gravelly streams
minoan	n.	a Cretan who lived in the bronze-age culture of Crete about 3000-1100 BC
minoan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Bronze Age culture of Crete
minor	n.	a young person of either sex
minor	adj.	of lesser importance or stature or rank
minor	adj.	lesser in scope or effect
minor	adj.	inferior in number or size or amount
minor	adj.	of a scale or mode
minor	adj.	not of legal age
minor	adj.	of lesser seriousness or danger
minor	adj.	of your secondary field of academic concentration or specialization
minor	adj.	of the younger of two boys with the same family name
minor	adj.	warranting only temporal punishment
minor	adj.	limited in size or scope
minority	n.	a group of people who differ racially or politically from a larger group of which it is a part
minority	n.	being or relating to the smaller in number of two parts
minority	n.	any age prior to the legal age
minos	n.	son of Zeus and Europa; king of ancient Crete; ordered Daedalus to build the labyrinth; after death Minos became a judge in the underworld
minotaur	n.	(Greek mythology) a mythical monster with the head of a bull and the body of a man; slain by Theseus
minoxidil	n.	a vasodilator (trade name Loniten) used to treat severe hypertension; one side effect is hirsutism so it is also sold (trade name Rogaine) as a treatment for male-patterned baldness
minsk	n.	the capital of Belarus and of the Commonwealth of Independent States
minster	n.	any of certain cathedrals and large churches; originally connected to a monastery
minstrel	n.	a singer of folk songs
minstrel	n.	a performer in a minstrel show
minstrel	v.	celebrate by singing, in the style of minstrels
minstrelsy	n.	a troupe of minstrels
minstrelsy	n.	ballads sung by minstrels
minstrelsy	n.	the art of a minstrel
mint	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
mint	n.	any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small mauve flowers
mint	n.	any member of the mint family of plants
mint	n.	the leaves of a mint plant used fresh or candied
mint	n.	a candy that is flavored with a mint oil
mint	n.	a plant where money is coined by authority of the government
mint	v.	form by stamping, punching, or printing
mint	adj.	as if new
mintage	n.	coins collectively
mintage	n.	fee paid to a mint by the government for minting a coin
mintage	n.	act or process of minting coins
minter	n.	a skilled worker who coins or stamps money
minty	adj.	relating to or suggestive of mint
minuend	n.	the number from which the subtrahend is subtracted
minuet	n.	a stately court dance in the 17th century
minuet	n.	a stately piece of music composed for dancing the minuet; often incorporated into a sonata or suite
minuit	n.	Dutch colonist who bought Manhattan from the Native Americans for the equivalent of $24 (1580-1638)
minus	n.	an arithmetic operation in which the difference between two numbers is calculated
minus	adj.	on the negative side or lower end of a scale
minus	adj.	involving disadvantage or harm
minuscule	n.	the characters that were once kept in bottom half of a compositor's type case
minuscule	n.	a small cursive script developed from uncial between the 7th and 9th centuries and used in medieval manuscripts
minuscule	adj.	of or relating to a small cursive script developed from uncial; 7th to 9th centuries
minuscule	adj.	lowercase
minuscule	adj.	very small
minute	n.	a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour
minute	n.	an indefinitely short time
minute	n.	a particular point in time
minute	n.	a unit of angular distance equal to a 60th of a degree
minute	n.	a short note
minute	n.	distance measured by the time taken to cover it
minute	adj.	infinitely or immeasurably small
minute	adj.	characterized by painstaking care and detailed examination
minuteman	n.	an American militiaman prior to and during the American Revolution
minuteman	n.	a strategic weapon system using a guided missile of intercontinental range; missiles are equipped with nuclear warheads and dispersed in hardened silos
minutemen	n.	an American militiaman prior to and during the American Revolution
minutemen	n.	a strategic weapon system using a guided missile of intercontinental range; missiles are equipped with nuclear warheads and dispersed in hardened silos
minuteness	n.	the property of being very small in size
minuteness	n.	great precision; painstaking attention to details
minutia	n.	a small or minor detail
minutiae	n.	a small or minor detail
minx	n.	a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men
miocene	n.	from 25 million to 13 million years ago; appearance of grazing mammals
mips	n.	(computer science) a unit for measuring the execution speed of a computer's CPU (but not the whole system)
mirabeau	n.	French revolutionary who was prominent in the early days of the French Revolution (1749-1791)
miracle	n.	any amazing or wonderful occurrence
miracle	n.	a marvellous event manifesting a supernatural act of a divine agent
miraculous	adj.	being or having the character of a miracle
miraculous	adj.	peculiarly fortunate or appropriate; as if by divine intervention
mirage	n.	an optical illusion in which atmospheric refraction by a layer of hot air distorts or inverts reflections of distant objects
mirage	n.	something illusory and unattainable
mire	n.	a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot
mire	n.	deep soft mud in water or slush
mire	n.	a difficulty or embarrassment that is hard to extricate yourself from
mire	v.	entrap
mire	v.	cause to get stuck as if in a mire
mire	v.	be unable to move further
mire	v.	soil with mud, muck, or mire
miro	n.	New Zealand conifer used for lumber; the dark wood is used for interior carpentry
miro	n.	Spanish surrealist painter (1893-1983)
mirror	n.	polished surface that forms images by reflecting light
mirror	n.	a faithful depiction or reflection
mirror	v.	reflect as if in a mirror
mirror	v.	reflect or resemble
mirth	n.	great merriment
mirthful	adj.	full of or showing high-spirited merriment; ; - Wordsworth
mirthful	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
mirthfulness	n.	great merriment
mirthless	adj.	lacking mirth
miry	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
misaddress	v.	put a wrong address on
misadventure	n.	an instance of misfortune
misaligned	v.	align imperfectly or badly
misalignment	n.	the spatial property of things that are not properly aligned
misalliance	n.	an unsuitable alliance (especially with regard to marriage)
misanthrope	n.	someone who dislikes people in general
misanthropic	adj.	believing the worst of human nature and motives; having a sneering disbelief in e.g. selflessness of others
misanthropic	adj.	hating mankind in general
misanthropist	n.	someone who dislikes people in general
misanthropy	n.	hatred of mankind
misanthropy	n.	a disposition to dislike and mistrust other people
misapplication	n.	wrong use or application
misapplication	n.	the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else
misapply	v.	apply to a wrong thing or person; apply badly or incorrectly
misapprehend	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misapprehension	n.	an understanding of something that is not correct
misappropriate	v.	appropriate (as property entrusted to one's care) fraudulently to one's own use
misappropriation	n.	the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else
misappropriation	n.	wrongful borrowing
misbegotten	adj.	born out of wedlock; - E.A.Freeman
misbehave	v.	behave badly
misbehavior	n.	improper or wicked or immoral behavior
miscalculate	v.	judge incorrectly
miscalculate	v.	calculate incorrectly
miscalculation	n.	a mistake in calculating
miscall	v.	assign in incorrect name to
miscarriage	n.	failure of a plan
miscarriage	n.	a natural loss of the products of conception
miscarry	v.	be unsuccessful
miscarry	v.	suffer a miscarriage
miscast	v.	cast an actor, singer, or dancer in an unsuitable role
miscegenation	n.	reproduction by parents of different races (especially by white and non-white persons)
miscellaneous	adj.	consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds; ; ; ; ; ; - I.A.Richards
miscellaneous	adj.	having many aspects
miscellany	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
miscellany	n.	an anthology of short literary pieces and poems and ballads etc.
mischance	n.	an unpredictable outcome that is unfortunate
mischance	n.	an instance of misfortune
mischief	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
mischief	n.	the quality or nature of being harmful or evil
mischievous	adj.	naughtily or annoyingly playful
mischievous	adj.	deliberately causing harm or damage
mischievousness	n.	an attribute of mischievous children
mischievousness	n.	the trait of behaving like an imp
mischievousness	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
miscible	adj.	(chemistry, physics) capable of being mixed
misconceive	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misconception	n.	an incorrect conception
misconduct	n.	bad or dishonest management by persons supposed to act on another's behalf
misconduct	n.	activity that transgresses moral or civil law
misconduct	v.	behave badly
misconduct	v.	manage badly or incompetently
misconstruction	n.	a kind of misinterpretation resulting from putting a wrong construction on words or actions (often deliberately)
misconstruction	n.	an ungrammatical constituent
misconstrue	v.	interpret in the wrong way
miscount	n.	an inaccurate count
miscount	v.	count wrongly
miscreant	n.	a person without moral scruples
miscue	n.	a faulty shot in billiards; the cue tip slips off the cue ball
miscue	n.	a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small accidents or memory lapses etc.
misdeal	n.	an incorrect deal
misdeal	v.	deal cards wrongly
misdealt	v.	deal cards wrongly
misdeed	n.	improper or wicked or immoral behavior
misdemeanor	n.	a crime less serious than a felony
misdirect	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
misdirect	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
misdirect	v.	put a wrong address on
misdirection	n.	an incorrect charge to a jury given by a judge
misdirection	n.	incorrect directions or instructions
misdirection	n.	management that is careless or inefficient
misdirection	n.	the act of distracting; drawing someone's attention away from something
misdo	v.	do wrongly or improperly
misdoes	v.	do wrongly or improperly
misdoing	v.	do wrongly or improperly
miser	n.	a stingy hoarder of money and possessions (often living miserably)
miserableness	n.	a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune
miserably	adv.	in a miserable manner
miserliness	n.	total lack of generosity with money
misery	n.	a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune
misery	n.	a feeling of intense unhappiness
misfeasance	n.	doing a proper act in a wrongful or injurious manner
misfire	n.	an explosion that fails to occur
misfire	n.	a failure to hit (or meet or find etc)
misfire	v.	fail to fire or detonate
misfit	n.	someone unable to adapt to their circumstances
misfortune	n.	unnecessary and unforeseen trouble resulting from an unfortunate event
misfortune	n.	an unfortunate state resulting from unfavorable outcomes
misgiving	n.	uneasiness about the fitness of an action
misgiving	n.	painful expectation
misgiving	n.	doubt about someone's honesty
misgiving	v.	suggest fear or doubt
misgovern	v.	govern badly
misgovernment	n.	government that is inefficient or dishonest
misguide	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
misguide	v.	give bad advice to
misguided	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
misguided	v.	give bad advice to
misguided	adj.	poorly conceived or thought out
misguided	adj.	wrong in e.g. opinion or judgment
mishandle	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
mishandle	v.	manage badly or incompetently
mishap	n.	an unpredictable outcome that is unfortunate
mishap	n.	an instance of misfortune
mishmash	n.	a motley assortment of things
misidentify	v.	identify incorrectly
misinform	v.	give false or misleading information to
misinformation	n.	information that is incorrect
misinterpret	v.	interpret falsely
misinterpret	v.	interpret wrongly
misinterpret	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misinterpretation	n.	putting the wrong interpretation on
misjudge	v.	judge incorrectly
mislaid	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
mislaid	adj.	lost temporarily; as especially put in an unaccustomed or forgotten place
mislay	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
mislead	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
mislead	v.	give false or misleading information to
misleading	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
misleading	v.	give false or misleading information to
misleading	adj.	designed to deceive or mislead either deliberately or inadvertently
misled	v.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions
misled	v.	give false or misleading information to
mismanage	v.	manage badly or incompetently
mismanagement	n.	management that is careless or inefficient
mismatch	n.	a bad or unsuitable match
mismatch	v.	match badly; match two objects or people that do not go together
misname	v.	assign in incorrect name to
misnomer	n.	an incorrect or unsuitable name
misogamist	n.	a person who hates marriage
misogamy	n.	hatred of marriage
misogynist	n.	a misanthrope who dislikes women in particular
misogynistic	adj.	hating women in particular
misogynous	adj.	hating women in particular
misogyny	n.	hatred of women
misplace	v.	place (something) where one cannot find it again
misplace	v.	place or position wrongly; put in the wrong position
misplacement	n.	faulty position
misplay	n.	(baseball) a failure of a defensive player to make an out when normal play would have sufficed
misplay	v.	play incorrectly, e.g., play a wrong note
misplay	v.	play wrong or in an unskillful manner
misprint	n.	a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind
misprint	v.	print incorrectly
mispronounce	v.	pronounce a word incorrectly
mispronunciation	n.	incorrect pronunciation
misquotation	n.	an incorrect quotation
misquote	n.	an incorrect quotation
misquote	v.	quote incorrectly
misread	v.	read or interpret wrongly
misread	v.	interpret wrongly
misreading	n.	misinterpretation caused by inaccurate reading
misreading	v.	read or interpret wrongly
misreading	v.	interpret wrongly
misremember	v.	remember incorrectly
misrepresent	v.	represent falsely
misrepresent	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
misrepresentation	n.	a misleading falsehood
misrepresentation	n.	a willful perversion of facts
misrule	n.	government that is inefficient or dishonest
miss	n.	a young woman
miss	n.	a failure to hit (or meet or find etc)
miss	n.	a form of address for an unmarried woman
miss	v.	fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind
miss	v.	feel or suffer from the lack of
miss	v.	fail to attend an event or activity
miss	v.	leave undone or leave out
miss	v.	fail to reach or get to
miss	v.	be without
miss	v.	fail to reach
miss	v.	be absent
miss	v.	fail to experience
missal	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a book containing all the prayers and responses needed to celebrate Mass throughout the year
missed	v.	fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind
missed	v.	feel or suffer from the lack of
missed	v.	fail to attend an event or activity
missed	v.	leave undone or leave out
missed	v.	fail to reach or get to
missed	v.	be without
missed	v.	fail to reach
missed	v.	be absent
missed	v.	fail to experience
missed	adj.	not caught with the senses or the mind
misshapen	adj.	so badly formed or out of shape as to be ugly
missile	n.	a rocket carrying a warhead of conventional or nuclear explosives; may be ballistic or directed by remote control
missile	n.	a weapon that is forcibly thrown or projected at a targets but is not self-propelled
mission	n.	an organization of missionaries in a foreign land sent to carry on religious work
mission	n.	an operation that is assigned by a higher headquarters
mission	n.	a special assignment that is given to a person or group
mission	n.	the organized work of a religious missionary
mission	n.	a group of representatives or delegates
missionary	n.	someone who attempts to convert others to a particular doctrine or program
missionary	n.	someone sent on a mission--especially a religious or charitable mission to a foreign country
missionary	adj.	relating to or connected to a religious mission
missioner	n.	someone sent on a mission--especially a religious or charitable mission to a foreign country
mississippi	n.	a major North American river and the chief river of the United States; rises in northern Minnesota and flows southward into the Gulf of Mexico
mississippi	n.	a state in the Deep South on the gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate States during the American Civil War
mississippian	n.	from 345 million to 310 million years ago; increase of land areas; primitive ammonites; winged insects
mississippian	n.	a native or resident of Mississippi
missive	n.	a written message addressed to a person or organization
missoula	n.	a university town in western Montana
missouri	n.	a midwestern state in central United States; a border state during the American Civil War, Missouri was admitted to the Confederacy without actually seceding from the Union
missouri	n.	the longest river in the United States; arises in Montana and flows southeastward to become a tributary of the Mississippi at Saint Louis
missouri	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly inhabiting the valley of the Missouri river in Missouri
missouri	n.	a dialect of the Chiwere language spoken by the Missouri
missourian	n.	a native or resident of Missouri
misspeak	v.	pronounce a word incorrectly
misspell	v.	spell incorrectly
misspelling	n.	a spelling that is incorrect
misspelling	v.	spell incorrectly
misspend	v.	spend time badly or unwisely
misspend	v.	spend (money or other resources) unwisely
misspent	v.	spend time badly or unwisely
misspent	v.	spend (money or other resources) unwisely
misstate	v.	state something incorrectly
misstatement	n.	a statement that contains a mistake
misstep	n.	an unintentional but embarrassing blunder
missus	n.	informal term of address for someone's wife
missy	n.	a young woman
mist	n.	a thin fog with condensation near the ground
mist	v.	become covered with mist
mist	v.	make less visible or unclear
mist	v.	spray finely or cover with mist
mistakable	adj.	so similar as to be easily identified for another thing
mistake	n.	a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention
mistake	n.	an understanding of something that is not correct
mistake	n.	part of a statement that is not correct
mistake	v.	identify incorrectly
mistake	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
mistaken	v.	identify incorrectly
mistaken	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
mistaken	adj.	wrong in e.g. opinion or judgment
mistaken	adj.	arising from error
mister	n.	a form of address for a man
mistily	adv.	in a misty manner
mistily	adv.	in a vague way
mistime	v.	time incorrectly
mistiness	n.	cloudiness resulting from haze or mist or vapor
mistletoe	n.	American plants closely resembling Old World mistletoe
mistletoe	n.	Old World parasitic shrub having branching greenish stems with leathery leaves and waxy white glutinous berries; the traditional mistletoe of Christmas
mistletoe	n.	shrub of central and southeastern Europe; partially parasitic on beeches, chestnuts and oaks
mistook	v.	identify incorrectly
mistook	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
mistral	n.	a strong north wind that blows in France during the winter
mistranslated	v.	translate incorrectly
mistreat	v.	treat badly
mistreatment	n.	the practice of treating (someone or something) badly
mistress	n.	an adulterous woman; a woman who has an ongoing extramarital sexual relationship with a man
mistress	n.	a woman schoolteacher (especially one regarded as strict)
mistress	n.	a woman master who directs the work of others
mistrial	n.	a trial that is invalid or inconclusive
mistrust	n.	doubt about someone's honesty
mistrust	n.	the trait of not trusting others
mistrust	v.	regard as untrustworthy; regard with suspicion; have no faith or confidence in
mistrustful	adj.	openly distrustful and unwilling to confide
misty	adj.	filled or abounding with fog or mist
misty	adj.	wet with mist
misunderstand	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misunderstanding	n.	putting the wrong interpretation on
misunderstanding	n.	an understanding of something that is not correct
misunderstanding	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misunderstood	v.	interpret in the wrong way
misunderstood	adj.	wrongly understood
misuse	n.	improper or excessive use
misuse	v.	apply to a wrong thing or person; apply badly or incorrectly
misuse	v.	change the inherent purpose or function of something
mit	n.	an engineering university in Cambridge
mitchell	n.	English aeronautical engineer (1895-1937)
mitchell	n.	United States aviator and general who was an early advocate of military air power (1879-1936)
mitchell	n.	United States astronomer who studied sunspots and nebulae (1818-1889)
mitchell	n.	United States writer noted for her novel about the South during the American Civil War (1900-1949)
mitchell	n.	United States labor leader; president of the United Mine Workers of America from 1898 to 1908 (1870-1919)
mitchell	n.	United States dancer who formed the first Black classical ballet company (born in 1934)
mite	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
mite	n.	any of numerous very small to minute arachnids often infesting animals or plants or stored foods
miter	n.	joint that forms a corner; usually both sides are bevelled at a 45-degree angle to form a 90-degree corner
miter	n.	the surface of a beveled end of a piece where a miter joint is made
miter	n.	a liturgical headdress worn by bishops on formal occasions
miter	v.	bevel the edges of, to make a miter joint
miter	v.	confer a miter on (a bishop)
miter	v.	fit together in a miter joint
mitford	n.	United States writer (born in England) who wrote on American culture (1917-1996)
mitford	n.	English writer of comic novels (1904-1973)
mithra	n.	ancient Persian god of light and truth; sun god
mithridates	n.	ancient king of Pontus who expanded his kingdom by defeating the Romans but was later driven out by Pompey (132-63 BC)
mitigate	v.	lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of
mitigate	v.	make less severe or harsh
mitigated	v.	lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of
mitigated	v.	make less severe or harsh
mitigated	adj.	made less severe or intense
mitigation	n.	to act in such a way as to cause an offense to seem less serious
mitigation	n.	a partial excuse to mitigate censure; an attempt to represent an offense as less serious than it appears by showing mitigating circumstances
mitigation	n.	the action of lessening in severity or intensity
mitochondria	n.	an organelle containing enzymes responsible for producing energy
mitochondrion	n.	an organelle containing enzymes responsible for producing energy
mitosis	n.	cell division in which the nucleus divides into nuclei containing the same number of chromosomes
mitotic	adj.	of or relating to or undergoing mitosis
mitral	adj.	of or relating to or located in or near the mitral valve
mitral	adj.	relating to or resembling the miter worn by some clerics
mitt	n.	the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb
mitt	n.	the handwear used by fielders in playing baseball
mitten	n.	glove that encases the thumb separately and the other four fingers together
mitterrand	n.	French statesman and president of France from 1981 to 1985 (1916-1996)
mitzvah	n.	(Judaism) a precept or commandment of the Jewish law
mitzvah	n.	(Judaism) a good deed performed out of religious duty
mix	n.	a commercially prepared mixture of dry ingredients
mix	n.	an event that combines things in a mixture
mix	n.	the act of mixing together
mix	v.	mix together different elements
mix	v.	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups
mix	v.	combine (electronic signals)
mix	v.	add as an additional element or part
mix	v.	to bring or combine together or with something else
mix	v.	mix so as to make a random order or arrangement
mixed	v.	mix together different elements
mixed	v.	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups
mixed	v.	combine (electronic signals)
mixed	v.	add as an additional element or part
mixed	v.	to bring or combine together or with something else
mixed	v.	mix so as to make a random order or arrangement
mixed	adj.	consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds; ; ; ; ; ; - I.A.Richards
mixed	adj.	involving or composed of different races
mixer	n.	a party of people assembled to promote sociability and communal activity
mixer	n.	club soda or fruit juice used to mix with alcohol
mixer	n.	electronic equipment that mixes two or more input signals to give a single output signal
mixer	n.	a kitchen utensil that is used for mixing foods
mixture	n.	(chemistry) a substance consisting of two or more substances mixed together (not in fixed proportions and not with chemical bonding)
mixture	n.	any foodstuff made by combining different ingredients
mixture	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
mixture	n.	an event that combines things in a mixture
mixture	n.	the act of mixing together
mizzen	n.	third mast from the bow in a vessel having three or more masts; the after and shorter mast of a yawl, ketch, or dandy
mizzen	n.	fore-and-aft sail set on the mizzenmast
mizzenmast	n.	third mast from the bow in a vessel having three or more masts; the after and shorter mast of a yawl, ketch, or dandy
ml	n.	a metric unit of volume equal to one thousandth of a liter
mm	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one thousandth of a meter
mn	n.	a hard brittle grey polyvalent metallic element that resembles iron but is not magnetic; used in making steel; occurs in many minerals
mn	n.	a midwestern state
mnemonic	n.	a device (such as a rhyme or acronym) used to aid recall
mnemonic	adj.	of or relating to or involved the practice of aiding the memory
mnemosyne	n.	(Greek mythology) the Titaness who was goddess of memory; mother of the Muses
mo	n.	an indefinitely short time
mo	n.	a polyvalent metallic element that resembles chromium and tungsten in its properties; used to strengthen and harden steel
mo	n.	a midwestern state in central United States; a border state during the American Civil War, Missouri was admitted to the Confederacy without actually seceding from the Union
moan	n.	an utterance expressing pain or disapproval
moan	v.	indicate pain, discomfort, or displeasure
moaner	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
moat	n.	ditch dug as a fortification and usually filled with water
mob	n.	a disorderly crowd of people
mob	n.	a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge of organized criminal activities
mob	n.	an association of criminals
mob	v.	press tightly together or cram
mobbed	v.	press tightly together or cram
mobbing	v.	press tightly together or cram
mobile	n.	a river in southwestern Alabama; flows into Mobile Bay
mobile	n.	a port in southwestern Alabama on Mobile Bay
mobile	n.	sculpture suspended in midair whose delicately balanced parts can be set in motion by air currents
mobile	adj.	migratory
mobile	adj.	moving or capable of moving readily (especially from place to place)
mobile	adj.	having transportation available
mobile	adj.	capable of changing quickly from one state or condition to another
mobile	adj.	affording change (especially in social status)
mobility	n.	the quality of moving freely
mobilization	n.	act of assembling and putting into readiness for war or other emergency:
mobilization	n.	act of marshaling and organizing and making ready for use or action
mobilizations	n.	act of assembling and putting into readiness for war or other emergency:
mobilizations	n.	act of marshaling and organizing and making ready for use or action
mobilize	v.	make ready for action or use
mobilize	v.	call to arms; of military personnel
mobilize	v.	get ready for war
mobilize	v.	cause to move around
mobster	n.	a criminal who is a member of gang
moccasin	n.	soft leather shoe; originally worn by Native Americans
mocha	n.	soft suede glove leather from goatskin
mocha	n.	a flavoring made from coffee mixed with chocolate
mocha	n.	a superior dark coffee made from beans from Arabia
mocha	n.	a dark brown color
mock	n.	the act of mocking or ridiculing
mock	v.	treat with contempt
mock	v.	imitate with mockery and derision
mock	adj.	constituting a copy or imitation of something
mocker	n.	someone who jeers or mocks or treats something with contempt or calls out in derision
mocker	n.	long-tailed grey-and-white songbird of the southern United States able to mimic songs of other birds
mockery	n.	showing your contempt by derision
mockery	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
mockery	n.	humorous or satirical mimicry
mocking	v.	treat with contempt
mocking	v.	imitate with mockery and derision
mocking	adj.	abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule
mocking	adj.	playfully vexing (especially by ridicule); - Lawrence Durrell
mockingbird	n.	long-tailed grey-and-white songbird of the southern United States able to mimic songs of other birds
mod	n.	a British teenager or young adult in the 1960s; noted for their clothes consciousness and opposition to the rockers
mod	adj.	relating to a recently developed fashion or style
modal	n.	an auxiliary verb (such as `can' or `will') that is used to express modality
modal	adj.	relating to or constituting the most frequent value in a distribution
modal	adj.	of or relating to a musical mode; especially written in an ecclesiastical mode
modal	adj.	relating to or expressing the mood of a verb
modality	n.	a classification of propositions on the basis of whether they claim necessity or possibility or impossibility
modality	n.	verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the speaker
modality	n.	a particular sense
modality	n.	a method of therapy that involves physical or electrical therapeutic treatment
mode	n.	how something is done or how it happens
mode	n.	a particular functioning condition or arrangement
mode	n.	a classification of propositions on the basis of whether they claim necessity or possibility or impossibility
mode	n.	verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the speaker
mode	n.	any of various fixed orders of the various diatonic notes within an octave
mode	n.	the most frequent value of a random variable
model	n.	a hypothetical description of a complex entity or process
model	n.	a type of product
model	n.	a person who poses for a photographer or painter or sculptor
model	n.	representation of something (sometimes on a smaller scale)
model	n.	something to be imitated
model	n.	someone worthy of imitation
model	n.	a representative form or pattern
model	n.	a woman who wears clothes to display fashions
model	n.	the act of representing something (usually on a smaller scale)
model	v.	plan or create according to a model or models
model	v.	form in clay, wax, etc
model	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
model	v.	display (clothes) as a mannequin
model	v.	create a representation or model of
model	v.	construct a model of
model	adj.	worthy of imitation
modeler	n.	a person who creates models
modeling	n.	sculpture produced by molding
modeling	n.	a preliminary sculpture in wax or clay from which a finished work can be copied
modeling	n.	the act of representing something (usually on a smaller scale)
modeling	v.	plan or create according to a model or models
modeling	v.	form in clay, wax, etc
modeling	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
modeling	v.	display (clothes) as a mannequin
modeling	v.	create a representation or model of
modeling	v.	construct a model of
modem	n.	(from a combination of MOdulate and DEModulate) electronic equipment consisting of a device used to connect computers by a telephone line
moderate	n.	a person who takes a position in the political center
moderate	v.	preside over
moderate	v.	make less fast or intense
moderate	v.	lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in restraint; hold or keep within limits
moderate	v.	make less severe or harsh
moderate	v.	make less strong or intense; soften
moderate	v.	restrain
moderate	adj.	being within reasonable or average limits; not excessive or extreme
moderate	adj.	not extreme
moderate	adj.	marked by avoidance of extravagance or extremes
moderateness	n.	the property of being moderate in price or expenditures
moderateness	n.	quality of being moderate and avoiding extremes
moderation	n.	quality of being moderate and avoiding extremes
moderation	n.	a change for the better
moderation	n.	the trait of avoiding excesses
moderation	n.	the action of lessening in severity or intensity
moderator	n.	any substance used to slow down neutrons in nuclear reactors
moderator	n.	in the Presbyterian church, the officer who presides over a synod or general assembly
moderator	n.	someone who presides over a forum or debate
moderator	n.	someone who mediates disputes and attempts to avoid violence
modern	n.	a contemporary person
modern	n.	a typeface (based on an 18th century design by Gianbattista Bodoni) distinguished by regular shape and hairline serifs and heavy downstrokes
modern	adj.	belonging to the modern era; since the Middle Ages
modern	adj.	relating to a recently developed fashion or style
modern	adj.	characteristic of present-day art and music and literature and architecture
modern	adj.	ahead of the times
modern	adj.	used of a living language; being the current stage in its development
modernism	n.	genre of art and literature that makes a self-conscious break with previous genres
modernism	n.	the quality of being current or of the present
modernism	n.	practices typical of contemporary life or thought
modernist	n.	an artist who makes a deliberate break with previous styles
modernistic	adj.	relating to a recently developed fashion or style
modernity	n.	the quality of being current or of the present
modernization	n.	making modern in appearance or behavior
modernization	n.	a modernized version (as of a play)
modernize	v.	make repairs, renovations, revisions or adjustments to
modernize	v.	become technologically advanced
modernness	n.	the quality of being current or of the present
modest	adj.	marked by simplicity; having a humble opinion of yourself
modest	adj.	not large but sufficient in size or amount
modest	adj.	free from pomp or affectation
modest	adj.	not offensive to sexual mores in conduct or appearance
modest	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
modest	adj.	humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness
modest	adj.	limited in size or scope
modesty	n.	freedom from vanity or conceit
modesty	n.	formality and propriety of manner
modicum	n.	a small or moderate or token amount; - Ian Jack
modifiable	adj.	capable of being modified in form or character or strength (especially by making less extreme);  - Alexis Carrel
modification	n.	the act of making something different (as e.g. the size of a garment)
modification	n.	slightly modified copy; not an exact copy
modification	n.	the grammatical relation that exists when a word qualifies the meaning of the phrase
modification	n.	an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another
modified	v.	make less severe or harsh or extreme
modified	v.	add a modifier to a constituent
modified	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
modified	adj.	changed in form or character
modified	adj.	mediocre
modifier	n.	a content word that qualifies the meaning of a noun or verb
modifier	n.	a moderator who makes less extreme or uncompromising
modifier	n.	a person who changes something
modifier	n.	a gene that modifies the effect produced by another gene
modify	v.	make less severe or harsh or extreme
modify	v.	add a modifier to a constituent
modify	v.	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
modigliani	n.	Italian painter and sculptor (1884-1920)
modish	adj.	in the current fashion or style
modishness	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
modular	adj.	constructed with standardized units or dimensions allowing flexibility and variety in use
modulate	v.	change the key of, in music
modulate	v.	vary the pitch of one's speech
modulate	v.	fix or adjust the time, amount, degree, or rate of
modulate	v.	adjust the pitch, tone, or volume of
modulate	v.	vary the frequency, amplitude, phase, or other characteristic of (electromagnetic waves)
modulation	n.	a musical passage moving from one key to another
modulation	n.	(electronics) the transmission of a signal by using it to vary a carrier wave; changing the carrier's amplitude or frequency or phase
modulation	n.	rise and fall of the voice pitch
modulation	n.	a manner of speaking in which the loudness or pitch or tone of the voice is modified
modulation	n.	the act of modifying or adjusting according to due measure and proportion (as with regard to artistic effect)
modulations	n.	a musical passage moving from one key to another
modulations	n.	(electronics) the transmission of a signal by using it to vary a carrier wave; changing the carrier's amplitude or frequency or phase
modulations	n.	rise and fall of the voice pitch
modulations	n.	a manner of speaking in which the loudness or pitch or tone of the voice is modified
modulations	n.	the act of modifying or adjusting according to due measure and proportion (as with regard to artistic effect)
module	n.	one of the inherent cognitive or perceptual powers of the mind
module	n.	detachable compartment of a spacecraft
module	n.	computer circuit consisting of an assembly of electronic components (as of computer hardware)
module	n.	a self-contained component (unit or item) that is used in combination with other components
modulus	n.	an integer that can be divided without remainder into the difference between two other integers
modulus	n.	the absolute value of a complex number
modulus	n.	(physics) a coefficient that expresses how much of a specified property is possessed by a specified substance
mogadishu	n.	the capital and largest city of Somalia; a port on the Indian Ocean
mogul	n.	a bump on a ski slope
mogul	n.	a member of the Muslim dynasty that ruled India until 1857
mogul	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
mohair	n.	fabric made with yarn made from the silky hair of the Angora goat
mohammad	n.	the Arab prophet who, according to Islam, was the last messenger of Allah (570-632)
mohammedan	n.	a follower of Mohammed
mohammedan	adj.	of or relating to the Arabian prophet Muhammad or to the religion he founded
mohammedanism	n.	the monotheistic religious system of Muslims founded in Arabia in the 7th century and based on the teachings of Muhammad as laid down in the Koran
mohave	n.	a member of the North American Indian people formerly living in the Colorado river valley in Arizona and Nevada and California
mohave	n.	a desert area in southern California and western Arizona
mohave	n.	the Yuman language spoken by the Mohave
mohawk	n.	a member of the Iroquoian people formerly living along the Mohawk River in New York State
mohawk	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Mohawk
mohawk	n.	haircut in which the head is shaved except for a band of hair down the middle of the scalp
moho	n.	the boundary between the Earth's crust and the underlying mantle
mohorovicic	n.	Yugoslav geophysicist for whom the Mohorovicic discontinuity was named (1857-1936)
moiety	n.	one of two (approximately) equal parts
moiety	n.	one of two basic subdivisions of a tribe
moil	v.	work hard
moil	v.	be agitated
moil	v.	moisten or soil
moire	n.	silk fabric with a wavy surface pattern
moire	adj.	(of silk fabric) having a wavelike pattern
moist	adj.	slightly wet
moisten	v.	make moist
moisten	v.	moisten with fine drops
moistener	n.	a device that dampens or moistens something
moistness	n.	a slight wetness
moisture	n.	wetness caused by water
moisturize	v.	make (more) humid
mojave	n.	a member of the North American Indian people formerly living in the Colorado river valley in Arizona and Nevada and California
mojave	n.	a desert area in southern California and western Arizona
mojave	n.	the Yuman language spoken by the Mohave
molar	n.	grinding tooth with a broad crown; located behind the premolars
molar	adj.	of or pertaining to the grinding teeth in the back of a mammal's mouth
molar	adj.	designating a solution containing one mole of solute per liter of solution
molar	adj.	containing one mole of a substance
molar	adj.	pertaining to large units of behavior; --R.R. Hunt
molasses	n.	thick dark syrup produced by boiling down juice from sugar cane; especially during sugar refining
mold	n.	the distinctive form in which a thing is made
mold	n.	container into which liquid is poured to create a given shape when it hardens
mold	n.	loose soil rich in organic matter
mold	n.	the process of becoming mildewed
mold	n.	a fungus that produces a superficial growth on various kinds of damp or decaying organic matter
mold	n.	a dish or dessert that is formed in or on a mold
mold	n.	a distinctive nature, character, or type
mold	n.	sculpture produced by molding
mold	v.	form in clay, wax, etc
mold	v.	become moldy; spoil due to humidity
mold	v.	form by pouring (e.g., wax or hot metal) into a cast or mold
mold	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
mold	v.	fit tightly, follow the contours of
mold	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
moldavia	n.	a landlocked republic in eastern Europe; formerly a European soviet but achieved independence in 1991
moldboard	n.	wedge formed by the curved part of a steel plow blade that turns the furrow
molder	v.	break down
moldiness	n.	the quality of smelling or tasting old or stale or mouldy
molding	n.	the act of creating something by casting it in a mold
molding	n.	a decorative strip used for ornamentation or finishing
molding	n.	a decorative recessed or relieved surface on an edge
molding	n.	sculpture produced by molding
molding	n.	a preliminary sculpture in wax or clay from which a finished work can be copied
molding	v.	form in clay, wax, etc
molding	v.	become moldy; spoil due to humidity
molding	v.	form by pouring (e.g., wax or hot metal) into a cast or mold
molding	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
molding	v.	fit tightly, follow the contours of
molding	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
moldova	n.	a landlocked republic in eastern Europe; formerly a European soviet but achieved independence in 1991
moldovan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Moldova or its people or culture
moldy	adj.	covered with or smelling of mold
mole	n.	the molecular weight of a substance expressed in grams; the basic unit of amount of substance adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
mole	n.	a spy who works against enemy espionage
mole	n.	spicy sauce often containing chocolate
mole	n.	a small congenital pigmented spot on the skin
mole	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
mole	n.	small velvety-furred burrowing mammal having small eyes and fossorial forefeet
molecular	adj.	relating to or produced by or consisting of molecules
molecular	adj.	relating to simple or elementary organization; --G.A. Miller
molecule	n.	(physics and chemistry) the simplest structural unit of an element or compound
molecule	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
molehill	n.	a mound of earth made by moles while burrowing
moleskin	n.	a durable cotton fabric with a velvety nap
molest	v.	harass or assault sexually; make indecent advances to
molest	v.	annoy continually or chronically
molestation	n.	the act of subjecting someone to unwanted or improper sexual advances or activity (especially women or children)
molestation	n.	the act of tormenting by continued persistent attacks and criticism
molested	v.	harass or assault sexually; make indecent advances to
molested	v.	annoy continually or chronically
molester	n.	someone who subjects others to unwanted or improper sexual activities
moliere	n.	French author of sophisticated comedies (1622-1673)
moll	n.	the girlfriend of a gangster
mollie	n.	popular aquarium fish
mollification	n.	a state of being appeased or ameliorated or tempered
mollification	n.	the act of appeasing someone or causing someone to be more favorably inclined
mollify	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
mollify	v.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate
mollify	v.	make less rigid or softer
mollusk	n.	invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell
molly	n.	popular aquarium fish
mollycoddle	n.	a pampered darling; an effeminate man
mollycoddle	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
molnar	n.	Hungarian playwright (1878-1952)
moloch	n.	a tyrannical power to be propitiated by human subservience or sacrifice; ; - Norman Douglas
moloch	n.	god of the Canaanites and Phoenicians to whom parents sacrificed their children
moloch	n.	any lizard of the genus Moloch
molokai	n.	an island of central Hawaii (between Maui and Oahu)
molotov	n.	Soviet statesman (1890-1986)
molotov	n.	a city in the European part of Russia
molt	n.	periodic shedding of the cuticle in arthropods or the outer skin in reptiles
molt	v.	cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers
molter	n.	an animal (especially birds and arthropods and reptiles) that periodically shed their outer layer (feathers or cuticle or skin or hair)
moluccas	n.	a group of island in eastern Indonesia between Celebes and New Guinea; settled by the Portuguese but taken by the Dutch who made them the center for a spice monopoly, at which time they were known as Spice Islands
molybdenum	n.	a polyvalent metallic element that resembles chromium and tungsten in its properties; used to strengthen and harden steel
mom	n.	informal terms for a mother
mombasa	n.	a port city in southern Kenya on a coral island in a bay of the Indian Ocean
moment	n.	a particular point in time
moment	n.	an indefinitely short time
moment	n.	at this time
moment	n.	having important effects or influence
moment	n.	a turning force produced by an object acting at a distance (or a measure of that force)
moment	n.	the n-th moment of a distribution is the expected value of the n-th power of the deviations from a fixed value
momenta	n.	an impelling force or strength
momenta	n.	the product of a body's mass and its velocity
momentarily	adv.	for an instant or moment
momentarily	adv.	at any moment
momentary	adj.	lasting for a markedly brief time
momentous	adj.	of very great significance
momentousness	n.	utmost importance
momentum	n.	an impelling force or strength
momentum	n.	the product of a body's mass and its velocity
mommy	n.	informal terms for a mother
mon	n.	the second day of the week; the first working day
mon	n.	a member of a Buddhist people living in Myanmar and adjacent parts of Thailand
mon	n.	the Mon-Khmer language spoken by the Mon
mona	n.	an island to the northwest of Wales
monacan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Monaco
monacan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Monaco or its people
monaco	n.	a constitutional monarchy in a tiny enclave on the French Riviera
monad	n.	(chemistry) an atom having a valence of one
monad	n.	a singular metaphysical entity from which material properties are said to derive
monad	n.	(biology) a single-celled microorganism (especially a flagellate protozoan)
monarch	n.	a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right
monarch	n.	large migratory American butterfly having deep orange wings with black and white markings; the larvae feed on milkweed
monarchic	adj.	ruled by or having the supreme power resting with a monarch
monarchical	adj.	having the characteristics of or befitting or worthy of a monarch
monarchical	adj.	ruled by or having the supreme power resting with a monarch
monarchism	n.	a belief in and advocacy of monarchy as a political system
monarchist	n.	an advocate of the principles of monarchy
monarchs	n.	a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right
monarchs	n.	large migratory American butterfly having deep orange wings with black and white markings; the larvae feed on milkweed
monarchy	n.	an autocracy governed by a monarch who usually inherits the authority
monastery	n.	the residence of a religious community
monastic	n.	a male religious living in a cloister and devoting himself to contemplation and prayer and work
monastic	adj.	of communal life sequestered from the world under religious vows
monastical	adj.	of communal life sequestered from the world under religious vows
monasticism	n.	asceticism as a form of religious life; usually conducted in a community under a common rule and characterized by celibacy and poverty and obedience
monaural	adj.	relating to or having or hearing with only one ear
monday	n.	the second day of the week; the first working day
mondrian	n.	Dutch painter whose work (intersecting lines at right angles and planes in primary colors) influenced the development of abstract art (1872-1944)
monegasque	n.	a native or inhabitant of Monaco
monegasque	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Monaco or its people
monera	n.	prokaryotic bacteria and blue-green algae and various primitive pathogens; because of lack of consensus on how to divide the organisms into phyla informal names are used for the major divisions
monet	n.	French impressionist painter (1840-1926)
monetarism	n.	an economic theory holding that variations in unemployment and the rate of inflation are usually caused by changes in the supply of money
monetarist	n.	an advocate of the theory that economic fluctuations are caused by increases or decreases in the supply of money
monetary	adj.	relating to or involving money
monetization	n.	establishing something (e.g. gold or silver) as the legal tender of a country
monetize	v.	give legal value to or establish as the legal tender of a country
money	n.	the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender
money	n.	wealth reckoned in terms of money
money	n.	the official currency issued by a government or national bank
moneybag	n.	a drawstring bag for holding money
moneylender	n.	someone who lends money at excessive rates of interest
moneymaker	n.	someone who is successful in accumulating wealth
moneymaker	n.	a project that generates a continuous flow of money
moneymaking	n.	the act of making money (and accumulating wealth)
moneymaking	adj.	producing a sizeable profit
moneymaking	adj.	profit oriented; ; - John Buchan
monger	n.	someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold
monger	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
mongol	n.	a member of the nomadic peoples of Mongolia
mongol	adj.	of or relating to the region of Mongolia or its people or their languages or cultures
mongolia	n.	a landlocked socialist republic in central Asia
mongolia	n.	a vast region in Asia including the Mongolian People's Republic and China's Inner Mongolia
mongolian	n.	a member of the nomadic peoples of Mongolia
mongolian	n.	a family of Altaic language spoken in Mongolia
mongolian	adj.	of or relating to the modern Mongolian People's Republic
mongolian	adj.	of or relating to the region of Mongolia or its people or their languages or cultures
mongolic	n.	a family of Altaic language spoken in Mongolia
mongolism	n.	a congenital disorder caused by having an extra 21st chromosome; results in a flat face and short stature and mental retardation
mongoloid	n.	a member of the Mongoloid race
mongoloid	n.	a person suffering from Down syndrome (no longer used technically in this sense)
mongoloid	adj.	characteristic of or resembling a Mongol
mongoloid	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of one of the traditional racial division of humankind including especially peoples of central and eastern Asia
mongoloid	adj.	of or relating to or suffering from Down syndrome
mongoose	n.	agile grizzled Old World viverrine; preys on snakes and rodents
mongrel	n.	derogatory term for a variation that is not genuine; something irregular or inferior or of dubious origin
mongrel	n.	an inferior dog or one of mixed breed
moniker	n.	a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given name)
monism	n.	the doctrine that reality consists of a single basic substance or element
monition	n.	a firm rebuke
monition	n.	cautionary advice about something imminent (especially imminent danger or other unpleasantness)
monition	n.	a summons issued after the filing of a libel or claim directing all parties concerned to show cause why the judgment asked for should not be granted
monitor	n.	someone who supervises (an examination)
monitor	n.	someone who gives a warning so that a mistake can be avoided
monitor	n.	an ironclad vessel built by Federal forces to do battle with the Merrimac
monitor	n.	display produced by a device that takes signals and displays them on a television screen or a computer monitor
monitor	n.	electronic equipment that is used to check the quality or content of electronic transmissions
monitor	n.	a piece of electronic equipment that keeps track of the operation of a system continuously and warns of trouble
monitor	n.	any of various large tropical carnivorous lizards of Africa and Asia and Australia; fabled to warn of crocodiles
monitor	v.	keep tabs on; keep an eye on; keep under surveillance
monitor	v.	check, track, or observe by means of a receiver
monitory	adj.	serving to warn
monk	n.	a male religious living in a cloister and devoting himself to contemplation and prayer and work
monk	n.	United States jazz pianist who was one of the founders of the bebop style (1917-1982)
monkey	n.	any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians)
monkey	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
monkey	v.	play around with or alter or falsify, usually secretively or dishonestly
monkey	v.	do random, unplanned work or activities or spend time idly
monkish	adj.	befitting a monk; inclined to self-denial
monkshood	n.	a poisonous herb native to northern Europe having hooded blue-purple flowers; the dried leaves and roots yield aconite
mono	n.	an acute disease characterized by fever and swollen lymph nodes and an abnormal increase of mononuclear leucocytes or monocytes in the bloodstream; not highly contagious; some believe it can be transmitted by kissing
mono	adj.	designating sound transmission or recording or reproduction over a single channel
monochromatic	adj.	of or relating to monochromatism
monochromatic	adj.	(of light or other electromagnetic radiation) having only one wavelength
monochromatic	adj.	having or appearing to have only one color
monochrome	n.	painting done in a range of tones of a single color
monochrome	n.	a black-and-white photograph or slide
monochrome	adj.	having or appearing to have only one color
monocle	n.	lens for correcting defective vision in one eye; held in place by facial muscles
monoclonal	n.	any of a class of antibodies produced in the laboratory by a single clone of cells or a cell line and consisting of identical antibody molecules
monoclonal	adj.	forming or derived from a single clone
monocotyledon	n.	a monocotyledonous flowering plant; the stem grows by deposits on its inside
monocotyledonous	adj.	(of a flowering plant) having a single cotyledon in the seed as in grasses and lilies
monodic	adj.	having a single vocal part
monody	n.	music consisting of a single vocal part (usually with accompaniment)
monogamist	n.	someone who practices monogamy (one spouse at a time)
monogamous	adj.	(used of relationships and of individuals) having one mate
monogamy	n.	having only one spouse at a time
monogram	n.	a graphic symbol consisting of 2 or more letters combined (usually your initials); printed on stationery or embroidered on clothing
monograph	n.	a detailed and documented treatise on a particular subject
monographs	n.	a detailed and documented treatise on a particular subject
monolingual	n.	a person who knows only one language
monolingual	adj.	using or knowing only one language
monolith	n.	a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk)
monolithic	adj.	imposing in size or bulk or solidity
monolithic	adj.	characterized by massiveness and rigidity and total uniformity
monoliths	n.	a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk)
monologist	n.	an entertainer who performs alone
monologue	n.	speech you make to yourself
monologue	n.	a long utterance by one person (especially one that prevents others from participating in the conversation)
monologue	n.	a (usually long) dramatic speech by a single actor
monomania	n.	a mania restricted to one thing or idea
monomaniac	n.	a person suffering from monomania
monomaniacal	adj.	obsessed with a single subject or idea
monomer	n.	a simple compound whose molecules can join together to form polymers
monongahela	n.	a river that rises in northern West Virginia and flows north into Pennsylvania where it joins the Allegheny River at Pittsburgh to form the Ohio River
mononucleosis	n.	an acute disease characterized by fever and swollen lymph nodes and an abnormal increase of mononuclear leucocytes or monocytes in the bloodstream; not highly contagious; some believe it can be transmitted by kissing
monophonic	adj.	designating sound transmission or recording or reproduction over a single channel
monophonic	adj.	consisting of a single melodic line
monoplane	n.	an airplane with a single wing
monopolist	n.	someone who monopolizes the means of producing or selling something
monopolistic	adj.	having exclusive control over a commercial activity by possession or legal grant
monopolization	n.	domination (of a market or commodity) to the exclusion of others
monopolize	v.	have and control fully and exclusively
monopolize	v.	have or exploit a monopoly of
monopolizer	n.	someone who monopolizes the means of producing or selling something
monopoly	n.	(economics) a market in which there are many buyers but only one seller
monopoly	n.	exclusive control or possession of something
monopoly	n.	a board game in which players try to gain a monopoly on real estate as pieces advance around the board according to the throw of a die
monorail	n.	a railway having a single track
monosyllabic	adj.	having or characterized by or consisting of one syllable
monosyllable	n.	a word or utterance of one syllable
monotheism	n.	belief in a single God
monotheist	n.	a believer in one god
monotheistic	adj.	believing that there is only one god
monotone	n.	an unchanging intonation
monotone	n.	a single tone repeated with different words or different rhythms (especially in rendering liturgical texts)
monotone	adj.	of a sequence or function; consistently increasing and never decreasing or consistently decreasing and never increasing in value
monotone	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
monotonic	adj.	of a sequence or function; consistently increasing and never decreasing or consistently decreasing and never increasing in value
monotonic	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
monotonous	adj.	tediously repetitious or lacking in variety
monotonous	adj.	sounded or spoken in a tone unvarying in pitch
monotony	n.	the quality of wearisome constancy, routine, and lack of variety
monotony	n.	constancy of tone or pitch or inflection
monounsaturated	adj.	(of long-chain carbon compounds especially fats) saturated except for one multiple bond
monoxide	n.	an oxide containing just one atom of oxygen in the molecule
monroe	n.	United States film actress noted for sex appeal (1926-1962)
monroe	n.	5th President of the United States; author of the Monroe Doctrine (1758-1831)
monroe	n.	a town of southeast Michigan on Lake Erie
monroe	n.	a town in north central Louisiana
monrovia	n.	the capital and chief port and largest city of Liberia
monsieur	n.	used as a French courtesy title; equivalent to English `Mr'
monsignor	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) an ecclesiastical title of honor bestowed on some priests
monsoon	n.	a seasonal wind in southern Asia; blows from the southwest (bringing rain) in summer and from the northeast in winter
monsoon	n.	rainy season in southern Asia when the southwestern monsoon blows, bringing heavy rains
monsoon	n.	any wind that changes direction with the seasons
monster	n.	an imaginary creature usually having various human and animal parts
monster	n.	someone or something that is abnormally large and powerful
monster	n.	a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed
monster	n.	a cruel wicked and inhuman person
monster	n.	(medicine) a grossly malformed and usually nonviable fetus
monstrance	n.	proof by a process of argument or a series of proposition proving an asserted conclusion
monstrance	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a vessel (usually of gold or silver) in which the consecrated Host is exposed for adoration
monstrosity	n.	a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed
monstrosity	n.	something hideous or frightful
monstrous	adj.	abnormally large
monstrous	adj.	shockingly brutal or cruel
monstrous	adj.	distorted and unnatural in shape or size; abnormal and hideous
montage	n.	a paste-up made by sticking together pieces of paper or photographs to form an artistic image
montaigne	n.	French writer regarded as the originator of the modern essay (1533-1592)
montana	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Canadian border
montanan	n.	a native or resident of Montana
monte	n.	a gambling card game of Spanish origin; 3 or 4 cards are dealt face up and players bet that one of them will be matched before the others as the cards are dealt from the pack one at a time
montenegro	n.	a former country bordering on the Adriatic Sea; now part of the Union of Serbia and Montenegro
monterey	n.	a town in western California to the south of San Francisco on a peninsula at the southern end of Monterey Bay
monterrey	n.	an industrial city in northeastern Mexico
montesquieu	n.	French political philosopher who advocated the separation of executive and legislative and judicial powers (1689-1755)
montessori	n.	Italian educator who developed a method of teaching mentally handicapped children and advocated a child-centered approach (1870-1952)
monteverdi	n.	Italian composer (1567-1643)
montevideo	n.	the capital and largest city of Uruguay; a cosmopolitan city and one of the busiest ports in South America
montezuma	n.	evergreen tree with large leathery leaves and large pink to orange flowers; considered a link plant between families Bombacaceae and Sterculiaceae
montgolfier	n.	French inventor who (with his brother Josef Michel Montgolfier) pioneered hot-air ballooning (1745-1799)
montgolfier	n.	French inventor who (with his brother Jacques Etienne Montgolfier) pioneered hot-air ballooning (1740-1810)
montgomery	n.	Canadian novelist (1874-1942)
montgomery	n.	English general during World War II; won victories over Rommel in North Africa and led British ground forces in the invasion of Normandy (1887-1976)
montgomery	n.	the state capital of Alabama on the Mobile River
month	n.	one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
month	n.	a time unit of approximately 30 days
monthly	n.	a periodical that is published every month (or 12 issues per year)
monthly	adj.	of or occurring or payable every month
monthly	adv.	occurring once a month
months	n.	one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
months	n.	a time unit of approximately 30 days
montpelier	n.	capital of the state of Vermont; located in north central Vermont
montrachet	n.	a white Burgundy wine
montreal	n.	a city in southern Quebec province on the Saint Lawrence River; the largest city in Quebec and 2nd largest in Canada; the 2nd largest French-speaking city in the world
montserrat	n.	a volcanic island in the Caribbean; in the West Indies
monument	n.	a structure erected to commemorate persons or events
monument	n.	an important site that is marked and preserved as public property
monument	n.	a burial vault (usually for some famous person)
monumental	adj.	relating or belonging to or serving as a monument
monumental	adj.	of outstanding significance
monumental	adj.	imposing in size or bulk or solidity
moo	n.	the sound made by a cow or bull
moo	v.	make a low noise, characteristic of bovines
mooch	n.	someone who mooches or cadges (tries to get something free)
mooch	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
moocher	n.	someone who mooches or cadges (tries to get something free)
mood	n.	a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling
mood	n.	the prevailing psychological state
mood	n.	verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the speaker
moodily	adv.	in a moody manner
moodiness	n.	a sullen gloomy feeling
moodiness	n.	having temperamental and changeable moods
moody	n.	United States tennis player who dominated women's tennis in the 1920s and 1930s (1905-1998)
moody	n.	United States evangelist (1837-1899)
moody	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
moody	adj.	subject to sharply varying moods
moon	n.	the natural satellite of the Earth
moon	n.	any object resembling a moon
moon	n.	the period between successive new moons (29.531 days)
moon	n.	the light of the Moon
moon	n.	United States religious leader (born in Korea) who founded the Unification Church in 1954; was found guilty of conspiracy to evade taxes (born in 1920)
moon	n.	any natural satellite of a planet
moon	v.	have dreamlike musings or fantasies while awake
moon	v.	be idle in a listless or dreamy way
moon	v.	expose one's buttocks to
moonbeam	n.	a ray of moonlight
moonless	adj.	without a moon or a visible moon
moonlight	n.	the light of the Moon
moonlight	v.	work a second job, usually after hours
moonlighter	n.	a person who holds a second job (usually after hours)
moonlighting	v.	work a second job, usually after hours
moonlit	adj.	lighted by moonlight
moonshine	n.	the light of the Moon
moonshine	n.	whiskey illegally distilled from a corn mash
moonshine	v.	distill (alcohol) illegally; produce moonshine
moonshiner	n.	someone who makes or sells illegal liquor
moonstone	n.	a transparent or translucent gemstone with a pearly luster; some specimens are orthoclase feldspar and others are plagioclase feldspar
moonstruck	adj.	insane and believed to be affected by the phases of the moon
moonwalk	n.	a kind of dance step in which the dancer seems to be sliding on the spot
moonwalk	n.	an exploratory walk by an astronaut on the surface of the moon
moor	n.	one of the Muslim people of north Africa; of mixed Arab and Berber descent; converted to Islam in the 8th century; conqueror of Spain in the 8th century
moor	n.	open land usually with peaty soil covered with heather and bracken and moss
moor	v.	secure in or as if in a berth or dock
moor	v.	come into or dock at a wharf
moor	v.	secure with cables or ropes
moore	n.	United States composer of works noted for their use of the American vernacular (1893-1969)
moore	n.	English actor and comedian who appeared on television and in films (born in 1935)
moore	n.	English philosopher (1873-1958)
moore	n.	Irish poet who wrote nostalgic and patriotic verse (1779-1852)
moore	n.	United States poet noted for irony and wit (1887-1872)
moore	n.	British sculptor whose works are monumental organic forms (1898-1986)
moorhen	n.	black gallinule that inhabits ponds and lakes
moorhen	n.	female red grouse
mooring	n.	a place where a craft can be made fast
mooring	n.	(nautical) a line that holds an object (especially a boat) in place
mooring	v.	secure in or as if in a berth or dock
mooring	v.	come into or dock at a wharf
mooring	v.	secure with cables or ropes
moorish	n.	a style of architecture common in Spain from the 13th to 16th centuries; characterized by horseshoe-shaped arches
moorish	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the Moors
moorland	n.	open land usually with peaty soil covered with heather and bracken and moss
moose	n.	large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America
moot	n.	a hypothetical case that law students argue as an exercise
moot	v.	think about carefully; weigh
moot	adj.	of no legal significance (as having been previously decided)
moot	adj.	open to argument or debate
mop	n.	cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for cleaning floors
mop	v.	to wash or wipe with or as if with a mop
mop	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
mope	n.	someone who wastes time
mope	v.	move around slowly and aimlessly
mope	v.	be apathetic, gloomy, or dazed
moped	n.	a motorbike that can be pedaled or driven by a low-powered gasoline engine
moped	v.	move around slowly and aimlessly
moped	v.	be apathetic, gloomy, or dazed
moped	v.	to wash or wipe with or as if with a mop
moped	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
mopped	v.	to wash or wipe with or as if with a mop
mopped	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
moppet	n.	a little girl (usually one you are fond of)
mopping	n.	cleaning with a mop
mopping	v.	to wash or wipe with or as if with a mop
mopping	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
moraine	n.	accumulated earth and stones deposited by a glacier
moral	n.	the significance of a story or event
moral	adj.	concerned with principles of right and wrong or conforming to standards of behavior and character based on those principles
moral	adj.	psychological rather than physical or tangible in effect
morale	n.	a state of individual psychological well-being based upon a sense of confidence and usefulness and purpose
morale	n.	the spirit of a group that makes the members want the group to succeed
morales	n.	a state of individual psychological well-being based upon a sense of confidence and usefulness and purpose
morales	n.	the spirit of a group that makes the members want the group to succeed
moralism	n.	a moral maxim
moralism	n.	judgments about another person's morality
moralist	n.	a philosopher who specializes in morals and moral problems
moralist	n.	someone who demands exact conformity to rules and forms
moralistic	adj.	narrowly and conventionally moral
moralities	n.	concern with the distinction between good and evil or right and wrong; right or good conduct
moralities	n.	motivation based on ideas of right and wrong
morality	n.	concern with the distinction between good and evil or right and wrong; right or good conduct
morality	n.	motivation based on ideas of right and wrong
moralization	n.	indulgence in moral pronouncements; the exposition (often superficially) of a particular moral code
moralization	n.	the act of making moral (or more moral)
moralize	v.	interpret the moral meaning of
moralize	v.	speak as if delivering a sermon; express moral judgements
moralize	v.	improve the morals of
morass	n.	a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot
moratorium	n.	a legally authorized postponement before some obligation must be discharged
moratorium	n.	suspension of an ongoing activity
moravia	n.	a region in the central and eastern part of the Czech Republic; it lies to the east of Bohemia and to the west of the Carpathians
moravian	adj.	of or relating to the people or culture of Moravia
moray	n.	family of brightly colored voracious eels of warm coastal waters; generally nonaggressive to humans but larger species are dangerous if provoked
morbid	adj.	suggesting an unhealthy mental state
morbid	adj.	suggesting the horror of death and decay
morbid	adj.	caused by or altered by or manifesting disease or pathology
morbidity	n.	the relative incidence of a particular disease
morbidity	n.	an abnormally gloomy or unhealthy state of mind
morbidity	n.	the quality of being unhealthful and generally bad for you
morbidness	n.	an abnormally gloomy or unhealthy state of mind
morbidness	n.	the quality of being unhealthful and generally bad for you
mordant	n.	a substance used to treat leather or other materials before dyeing; aids in dyeing process
mordant	adj.	harshly ironic or sinister
mordant	adj.	of a substance, especially a strong acid; capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action
more	n.	English statesman who opposed Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon and was imprisoned and beheaded; recalled for his concept of Utopia, the ideal state
more	adj.	(comparative of `much' used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning greater in size or amount or extent or degree
more	adj.	(comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in number
more	adv.	used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
more	adv.	comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
morel	n.	any of various edible mushrooms of the genus Morchella having a brownish spongelike cap
moreover	adv.	in addition
mores	n.	(sociology) the conventions that embody the fundamental values of a group
mores	n.	English statesman who opposed Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon and was imprisoned and beheaded; recalled for his concept of Utopia, the ideal state
morgan	n.	United States anthropologist who studied the Seneca (1818-1881)
morgan	n.	United States biologist who formulated the chromosome theory of heredity (1866-1945)
morgan	n.	a Welsh buccaneer who raided Spanish colonies in the West Indies for the English (1635-1688)
morgan	n.	soldier in the American Revolution who defeated the British in the battle of Cowpens, South Carolina (1736-1802)
morgan	n.	United States financier and philanthropist (1837-1913)
morgan	n.	an American breed of small compact saddle horses
morgantown	n.	a city in northern West Virginia on the Monongahela river near the Pennsylvania border; site of the University of West Virginia
morgue	n.	a building (or room) where dead bodies are kept before burial or cremation
moribund	adj.	not growing or changing; without force or vitality
moribund	adj.	being on the point of death; breathing your last
morley	n.	United States chemist and physicist who collaborated with Michelson in the Michelson-Morley experiment (1838-1923)
mormon	n.	the ancient prophet whose writings were revealed to Joseph Smith who founded the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
mormon	n.	a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
mormon	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the Mormon Church
mormonism	n.	the doctrines and practices of the Mormon Church based on the Book of Mormon
morn	n.	the time period between dawn and noon
morning	n.	the time period between dawn and noon
morning	n.	a conventional expression of greeting or farewell
morning	n.	the first light of day
morning	n.	the earliest period
moro	n.	a member of the predominantly Muslim people in the southern Philippines
moroccan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Morocco
moroccan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Morocco or its people
morocco	n.	a kingdom (constitutional monarchy) in northwestern Africa with a largely Muslim population; achieved independence from France in 1956
morocco	n.	a soft pebble-grained leather made from goatskin; used for shoes and book bindings etc.
moron	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
moron	n.	a city in Argentina, to the west of Buenos Aires
moronic	adj.	having a mental age of between eight and twelve years
morose	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
moroseness	n.	a gloomy ill-tempered feeling
moroseness	n.	a sullen moody resentful disposition
morph	v.	cause to change shape in a computer animation
morph	v.	change shape as via computer animation
morpheme	n.	minimal meaningful language unit; it cannot be divided into smaller meaningful units
morphemic	adj.	of or relating to morphemes
morpheus	n.	the Roman god of sleep and dreams
morphia	n.	an alkaloid narcotic drug extracted from opium; a powerful, habit-forming narcotic used to relieve pain
morphine	n.	an alkaloid narcotic drug extracted from opium; a powerful, habit-forming narcotic used to relieve pain
morphing	v.	cause to change shape in a computer animation
morphing	v.	change shape as via computer animation
morphological	adj.	relating to or concerned with the formation of admissible words in a language
morphological	adj.	pertaining to geological structure
morphological	adj.	relating to or concerned with the morphology of plants and animals
morphology	n.	the branch of biology that deals with the structure of animals and plants
morphology	n.	studies of the rules for forming admissible words
morphology	n.	the admissible arrangement of sounds in words
morphology	n.	the branch of geology that studies the characteristics and configuration and evolution of rocks and land forms
morphs	v.	cause to change shape in a computer animation
morphs	v.	change shape as via computer animation
morris	n.	United States suffragist in Wyoming (1814-1902)
morris	n.	English poet and craftsman (1834-1896)
morris	n.	leader of the American Revolution who signed the Declaration of Independence and raised money for the Continental Army (1734-1806)
morris	n.	United States statesman who led the committee that produced the final draft of the United States Constitution (1752-1816)
morrison	n.	United States rock singer (1943-1971)
morrison	n.	United States writer whose novels describe the lives of African-Americans (born in 1931)
morristown	n.	a town in northern New Jersey where the Continental Army spent two winters
morrow	n.	the next day
morse	n.	a telegraph code in which letters and numbers are represented by strings of dots and dashes (short and long signals)
morse	n.	United States portrait painter who patented the telegraph and developed the Morse code (1791-1872)
morsel	n.	a small quantity of anything
morsel	n.	a small amount of solid food; a mouthful
mortal	n.	a human being
mortal	adj.	subject to death
mortal	adj.	involving loss of divine grace or spiritual death
mortal	adj.	unrelenting and deadly
mortal	adj.	causing or capable of causing death
mortality	n.	the quality or state of being mortal
mortality	n.	the ratio of deaths in an area to the population of that area; expressed per 1000 per year
mortar	n.	a muzzle-loading high-angle gun with a short barrel that fires shells at high elevations for a short range
mortar	n.	used as a bond in masonry or for covering a wall
mortar	n.	a bowl-shaped vessel in which substances can be ground and mixed with a pestle
mortar	v.	plaster with mortar
mortarboard	n.	a square board with a handle underneath; used by masons to hold or carry mortar
mortarboard	n.	an academic cap with a flat square with a tassel on top
mortgage	n.	a conditional conveyance of property as security for the repayment of a loan
mortgage	v.	put up as security or collateral
mortgagee	n.	the person who accepts a mortgage
mortgagor	n.	the person who gives a mortgage in return for money to be repaid
mortician	n.	one whose business is the management of funerals
mortification	n.	strong feelings of embarrassment
mortification	n.	the localized death of living cells (as from infection or the interruption of blood supply)
mortification	n.	an instance in which you are caused to lose your prestige or self-respect
mortification	n.	(Christianity) the act of mortifying the lusts of the flesh by self-denial and privation (especially by bodily pain or discomfort inflicted on yourself)
mortify	v.	practice self-denial of one's body and appetites
mortify	v.	hold within limits and control
mortify	v.	cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of
mortify	v.	undergo necrosis
mortimer	n.	English nobleman who deposed Edward II and was executed by Edward III (1287-1330)
mortise	n.	a square hole made to receive a tenon and so to form a joint
mortise	v.	cut a hole for a tenon in
mortise	v.	join by a tenon and mortise
morton	n.	United States jazz musician who moved from ragtime to New Orleans jazz (1885-1941)
mortuary	n.	a building (or room) where dead bodies are kept before burial or cremation
mortuary	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of death
mortuary	adj.	of or relating to a funeral
mosaic	n.	art consisting of a design made of small pieces of colored stone or glass
mosaic	n.	viral disease in solanaceous plants (tomatoes, potatoes, tobacco) resulting in mottling and often shriveling of the leaves
mosaic	n.	a freeware browser
mosaic	n.	a pattern resembling a mosaic
mosaic	n.	transducer formed by the light-sensitive surface on a television camera tube
mosaic	n.	arrangement of aerial photographs forming a composite picture
mosaic	adj.	of or relating to Moses or the laws and writings attributed to him
moscow	n.	a city of central European Russia; formerly capital of both the Soviet Union and Soviet Russia; since 1991 the capital of the Russian Federation
moselle	n.	German white wine from the Moselle valley or a similar wine made elsewhere
moses	n.	(Old Testament) the Hebrew prophet who led the Israelites from Egypt across the Red sea on a journey known as the Exodus; Moses received the Ten Commandments from God on Mount Sinai
moses	n.	United States painter of colorful and primitive rural scenes (1860-1961)
mosey	v.	walk leisurely
mosh	v.	dance the slam dance
mosque	n.	(Islam) a Muslim place of worship that usually has a minaret
mosquito	n.	two-winged insect whose female has a long proboscis to pierce the skin and suck the blood of humans and animals
mosquitoes	n.	two-winged insect whose female has a long proboscis to pierce the skin and suck the blood of humans and animals
moss	n.	tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants
mossback	n.	an extremely old-fashioned conservative
mossy	adj.	overgrown with moss
mossy	adj.	(used pejoratively) out of fashion; old fashioned
most	adj.	(superlative of `many' used with count nouns and often preceded by `the') quantifier meaning the greatest in number
most	adj.	the superlative of `much' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning the greatest in amount or extent or degree
most	adv.	used to form the superlative
most	adv.	very
most	adv.	(of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
mosul	n.	a city in northern Iraq on the Tigris across from the ruins of Nineveh
mot	n.	a clever remark
mot	n.	a compulsory annual test of older motor vehicles for safety and exhaust fumes
mote	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
motel	n.	a motor hotel
motet	n.	an unaccompanied choral composition with sacred lyrics; intended to be sung as part of a church service; originated in the 13th century
moth	n.	typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or hairlike antennae
mothball	n.	a small sphere of camphor or naphthalene used to keep moths away from stored clothing
mothball	v.	put into long-term storage
mother	n.	a woman who has given birth to a child (also used as a term of address to your mother)
mother	n.	a stringy slimy substance consisting of yeast cells and bacteria; forms during fermentation and is added to cider or wine to produce vinegar
mother	n.	a term of address for an elderly woman
mother	n.	a term of address for a mother superior
mother	n.	a condition that is the inspiration for an activity or situation
mother	v.	care for like a mother
mother	v.	make children
motherfucker	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
motherhood	n.	the kinship relation between an offspring and the mother
motherland	n.	the country where you were born
motherless	adj.	having no living or known mother
motherliness	n.	the quality of having or showing the tenderness and warmth and affection of or befitting a mother
moths	n.	typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or hairlike antennae
motif	n.	a design or figure that consists of recurring shapes or colors, as in architecture or decoration
motif	n.	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music
motif	n.	a unifying idea that is a recurrent element in literary or artistic work
motile	n.	one whose prevailing mental imagery takes the form of inner feelings of action
motile	adj.	(of spores or microorganisms) capable of movement
motility	n.	ability to move spontaneously and independently
motility	n.	a change of position that does not entail a change of location
motion	n.	the use of movements (especially of the hands) to communicate familiar or prearranged signals
motion	n.	a natural event that involves a change in the position or location of something
motion	n.	a change of position that does not entail a change of location
motion	n.	a state of change
motion	n.	a formal proposal for action made to a deliberative assembly for discussion and vote
motion	n.	the act of changing location from one place to another
motion	n.	an optical illusion of motion produced by viewing a rapid succession of still pictures of a moving object
motion	v.	show, express or direct through movement
motioned	v.	show, express or direct through movement
motioning	v.	show, express or direct through movement
motionless	adj.	not in physical motion
motionlessness	n.	a state of no motion or movement
motivate	v.	give an incentive for action
motivated	v.	give an incentive for action
motivated	adj.	provided with a motive or given incentive for action
motivation	n.	the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior
motivation	n.	the condition of being motivated
motivation	n.	the act of motivating; providing incentive
motivational	adj.	of or relating to motivation
motivator	n.	a positive motivational influence
motive	n.	the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior
motive	n.	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music
motive	n.	a design or figure that consists of recurring shapes or colors, as in architecture or decoration
motive	adj.	causing or able to cause motion
motive	adj.	impelling to action; - Arthur Pap
motiveless	adj.	occurring without motivation or provocation; ; - F.D.Roosevelt
motley	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
motley	n.	a garment made of motley (especially a court jester's costume)
motley	n.	a multicolored woolen fabric woven of mixed threads in 14th to 17th century England
motley	v.	make something more diverse and varied
motley	v.	make motley; color with different colors
motley	adj.	consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds; ; ; ; ; ; - I.A.Richards
motley	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
motor	n.	machine that converts other forms of energy into mechanical energy and so imparts motion
motor	n.	a nonspecific agent that imparts motion
motor	v.	travel or be transported in a vehicle
motor	adj.	conveying information to the muscles from the CNS
motor	adj.	causing or able to cause motion
motorbike	n.	small motorcycle with a low frame and small wheels and elevated handlebars
motorbike	v.	ride a motorcycle
motorboat	n.	a boat propelled by an internal-combustion engine
motorboat	v.	ride in a motorboat
motorcade	n.	a procession of people traveling in motor cars
motorcar	n.	a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine
motorcycle	n.	a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame
motorcycle	v.	ride a motorcycle
motorcyclist	n.	a traveler who rides a motorcycle
motorist	n.	someone who drives (or travels in) an automobile
motorization	n.	the act of motorizing (equiping with motors or with motor vehicles)
motorize	v.	equip with a motor vehicle
motorize	v.	equip with a motor
motorize	v.	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles
motorman	n.	the operator of streetcar
motormen	n.	the operator of streetcar
motormouth	n.	someone who talks incessantly
motormouths	n.	someone who talks incessantly
motorway	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
motown	n.	the largest city in Michigan and a major Great Lakes port; center of the United States automobile industry; located in southeastern Michigan on the Detroit river across from Windsor
motrin	n.	a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and analgesic medicine (trade names Advil and Motrin and Nuprin) used to relieve the pain of arthritis and as an antipyretic
mott	n.	United States feminist and suffragist (1793-1880)
mottle	n.	an irregular arrangement of patches of color
mottle	v.	mark with spots or blotches of different color or shades of color as if stained
mottle	v.	colour with streaks or blotches of different shades
motto	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
mottoes	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
moue	n.	a disdainful grimace
mound	n.	(baseball) the slight elevation on which the pitcher stands
mound	n.	a small natural hill
mound	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
mound	n.	structure consisting of an artificial heap or bank usually of earth or stones
mound	n.	the position on a baseball team of the player who throws the ball for a batter to try to hit
mound	v.	form into a rounded elevation
mount	n.	a lightweight horse kept for riding only
mount	n.	the act of climbing something
mount	n.	a land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill
mount	n.	a mounting consisting of a piece of metal (as in a ring or other jewelry) that holds a gem in place
mount	n.	something forming a back that is added for strengthening
mount	v.	attach to a support
mount	v.	go up or advance
mount	v.	fix onto a backing, setting, or support
mount	v.	put up or launch
mount	v.	get up on the back of
mount	v.	go upward with gradual or continuous progress
mount	v.	prepare and supply with the necessary equipment for execution or performance
mount	v.	copulate with
mountain	n.	a land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill
mountain	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
mountaineer	n.	someone who climbs mountains
mountaineer	v.	climb mountains for pleasure as a sport
mountaineering	n.	the activity of climbing a mountain
mountaineering	v.	climb mountains for pleasure as a sport
mountainous	adj.	having hills and crags
mountainous	adj.	like a mountain in size and impressiveness
mountainous	adj.	containing many mountains
mountainside	n.	the side or slope of a mountain
mountebank	n.	a flamboyant deceiver; one who attracts customers with tricks or jokes
mounted	v.	attach to a support
mounted	v.	go up or advance
mounted	v.	fix onto a backing, setting, or support
mounted	v.	put up or launch
mounted	v.	get up on the back of
mounted	v.	go upward with gradual or continuous progress
mounted	v.	prepare and supply with the necessary equipment for execution or performance
mounted	v.	copulate with
mounted	adj.	assembled for use; especially by being attached to a support
mounted	adj.	decorated with applied ornamentation; often used in combination; - F.V.W.Mason
mounter	n.	a skilled worker who mounts pictures or jewels etc.
mounter	n.	someone who ascends on foot
mountie	n.	colloquial term for a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police
mounting	n.	an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperature or intensity etc.)
mounting	n.	framework used for support or display
mounting	v.	attach to a support
mounting	v.	go up or advance
mounting	v.	fix onto a backing, setting, or support
mounting	v.	put up or launch
mounting	v.	get up on the back of
mounting	v.	go upward with gradual or continuous progress
mounting	v.	prepare and supply with the necessary equipment for execution or performance
mounting	v.	copulate with
mourn	v.	feel sadness
mourn	v.	observe the customs of mourning after the death of a loved one
mourned	v.	feel sadness
mourned	v.	observe the customs of mourning after the death of a loved one
mourner	n.	a person who is feeling grief (as grieving over someone who has died)
mournful	adj.	expressing sorrow
mournful	adj.	filled with or evoking sadness
mournfulness	n.	a state of gloomy sorrow
mourning	n.	state of sorrow over the death or departure of a loved one
mourning	n.	the passionate and demonstrative activity of expressing grief
mourning	v.	feel sadness
mourning	v.	observe the customs of mourning after the death of a loved one
mourning	adj.	sorrowful through loss or deprivation
mouse	n.	any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats having pointed snouts and small ears on elongated bodies with slender usually hairless tails
mouse	n.	a swollen bruise caused by a blow to the eye
mouse	n.	person who is quiet or timid
mouse	n.	a hand-operated electronic device that controls the coordinates of a cursor on your computer screen as you move it around on a pad; on the bottom of the device is a ball that rolls on the surface of the pad
mouse	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
mouse	v.	manipulate the mouse of a computer
mouser	n.	a cat proficient at mousing
mousetrap	n.	a trap for catching mice
mousetrap	n.	(American football) a play in which a defensive player is allowed to cross the line of scrimmage and then blocked off as the runner goes through the place the lineman vacated
moussaka	n.	casserole of eggplant and ground lamb with onion and tomatoes bound with white sauce and beaten eggs
mousse	n.	a rich, frothy, creamy dessert made with whipped egg whites and heavy cream
mousse	n.	a light creamy dish made from fish or meat and set with gelatin
mousse	n.	toiletry consisting of an aerosol foam used in hair styling
mousse	v.	apply a styling gel to
moussorgsky	n.	Russian composer of operas and orchestral works (1839-1881)
mousy	adj.	quiet and timid and ineffectual
mousy	adj.	infested with mice
mousy	adj.	of something having a drab pale brown color resembling a mouse
mouth	n.	the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge
mouth	n.	the externally visible part of the oral cavity on the face and the system of organs surrounding the opening
mouth	n.	an opening that resembles a mouth (as of a cave or a gorge)
mouth	n.	the point where a stream issues into a larger body of water
mouth	n.	a person conceived as a consumer of food
mouth	n.	a spokesperson (as a lawyer)
mouth	n.	an impudent or insolent rejoinder
mouth	n.	the opening of a jar or bottle
mouth	v.	express in speech
mouth	v.	articulate silently; form words with the lips only
mouth	v.	touch with the mouth
mouthful	n.	the quantity that can be held in the mouth
mouthful	n.	a small amount eaten or drunk
mouthpiece	n.	a part that goes over or into the mouth of a person
mouthpiece	n.	an acoustic device; the part of a telephone into which a person speaks
mouthpiece	n.	a spokesperson (as a lawyer)
mouthpiece	n.	(especially boxing) equipment that protects an athlete's mouth
mouthpiece	n.	the tube of a pipe or cigarette holder that a smoker holds in the mouth
mouthpiece	n.	the aperture of a wind instrument into which the player blows directly
mouths	n.	the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge
mouths	n.	the externally visible part of the oral cavity on the face and the system of organs surrounding the opening
mouths	n.	an opening that resembles a mouth (as of a cave or a gorge)
mouths	n.	the point where a stream issues into a larger body of water
mouths	n.	a person conceived as a consumer of food
mouths	n.	a spokesperson (as a lawyer)
mouths	n.	an impudent or insolent rejoinder
mouths	n.	the opening of a jar or bottle
mouths	v.	express in speech
mouths	v.	articulate silently; form words with the lips only
mouths	v.	touch with the mouth
mouthwash	n.	a medicated solution used for gargling and rinsing the mouth
mouton	n.	meat from a mature domestic sheep
movable	n.	personal as opposed to real property; any tangible movable property (furniture or domestic animals or a car etc)
movable	adj.	(of personal property as opposed to real estate) can be moved from place to place (especially carried by hand)
movable	adj.	capable of being moved or conveyed from one place to another
move	n.	the act of deciding to do something
move	n.	the act of changing your residence or place of business
move	n.	a change of position that does not entail a change of location
move	n.	the act of changing location from one place to another
move	n.	(game) a player's turn to take some action permitted by the rules of the game
move	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
move	v.	cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense
move	v.	move so as to change position, perform a nontranslational motion
move	v.	change residence, affiliation, or place of employment
move	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
move	v.	be in a state of action
move	v.	go or proceed from one point to another
move	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
move	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
move	v.	give an incentive for action
move	v.	arouse sympathy or compassion in
move	v.	dispose of by selling
move	v.	progress by being changed
move	v.	live one's life in a specified environment
move	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
move	v.	propose formally; in a debate or parliamentary meeting
moved	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
moved	v.	cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense
moved	v.	move so as to change position, perform a nontranslational motion
moved	v.	change residence, affiliation, or place of employment
moved	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
moved	v.	be in a state of action
moved	v.	go or proceed from one point to another
moved	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
moved	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
moved	v.	give an incentive for action
moved	v.	arouse sympathy or compassion in
moved	v.	dispose of by selling
moved	v.	progress by being changed
moved	v.	live one's life in a specified environment
moved	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
moved	v.	propose formally; in a debate or parliamentary meeting
moved	adj.	being excited or provoked to the expression of an emotion
movement	n.	a change of position that does not entail a change of location
movement	n.	the act of changing location from one place to another
movement	n.	a natural event that involves a change in the position or location of something
movement	n.	a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals
movement	n.	a major self-contained part of a symphony or sonata
movement	n.	a series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward a particular end
movement	n.	an optical illusion of motion produced by viewing a rapid succession of still pictures of a moving object
movement	n.	a euphemism for defecation
movement	n.	a general tendency to change (as of opinion)
movement	n.	the driving and regulating parts of a mechanism (as of a watch or clock)
movement	n.	the act of changing the location of something
mover	n.	workman employed by a moving company
mover	n.	(parliamentary procedure) someone who makes a formal motion
mover	n.	someone who moves
mover	n.	a company that moves the possessions of a family or business from one site to another
movie	n.	a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement
moviegoer	n.	someone who goes to see movies
moving	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
moving	v.	cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense
moving	v.	move so as to change position, perform a nontranslational motion
moving	v.	change residence, affiliation, or place of employment
moving	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
moving	v.	be in a state of action
moving	v.	go or proceed from one point to another
moving	v.	perform an action, or work out or perform (an action)
moving	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
moving	v.	give an incentive for action
moving	v.	arouse sympathy or compassion in
moving	v.	dispose of by selling
moving	v.	progress by being changed
moving	v.	live one's life in a specified environment
moving	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
moving	v.	propose formally; in a debate or parliamentary meeting
moving	adj.	in motion
moving	adj.	arousing or capable of arousing deep emotion; - N. Hawthorne
moving	adj.	used of a series of photographs presented so as to create the illusion of motion
mow	n.	a loft in a barn where hay is stored
mow	v.	cut with a blade or mower
mow	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
mower	n.	garden tool for mowing grass on lawns
moxie	n.	fortitude and determination
mozambican	n.	a native or inhabitant of Mozambique
mozambican	adj.	of or relating to or located in Mozambique
mozambican	adj.	of or relating to the people of Mozambique
mozambique	n.	a republic on the southeastern coast of Africa on the Mozambique Channel; became independent from Portugal in 1975
mozart	n.	prolific Austrian composer and child prodigy; master of the classical style in all its forms of his time (1756-1791)
mozart	n.	the music of Mozart
mozzarella	n.	mild white Italian cheese
mp	n.	a member of the military police who polices soldiers and guards prisoners
mp	n.	a military corps that enforces discipline and guards prisoners
mpeg	n.	a set of standards adopted by the moving pictures experts group for the compression of digital video and audio data or a file of data compressed according to those standards
mph	n.	the ratio of the distance traveled (in miles) to the time spent traveling (in hours)
mph	n.	a speedometer reading for the momentary rate of travel
mr	n.	a form of address for a man
mri	n.	the use of nuclear magnetic resonance of protons to produce proton density images
ms	n.	a chronic progressive nervous disorder involving loss of myelin sheath around certain nerve fibers
ms	n.	a state in the Deep South on the gulf of Mexico; one of the Confederate States during the American Civil War
ms	n.	a master's degree in science
ms	n.	the form of a literary work submitted for publication
ms	n.	a form of address for a woman
ms	n.	the basic unit of length adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites (approximately 1.094 yards)
ms	n.	concentration measured by the number of moles of solute per liter of solution
ms	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
ms	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobytes or 10^6 (1,000,000) bytes
ms	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes
ms	n.	the 13th letter of the Roman alphabet
msg	n.	white crystalline compound used as a food additive to enhance flavor; often used in Chinese cooking
mst	n.	standard time in the 7th time zone west of Greenwich, reckoned at the 105th meridian west; used in the mountain states of the United States
mt	n.	a radioactive transuranic element
mt	n.	a unit of weight equivalent to 1000 kilograms
mt	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Canadian border
mt	n.	the use of computers to translate from one language to another
mu	n.	the 12th letter of the Greek alphabet
mubarak	n.	Egyptian statesman who became president in 1981 after Sadat was assassinated (born in 1929)
much	n.	a great amount or extent
much	adj.	(quantifier used with mass nouns) great in quantity or degree or extent
much	adv.	to a great degree or extent
much	adv.	very
much	adv.	to a very great degree or extent
much	adv.	(degree adverb used before a noun phrase) for all practical purposes but not completely
much	adv.	frequently or in great quantities
mucilage	n.	a gelatinous substance secreted by plants
mucilage	n.	cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive
mucilaginous	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
muck	n.	any thick, viscous matter
muck	n.	fecal matter of animals
muck	v.	remove muck, clear away muck, as in a mine
muck	v.	spread manure, as for fertilization
muck	v.	soil with mud, muck, or mire
muckrake	v.	explore and expose misconduct and scandals concerning public figures
muckraker	n.	one who spreads real or alleged scandal about another (usually for political advantage)
mucky	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
mucky	adj.	dirty and messy; covered with mud or muck
mucous	adj.	of or secreting or covered with or resembling mucus
mucus	n.	protective secretion of the mucus membranes; in the gut it lubricates the passage of food and protects the epithelial cells; in the nose and throat and lungs it can make it difficult for bacteria to penetrate the body through the epithelium
mud	n.	water soaked soil; soft wet earth
mud	n.	slanderous remarks or charges
mud	v.	soil with mud, muck, or mire
mud	v.	plaster with mud
muddiness	n.	the wetness of ground that is covered or soaked with water
muddiness	n.	a mental state characterized by a lack of clear and orderly thought and behavior
muddiness	n.	the quality of being cloudy
muddle	n.	a confused multitude of things
muddle	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
muddle	v.	make into a puddle
muddle	v.	mix up or confuse
muddleheaded	adj.	stupid and confused; ; - Isaac Sterne
muddy	v.	dirty with mud
muddy	v.	cause to become muddy
muddy	v.	make turbid
muddy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
muddy	adj.	dirty and messy; covered with mud or muck
muddy	adj.	(of color) discolored by impurities; not bright and clear;  is often used in combination
muddy	adj.	(of liquids) clouded as with sediment
mudguard	n.	a curved piece above the wheel of a bicycle or motorcycle to protect the rider from water or mud thrown up by the wheels
mudslide	n.	a landslide of mud
mudslinger	n.	one who spreads real or alleged scandal about another (usually for political advantage)
muenster	n.	semisoft pale-yellow cheese
muesli	n.	mixture of untoasted dry cereals and fruits
muezzin	n.	the Muslim official of a mosque who summons the faithful to prayer from a minaret five times a day
muff	n.	a warm tubular covering for the hands
muff	n.	(sports) dropping the ball
muff	v.	fail to catch, as of a ball
muff	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
muffin	n.	a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan
muffle	n.	a kiln with an inner chamber for firing things at a low temperature
muffle	v.	conceal or hide
muffle	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
muffler	n.	a tubular acoustic device inserted in the exhaust system that is designed to reduce noise
muffler	n.	a scarf worn around the neck
muffler	n.	a device that decreases the amplitude of electronic, mechanical, acoustical, or aerodynamic oscillations
mufti	n.	a jurist who interprets Muslim religious law
mufti	n.	civilian dress worn by a person who is entitled to wear a military uniform
mug	n.	the quantity that can be held in a mug
mug	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
mug	n.	the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British)
mug	n.	with handle and usually cylindrical
mug	v.	rob at gunpoint or with the threat of violence
mugful	n.	the quantity that can be held in a mug
mugged	v.	rob at gunpoint or with the threat of violence
mugger	n.	a robber who takes property by threatening or performing violence on the person who is robbed (usually on the street)
mugginess	n.	a state of warm humidity
mugging	n.	assault with intent to rob
mugging	v.	rob at gunpoint or with the threat of violence
muggins	n.	a person who lacks good judgment
muggy	adj.	hot or warm and humid
mugshot	n.	a photograph of someone's face (especially one made for police records)
mugwump	n.	someone who bolted from the Republican Party during the U.S. presidential election of 1884
mugwump	n.	a neutral or uncommitted person (especially in politics)
muhammad	n.	leader of Black Muslims who campaigned for independence for Black Americans (1897-1975)
muhammad	n.	the Arab prophet who, according to Islam, was the last messenger of Allah (570-632)
muhammadan	n.	a follower of Mohammed
muhammadan	adj.	of or relating to the Arabian prophet Muhammad or to the religion he founded
muhammadanism	n.	the monotheistic religious system of Muslims founded in Arabia in the 7th century and based on the teachings of Muhammad as laid down in the Koran
muir	n.	United States naturalist (born in England) who advocated the creation of national parks (1838-1914)
mulatto	n.	an offspring of a black and a white parent
mulattoes	n.	an offspring of a black and a white parent
mulberry	n.	any of several trees of the genus Morus having edible fruit that resembles the blackberry
mulberry	n.	sweet usually dark purple blackberry-like fruit of any of several mulberry trees of the genus Morus
mulch	n.	a protective covering of rotting vegetable matter spread to reduce evaporation and soil erosion
mulch	v.	cover with mulch
mulct	n.	money extracted as a penalty
mulct	v.	deprive of by deceit
mulct	v.	impose a fine on
mule	n.	hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse; usually sterile
mule	n.	a slipper that has no fitting around the heel
muleteer	n.	a worker who drives mules
mulish	adj.	unreasonably rigid in the face of argument or entreaty or attack
mulishness	n.	the trait of being difficult to handle or overcome
mull	n.	a term used in Scottish names of promontories
mull	n.	an island in western Scotland in the Inner Hebrides
mull	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
mull	v.	heat with sugar and spices to make a hot drink
mullah	n.	a Muslim trained in the doctrine and law of Islam; the head of a mosque
mullahs	n.	a Muslim trained in the doctrine and law of Islam; the head of a mosque
mullein	n.	any of various plants of the genus Verbascum having large usually woolly leaves and terminal spikes of yellow or white or purplish flowers
muller	n.	Swiss chemist who synthesized DDT and discovered its use as an insecticide (1899-1965)
muller	n.	Swiss physicist who studied superconductivity (born in 1927)
muller	n.	German physiologist and anatomist (1801-1858)
muller	n.	German mathematician and astronomer (1436-1476)
muller	n.	British philologist (born in Germany) who specialized in Sanskrit (1823-1900)
muller	n.	United States geneticist who studied the effects of X-rays on genes (1890-1967)
muller	n.	a reflective thinker characterized by quiet contemplation
muller	n.	a heavy tool of stone or iron (usually with a flat base and a handle) that is used to grind and mix material (as grain or drugs or pigments) against a slab of stone
muller	n.	a vessel in which wine is mulled
mullet	n.	highly valued lean flesh of marine or freshwater mullet
mullet	n.	freshwater or coastal food fishes a spindle-shaped body; found worldwide
mullet	n.	bottom dwelling marine warm water fishes with two barbels on the chin
mulligan	n.	Irish version of burgoo
mulligatawny	n.	a soup of eastern India that is flavored with curry; prepared with a meat or chicken base
mullion	n.	a nonstructural vertical strip between the casements or panes of a window (or the panels of a screen)
multicellular	adj.	consisting of many cells
multicolored	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
multicultural	adj.	of or relating to or including several cultures
multiculturalism	n.	the doctrine that several different cultures (rather than one national culture) can coexist peacefully and equitably in a single country
multidimensional	adj.	having or involving or marked by several dimensions or aspects
multifaceted	adj.	having many aspects
multifarious	adj.	having many aspects
multifariousness	n.	noticeable heterogeneity
multiform	adj.	occurring in or having many forms or shapes or appearances; - John Dewey
multilateral	adj.	having many parts or sides
multilevel	adj.	of a building having more than one level
multilingual	adj.	using or knowing more than one language
multimedia	n.	transmission that combine media of communication (text and graphics and sound etc.)
multinational	adj.	involving or operating in several nations or nationalities
multiple	n.	the product of a quantity by an integer
multiple	adj.	having or involving or consisting of more than one part or entity or individual
multiplex	n.	communicates two or more signals over a common channel
multiplex	n.	a movie theater than has several different auditoriums in the same building
multiplex	adj.	many and varied; having many features or forms
multiplex	adj.	having many parts or aspects
multiplexer	n.	a device that can interleave two or more activities
multiplicand	n.	the number that is multiplied by the multiplier
multiplication	n.	the act of producing offspring or multiplying by such production
multiplication	n.	a multiplicative increase
multiplication	n.	an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed
multiplicative	adj.	tending or having the power to multiply or increase in number or quantity or degree
multiplicity	n.	the property of being multiple
multiplicity	n.	a large number
multiplier	n.	the number by which a multiplicand is multiplied
multiply	v.	combine by multiplication
multiply	v.	combine or increase by multiplication
multiply	v.	have young (animals) or reproduce (organisms)
multiply	v.	have offspring or produce more individuals of a given animal or plant
multiply	adv.	in several ways; in a multiple manner
multiprocessing	n.	simultaneous processing by two or more processing units
multiprocessor	n.	a computer that uses two or more processing units under integrated control
multipurpose	adj.	having multiple uses
multiracial	adj.	made up of or involving or acting on behalf of various races
multistage	n.	occurring in more than one stage
multistory	adj.	having more than one story
multitude	n.	a large indefinite number
multitude	n.	a large gathering of people
multitude	n.	the common people generally
multitudinous	adj.	too numerous to be counted
multivariate	adj.	pertaining to any procedure involving two or more variables
multivitamin	n.	a pill or tablet containing several vitamins
mum	n.	of China
mum	n.	informal terms for a mother
mum	n.	secrecy
mum	adj.	failing to speak or communicate etc when expected to
mumbai	n.	a city in western India just off the coast of the Arabian Sea; India's 2nd largest city (after Calcutta); has the only natural deep-water harbor in western India
mumble	n.	a soft indistinct utterance
mumble	v.	talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
mumble	v.	grind with the gums; chew without teeth and with great difficulty
mumbler	n.	a person who speaks softly and indistinctly
mummer	n.	an actor who communicates entirely by gesture and facial expression
mummery	n.	meaningless ceremonies and flattery
mummification	n.	a condition resembling that of a mummy
mummification	n.	(pathology) gangrene that develops in the presence of arterial obstruction and is characterized by dryness of the dead tissue and a dark brown color
mummification	n.	embalmment and drying a dead body and wrapping it as a mummy
mummify	v.	preserve while making lifeless
mummify	v.	remove the organs and dry out (a dead body) in order to preserve it
mummify	v.	dry up and shrivel due to complete loss of moisture
mummy	n.	informal terms for a mother
mummy	n.	a body embalmed and dried and wrapped for burial (as in ancient Egypt)
mumps	n.	an acute contagious viral disease characterized by fever and by swelling of the parotid glands
munch	n.	Norwegian painter (1863-1944)
munch	n.	a large bite
munch	v.	chew noisily
munchhausen	n.	German raconteur who told preposterous stories about his adventures as a soldier and hunter; his name is now associated with any telling of exaggerated stories or winning lies (1720-1797)
muncie	n.	a town in east central Indiana
mundane	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
mundane	adj.	concerned with the world or worldly matters
mundane	adj.	belonging to this earth or world; not ideal or heavenly
mung	n.	erect bushy annual widely cultivated in warm regions of India and Indonesia and United States for forage and especially its edible seeds; chief source of bean sprouts used in Chinese cookery; sometimes placed in genus Phaseolus
munich	n.	the capital and largest city of Bavaria in southwestern Germany
municipal	adj.	relating or belonging to or characteristic of a municipality
municipal	adj.	of or relating to the government of a municipality; - J.L.kuntz
municipality	n.	an urban district having corporate status and powers of self-government
municipality	n.	people living in a town or city having local self-government
munificence	n.	liberality in bestowing gifts; extremely liberal and generous of spirit
munificent	adj.	very generous
munition	n.	weapons considered collectively
munition	n.	military supplies
munition	n.	defensive structure consisting of walls or mounds built around a stronghold to strengthen it
munition	v.	supply with weapons
munro	n.	British writer of short stories (1870-1916)
mural	n.	a painting that is applied to a wall surface
mural	adj.	of or relating to walls
muralist	n.	a painter of murals
murder	n.	unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being
murder	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
murder	v.	alter so as to make unrecognizable
murderer	n.	a criminal who commits homicide (who performs the unlawful premeditated killing of another human being)
murderess	n.	a woman murderer
murderous	adj.	characteristic of or capable of or having a tendency toward killing another human being
murdoch	n.	United States publisher (born in Australia in 1931)
murdoch	n.	British writer (born in Ireland) known primarily for her novels (1919-1999)
murillo	n.	Spanish painter (1617-1682)
murine	n.	a rodent that is a member of the family Muridae
murine	adj.	of or relating to or transmitted by a member of the family Muridae (rats and mice)
murk	n.	an atmosphere in which visibility is reduced because of a cloud of some substance
murk	v.	make dark, dim, or gloomy
murkily	adv.	unclearly; opaquely
murkily	adv.	with a dim light
murkiness	n.	an atmosphere in which visibility is reduced because of a cloud of some substance
murkiness	n.	the quality of being cloudy
murky	adj.	(of liquids) clouded as with sediment
murky	adj.	dark or gloomy
murmansk	n.	a port city in northwestern Russia on the Kola Peninsula; the largest city to the north of the Arctic Circle; an important supply line to Russia in World War I and World War II
murmur	n.	a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech
murmur	n.	a schwa that is incidental to the pronunciation of a consonant
murmur	n.	an abnormal sound of the heart; sometimes a sign of abnormal function of the heart valves
murmur	n.	a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone
murmur	v.	speak softly or indistinctly
murmur	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
murmurer	n.	a person who speaks softly and indistinctly
murmuring	n.	a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech
murmuring	n.	a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone
murmuring	v.	speak softly or indistinctly
murmuring	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
murmuring	adj.	making a low continuous indistinct sound
murmurous	adj.	characterized by soft sounds; ; ; - R.P.Warren
murphy	n.	an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland
murrain	n.	any disease of domestic animals that resembles a plague
murray	n.	British classical scholar (born in Australia) who advocated the League of Nations and the United Nations (1866-1957)
murray	n.	Scottish philologist and the lexicographer who shaped the Oxford English Dictionary (1837-1915)
murray	n.	a southeast Australian river; flows westward and then south into the Indian Ocean at Adelaide
murrow	n.	United States broadcast journalist remembered for his reports from London during World War II (1908-1965)
murrumbidgee	n.	a river of southeastern Australia; flows westward into the Murray River
muscat	n.	any of several cultivated grapevines that produce sweet white grapes
muscat	n.	a port on the Gulf of Oman and capital of the sultanate of Oman
muscat	n.	wine from muscat grapes
muscat	n.	sweet aromatic grape used for raisins and wine
muscatel	n.	wine from muscat grapes
muscatel	n.	sweet aromatic grape used for raisins and wine
muscle	n.	one of the contractile organs of the body
muscle	n.	animal tissue consisting predominantly of contractile cells
muscle	n.	a bully employed as a thug or bodyguard
muscle	n.	authority or power or force (especially when used in a coercive way)
muscle	n.	possessing muscular strength
muscle	v.	make one's way by force
muscleman	n.	a bully employed as a thug or bodyguard
muscleman	n.	someone who does special exercises to develop a brawny musculature
musclemen	n.	a bully employed as a thug or bodyguard
musclemen	n.	someone who does special exercises to develop a brawny musculature
muscovite	n.	a colorless or pale brown mica with potassium
muscovite	n.	a resident of Moscow
muscovite	adj.	of or relating to the residents of Moscow
muscovy	n.	a Russian principality in the 13th to 16th centuries; Moscow was the capital
muscular	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of muscle
muscular	adj.	having a robust muscular body-build characterized by predominance of structures (bone and muscle and connective tissue) developed from the embryonic mesodermal layer
muscular	adj.	having or suggesting great physical power or force
muscular	adj.	(of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful
muscularity	n.	the physiological state of having or consisting of muscle
muscularity	n.	possessing muscular strength
muscularity	n.	an imaginative lively style (especially style of writing)
musculature	n.	the muscular system of an organism
musculoskeletal	adj.	relating to muscles and skeleton
muse	n.	in ancient Greek mythology any of 9 daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne; protector of an art or science
muse	n.	the source of an artist's inspiration
muse	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
musette	n.	a small bagpipe formerly popular in France
museum	n.	a depository for collecting and displaying objects having scientific or historical or artistic value
mush	n.	any soft or soggy mass
mush	n.	cornmeal boiled in water
mush	n.	writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental
mush	n.	a journey by dogsled
mush	v.	drive (a team of dogs or a dogsled)
mush	v.	travel with a dogsled
mushiness	n.	a mushy pulpy softness
mushiness	n.	falsely emotional in a maudlin way
mushroom	n.	common name for an edible agaric (contrasting with the inedible toadstool)
mushroom	n.	mushrooms and related fleshy fungi (including toadstools, puffballs, morels, coral fungi, etc.)
mushroom	n.	any of various fleshy fungi of the subdivision Basidiomycota consisting of a cap at the end of a stem arising from an underground mycelium
mushroom	n.	a large cloud of rubble and dust shaped like a mushroom and rising into the sky after an explosion (especially of a nuclear bomb)
mushroom	n.	fleshy body of any of numerous edible fungi
mushroom	v.	pick or gather mushrooms
mushroom	v.	grow and spread fast
mushy	adj.	having the consistency of mush
mushy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
musial	n.	United States baseball player (born in 1920)
music	n.	an artistic form of auditory communication incorporating instrumental or vocal tones in a structured and continuous manner
music	n.	any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds
music	n.	musical activity (singing or whistling etc.)
music	n.	(music) the sounds produced by singers or musical instruments (or reproductions of such sounds)
music	n.	punishment for one's actions
musical	n.	a play or film whose action and dialogue is interspersed with singing and dancing
musical	adj.	characterized by or capable of producing music
musical	adj.	talented in or devoted to music
musical	adj.	characteristic of or resembling or accompanied by music
musical	adj.	containing or constituting or characterized by pleasing melody
musicality	n.	the property of sounding like music
musician	n.	someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession)
musician	n.	artist who composes or conducts music as a profession
musicianship	n.	artistry in performing music
musicological	adj.	of or relating to musicology
musicologist	n.	a student of musicology
musicology	n.	the scholarly and scientific study of music
musing	n.	a calm, lengthy, intent consideration
musing	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
musing	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
musk	n.	an odorous glandular secretion from the male musk deer; used as a perfume fixative
musk	n.	the scent of a greasy glandular secretion from the male musk deer
muskellunge	n.	flesh of very large North American pike; a game fish
muskellunge	n.	large (60 to 80 pounds) sport fish of North America
musket	n.	a muzzle-loading shoulder gun with a long barrel; formerly used by infantrymen
musketeer	n.	a foot soldier armed with a musket
musketry	n.	musketeers and their muskets collectively
musketry	n.	the technique of using small arms (especially in battle)
muskiness	n.	having the olfactory properties of musk
muskmelon	n.	any of several varieties of vine whose fruit has a netted rind and edible flesh and a musky smell
muskmelon	n.	the fruit of a muskmelon vine; any of several sweet melons related to cucumbers
muskogee	n.	a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in Georgia and eastern Alabama and constituting the core of the Creek Confederacy
muskogee	n.	a town in eastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas River
muskogee	n.	the Muskhogean language spoken by the Muskogee
muskrat	n.	the brown fur of a muskrat
muskrat	n.	beaver-like aquatic rodent of North America with dark glossy brown fur
musky	adj.	resembling the smell of musk
muslim	n.	a believer in or follower of Islam
muslim	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Islamism
muslin	n.	plain-woven cotton fabric
muss	n.	a state of confusion and disorderliness
muss	n.	type genus of the Muridae: common house mice; the tips of the upper incisors have a square notch
muss	v.	make messy or untidy
mussel	n.	black marine bivalves usually steamed in wine
mussel	n.	marine or freshwater bivalve mollusk that lives attached to rocks etc.
mussolini	n.	Italian fascist dictator (1883-1945)
mussorgsky	n.	Russian composer of operas and orchestral works (1839-1881)
mussy	adj.	dirty and disorderly
must	n.	a necessary or essential thing
must	n.	grape juice before or during fermentation
must	n.	the quality of smelling or tasting old or stale or mouldy
must	adj.	highly recommended
mustache	n.	an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip
mustachio	n.	a large bushy moustache (with hair growing sometimes down the sides of the mouth)
mustang	n.	small hardy range horse of the western plains descended from horses brought by the Spanish
mustard	n.	any of several cruciferous plants of the genus Brassica
mustard	n.	pungent powder or paste prepared from ground mustard seeds
mustard	n.	leaves eaten as cooked greens
muster	n.	a gathering of military personnel for duty
muster	n.	compulsory military service
muster	v.	gather or bring together
muster	v.	call to duty, military service, jury duty, etc.
mustiness	n.	the quality of smelling or tasting old or stale or mouldy
musty	adj.	covered with or smelling of mold
musty	adj.	stale and unclean smelling
mutability	n.	the quality of being capable of mutation
mutagen	n.	any agent (physical or environmental) that can induce a genetic mutation or can increase the rate of mutation
mutagenic	adj.	capable of inducing mutation (used mainly of extracellular factors such as X-rays or chemical pollution)
mutant	n.	(biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration
mutant	n.	an animal that has undergone mutation
mutant	adj.	tending to undergo or resulting from mutation
mutate	v.	undergo mutation
mutation	n.	(biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration
mutation	n.	(genetics) any event that changes genetic structure; any alteration in the inherited nucleic acid sequence of the genotype of an organism
mutation	n.	a change or alteration in form or qualities
mutational	adj.	of or relating to or resulting from mutation
mute	n.	a deaf person who is unable to speak
mute	n.	a device used to soften the tone of a musical instrument
mute	v.	deaden (a sound or noise), especially by wrapping
mute	adj.	expressed without speech; ; ; - Emily Dickinson; ; ; - Thomas Wolfe
mute	adj.	unable to speak because of hereditary deafness
muteness	n.	the condition of being unable or unwilling to speak
muteness	n.	a refusal to speak when expected
mutilate	v.	destroy or injure severely
mutilate	v.	alter so as to make unrecognizable
mutilation	n.	an injury that causes disfigurement or that deprives you of a limb or other important body part
mutilator	n.	a person who mutilates or destroys or disfigures or cripples
mutineer	n.	someone who is openly rebellious and refuses to obey authorities (especially seamen or soldiers)
mutinous	adj.	disposed to or in a state of mutiny
mutinous	adj.	consisting of or characterized by or inciting to mutiny
mutiny	n.	open rebellion against constituted authority (especially by seamen or soldiers against their officers)
mutiny	v.	engage in a mutiny against an authority
mutsuhito	n.	emperor of Japan who encouraged the modernization of Japan (1852-1912)
mutt	n.	an inferior dog or one of mixed breed
mutter	n.	a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech
mutter	n.	a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone
mutter	v.	talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
mutter	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
mutterer	n.	a person who speaks softly and indistinctly
muttering	n.	a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech
muttering	n.	a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone
muttering	v.	talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
muttering	v.	make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath
mutton	n.	meat from a mature domestic sheep
mutual	adj.	common to or shared by two or more parties
mutual	adj.	concerning each of two or more persons or things; especially given or done in return
mutuality	n.	a reciprocality of sentiments
mutuality	n.	a reciprocal relation between interdependent entities (objects or individuals or groups)
muumuu	n.	a woman's loose unbelted dress
muzzle	n.	the open circular discharging end of a gun
muzzle	n.	forward projecting part of the head of certain animals; includes the jaws and nose
muzzle	n.	a leather or wire restraint that fits over an animal's snout (especially a dog's nose and jaws) and prevents it from eating or biting
muzzle	n.	restraint put into a person's mouth to prevent speaking or shouting
muzzle	v.	fit with a muzzle
muzzle	v.	prevent from speaking out
muzzle	v.	tie a gag around someone's mouth in order to silence them
muzzy	adj.	indistinct or hazy in outline
muzzy	adj.	confused and vague; used especially of thinking
mvp	n.	the player judged to be the most important to the sport
myanmar	n.	a mountainous republic in southeastern Asia on the Bay of Bengal
mycenae	n.	an ancient city is southern Greece; center of the Mycenaean civilization during the late Bronze Age
mycenaean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of ancient Mycenae or its inhabitants
mycologist	n.	a botanist who specializes in the study of fungi
mycology	n.	the branch of botany that studies fungi and fungus-caused diseases
myelitis	n.	inflammation of the spinal cord
mylar	n.	a thin polyester film
myna	n.	tropical Asian starlings
myocardial	adj.	of or relating to the myocardium
myocardium	n.	the middle muscular layer of the heart wall
myopia	n.	(ophthalmology) eyesight abnormality resulting from the eye's faulty refractive ability; distant objects appear blurred
myopic	adj.	unable to see distant objects clearly
myopic	adj.	lacking foresight or scope
myrdal	n.	Swedish economist (1898-1987)
myriad	n.	a large indefinite number
myriad	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and one thousand
myriad	adj.	too numerous to be counted
myrmidon	n.	a follower who carries out orders without question
myrmidon	n.	(Greek mythology) a member of the warriors who followed Achilles on the expedition against Troy
myrrh	n.	aromatic resin that is burned as incense and used in perfume
myrtle	n.	widely cultivated as a groundcover for its dark green shiny leaves and usually blue-violet flowers
myrtle	n.	any evergreen shrub or tree of the genus Myrtus
mysore	n.	a city in southern India to the southwest of Bangalore
mysore	n.	state in southern India; formerly Mysore
mysterious	adj.	of an obscure nature; ; ; ; - Rachel Carson
mysterious	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
mystery	n.	something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained
mystery	n.	a story about a crime (usually murder) presented as a novel or play or movie
mystic	n.	someone who believes in the existence of realities beyond human comprehension
mystic	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
mystic	adj.	relating to or resembling mysticism
mystic	adj.	relating to or characteristic of mysticism
mystical	adj.	relating to or characteristic of mysticism
mystical	adj.	relating to or resembling mysticism
mystical	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
mysticism	n.	a religion based on mystical communion with an ultimate reality
mysticism	n.	obscure or irrational thought
mystification	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
mystification	n.	something designed to mystify or bewilder
mystification	n.	the activity of obscuring people's understanding, leaving them baffled or bewildered
mystify	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
mystify	v.	make mysterious
mystique	n.	an aura of heightened value or interest or meaning surrounding a person or thing
myth	n.	a traditional story accepted as history; serves to explain the world view of a people
mythic	adj.	relating to or having the nature of myth
mythic	adj.	based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity
mythical	adj.	based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity
mythological	adj.	based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity
mythologist	n.	an expert on mythology
mythologize	v.	construct a myth
mythologize	v.	make into a myth
mythology	n.	myths collectively; the body of stories associated with a culture or institution or person
mythology	n.	the study of myths
myths	n.	a traditional story accepted as history; serves to explain the world view of a people
myxomatosis	n.	a viral disease (usually fatal) of rabbits
n	n.	a common nonmetallic element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless inert diatomic gas; constitutes 78 percent of the atmosphere by volume; a constituent of all living tissues
n	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
n	n.	a unit of force equal to the force that imparts an acceleration of 1 m/sec/sec to a mass of 1 kilogram; equal to 100,000 dynes
n	n.	(of a solution) concentration expressed in gram equivalents of solute per liter
n	n.	the 14th letter of the Roman alphabet
n'djamena	n.	the capital and largest city of Chad; located in the southwestern on the Shari river
na	n.	a silvery soft waxy metallic element of the alkali metal group; occurs abundantly in natural compounds (especially in salt water); burns with a yellow flame and reacts violently in water; occurs in sea water and in the mineral halite (rock salt)
naan	n.	leavened bread baked in a clay oven in India; usually shaped like a teardrop
nab	v.	tag the base runner to get him out
nab	v.	take into custody
nab	v.	seize suddenly
nabbed	v.	tag the base runner to get him out
nabbed	v.	take into custody
nabbed	v.	seize suddenly
nabbing	v.	tag the base runner to get him out
nabbing	v.	take into custody
nabbing	v.	seize suddenly
nabob	n.	a governor in India during the Mogul empire
nabob	n.	a wealthy man (especially one who made his fortune in the Orient)
nabokov	n.	United States writer (born in Russia) (1899-1977)
nacelle	n.	a streamlined enclosure for an aircraft engine
nacho	n.	a tortilla chip topped with cheese and chili-pepper and broiled
nacre	n.	the iridescent internal layer of a mollusk shell
nacreous	adj.	consisting of or resembling mother-of-pearl
nacreous	adj.	having a play of lustrous rainbow colors
nadir	n.	an extreme state of adversity; the lowest point of anything
nadir	n.	the point below the observer that is directly opposite the zenith on the imaginary sphere against which celestial bodies appear to be projected
nafta	n.	an agreement for free trade between the United States and Canada and Mexico; became effective in 1994 for ten years
nag	n.	someone (especially a woman) who annoys people by constantly finding fault
nag	n.	an old or over-worked horse
nag	v.	bother persistently with trivial complaints
nag	v.	worry persistently
nag	v.	remind or urge constantly
nagasaki	n.	a city in southern Japan on Kyushu; a leading port and shipbuilding center; on August 9, 1945 Nagasaki became the second populated area to receive an atomic bomb
nagged	v.	bother persistently with trivial complaints
nagged	v.	worry persistently
nagged	v.	remind or urge constantly
nagger	n.	someone (especially a woman) who annoys people by constantly finding fault
nagging	v.	bother persistently with trivial complaints
nagging	v.	worry persistently
nagging	v.	remind or urge constantly
nagging	adj.	continually complaining or faultfinding
nagoya	n.	an industrial city in southern Honshu
nahuatl	n.	a member of any of various Indian peoples of central Mexico
nahuatl	n.	the Uto-Aztecan language spoken by the Nahuatl
nahum	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet of the 7th century BC
nahum	n.	an Old Testament book telling Nahum's prophecy of the fall of Nineveh
naiad	n.	submerged aquatic plant having narrow leaves and small flowers; of fresh or brackish water
naiad	n.	(Greek mythology) a nymph of lakes and springs and rivers and fountains
naif	n.	a naive or inexperienced person
naif	adj.	marked by or showing unaffected simplicity and lack of guile or worldly experience
nail	n.	horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits
nail	n.	a thin pointed piece of metal that is hammered into materials as a fastener
nail	n.	a former unit of length for cloth equal to 1/16 of a yard
nail	v.	attach something somewhere by means of nails
nail	v.	take into custody
nail	v.	hit hard
nail	v.	succeed in obtaining a position
nail	v.	succeed at easily
nail	v.	locate exactly
nail	v.	complete a pass
nailbrush	n.	a brush used to clean a person's fingernails
nairobi	n.	the capital and largest city of Kenya; a center for tourist safaris
naismith	n.	United States educator (born in Canada) who invented the game of basketball (1861-1939)
naive	adj.	marked by or showing unaffected simplicity and lack of guile or worldly experience
naive	adj.	of or created by one without formal training; simple or naive in style
naive	adj.	inexperienced
naive	adj.	lacking information or instruction
naive	adj.	not initiated; deficient in relevant experience
naivete	n.	lack of sophistication or worldliness
naivety	n.	lack of sophistication or worldliness
naked	adj.	completely unclothed
naked	adj.	having no protecting or concealing cover; - Shakespeare
naked	adj.	(of the eye or ear e.g.) without the aid of an optical or acoustical device or instrument
naked	adj.	devoid of elaboration or diminution or concealment; bare and pure
naked	adj.	lacking any cover
nakedness	n.	the state of being without clothing or covering of any kind
nakedness	n.	a bleak and desolate atmosphere
nakedness	n.	characterized by an attitude of ready accessibility (especially about one's actions or purposes); without concealment; not secretive
name	n.	a language unit by which a person or thing is known
name	n.	a person's reputation
name	n.	family based on male descent
name	n.	a well-known or notable person
name	n.	by the sanction or authority of
name	n.	a defamatory or abusive word or phrase
name	v.	assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
name	v.	give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property
name	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
name	v.	create and charge with a task or function
name	v.	mention and identify by name
name	v.	make reference to
name	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
name	v.	give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of
name	v.	determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis
named	v.	assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
named	v.	give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property
named	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
named	v.	create and charge with a task or function
named	v.	mention and identify by name
named	v.	make reference to
named	v.	identify as in botany or biology, for example
named	v.	give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of
named	v.	determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis
nameless	adj.	being or having an unknown or unnamed source
namely	adv.	as follows
nameplate	n.	a plate bearing a name
namesake	n.	a person with the same name as another
namibia	n.	a republic in southwestern Africa on the south Atlantic coast (formerly called South West Africa); achieved independence from South Africa in 1990; the greater part of Namibia forms part of the high Namibian plateau of South Africa
namibian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Namibia
namibian	adj.	of or relating to Namibia or its people
nampa	n.	a town in southwestern Idaho
nan	n.	your grandmother
nan	n.	the mother of your father or mother
nan	n.	a river of western Thailand flowing southward to join the Ping River to form the Chao Phraya
nan	n.	leavened bread baked in a clay oven in India; usually shaped like a teardrop
nanak	n.	Indian religious leader who founded Sikhism in dissent from the caste system of Hinduism; he taught that all men had a right to search for knowledge of God and that spiritual liberation could be attained by meditating on the name of God (1469-1538)
nanchang	n.	a walled city in southeastern China on the Gan Jiang
nancy	n.	a city in northeastern France in Lorraine
nanjing	n.	a city in eastern China on the Yangtze River; a former capital of China; the scene of a Japanese massacre in the 1930s
nanny	n.	a woman who is the custodian of children
nanny	n.	female goat
nanometer	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one billionth of a meter
nanosecond	n.	one billionth (10^-9) of a second; one thousandth of a microsecond
nanotechnology	n.	the branch of engineering that deals with things smaller than 100 nanometers (especially with the manipulation of individual molecules)
nanotube	n.	a fullerene molecule having a cylindrical or toroidal shape
nansen	n.	Norwegian explorer of the Arctic and director of the League of Nations relief program for refugees of World War I (1861-1930)
nantes	n.	a port city in western France on the Loire estuary
nantucket	n.	an island resort off Cape Cod; formerly a center of the whaling industry
naomi	n.	the mother-in-law of Ruth whose story is told in the Book of Ruth in the Old Testament
nap	n.	a period of time spent sleeping
nap	n.	a soft or fuzzy surface texture
nap	n.	the yarn (as in a rug or velvet or corduroy) that stands up from the weave
nap	n.	sleeping for a short period of time (usually not in bed)
nap	n.	a card game similar to whist; usually played for stakes
nap	v.	take a siesta
napa	n.	plant with an elongated head of broad stalked leaves resembling celery; used as a vegetable in east Asia
napalm	n.	gasoline jelled with aluminum soaps; highly incendiary liquid used in fire bombs and flamethrowers
nape	n.	the back side of the neck
naphtha	n.	any of various volatile flammable liquid hydrocarbon mixtures; used chiefly as solvents
naphthalene	n.	a white crystalline strong-smelling hydrocarbon made from coal tar or petroleum and used in organic synthesis and as a fumigant in mothballs
napier	n.	Scottish mathematician who invented logarithms; introduced the use of the decimal point in writing numbers (1550-1617)
napkin	n.	a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the lap in order to protect clothing
napkin	n.	garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened at the waist; worn by infants to catch excrement
naples	n.	a port and tourist center in southwestern Italy; capital of the Campania region
napless	n.	a port and tourist center in southwestern Italy; capital of the Campania region
napoleon	n.	French general who became emperor of the French (1769-1821)
napoleon	n.	a rectangular piece of pastry with thin flaky layers and filled with custard cream
napoleon	n.	a card game similar to whist; usually played for stakes
napoleonic	adj.	of or relating to or like Napoleon Bonaparte
napped	v.	take a siesta
napped	adj.	(of fabrics) having soft nap produced by brushing
napping	v.	take a siesta
napping	adj.	not prepared or vigilant
nappy	n.	garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened at the waist; worn by infants to catch excrement
nappy	adj.	(of hair) in small tight curls
narc	n.	a lawman concerned with narcotics violations
narcissism	n.	an exceptional interest in and admiration for yourself
narcissist	n.	someone in love with themselves
narcissistic	adj.	characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance
narcissus	n.	bulbous plant having erect linear leaves and showy yellow or white flowers either solitary or in clusters
narcissus	n.	(Greek mythology) a beautiful young man who fell in love with his own reflection
narcolepsy	n.	a sleep disorder characterized by sudden and uncontrollable episodes of deep sleep
narcoleptic	n.	a person who has narcolepsy
narcoleptic	n.	a soporific drug that produces an uncontrollable desire to sleep
narcoleptic	adj.	of or relating to narcolepsy
narcosis	n.	unconsciousness induced by narcotics or anesthesia
narcotic	n.	a drug that produces numbness or stupor; often taken for pleasure or to reduce pain; extensive use can lead to addiction
narcotic	adj.	of or relating to or designating narcotics
narcotic	adj.	inducing stupor or narcosis
narcotic	adj.	inducing mental lethargy
narcotize	v.	administer narcotics to
nark	n.	an informer or spy working for the police
nark	n.	a lawman concerned with narcotics violations
nark	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
nark	v.	inform or spy (for the police)
narrate	v.	provide commentary for a film, for example
narrate	v.	narrate or give a detailed account of
narration	n.	a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program
narration	n.	the act of giving an account describing incidents or a course of events
narration	n.	(rhetoric) the second section of an oration in which the facts are set forth
narrative	n.	a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program
narrative	adj.	consisting of or characterized by the telling of a story
narrator	n.	someone who tells a story
narrow	n.	a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water
narrow	v.	make or become more narrow or restricted
narrow	v.	define clearly
narrow	v.	become more focus on an area of activity or field of study
narrow	v.	become tight or as if tight
narrow	adj.	not wide
narrow	adj.	limited in size or scope
narrow	adj.	lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth of view
narrow	adj.	very limited in degree
narrow	adj.	characterized by painstaking care and detailed examination
narrowness	n.	the property of being narrow; having little width
narrowness	n.	an inclination to criticize opposing opinions or shocking behavior
narrowness	n.	a restriction of range or scope
narrowness	n.	a small margin
narwhal	n.	small Arctic whale the male having a long spiral ivory tusk
nary	adj.	(used with singular count nouns) colloquial for `not a' or `not one' or `never a'
nasa	n.	an independent agency of the United States government responsible for aviation and spaceflight
nasal	n.	a consonant produced through the nose with the mouth closed
nasal	n.	an elongated rectangular bone that forms the bridge of the nose
nasal	adj.	of or in or relating to the nose
nasal	adj.	sounding as if the nose were pinched
nasality	n.	a quality of the voice that is produced by nasal resonators
nasalization	n.	the act of nasalizing; the utterance of sounds modulated by the nasal resonators
nasalize	v.	speak nasally or through the nose
nasalize	v.	pronounce with a lowered velum
nascence	n.	the event of being born
nascent	adj.	being born or beginning
nasdaq	n.	a computerized data system to provide brokers with price quotations for securities traded over the counter
nash	n.	United States writer noted for his droll epigrams (1902-1971)
nashville	n.	capital of the state of Tennessee; located in the north central part of the state on the Cumberland River; known for country music
nassau	n.	the capital of the Bahamas
nasser	n.	Egyptian statesman who nationalized the Suez Canal (1918-1970)
nasser	n.	lake in Egypt formed by dams built on the Nile River at Aswan
nastily	adv.	in a nasty ill-tempered manner
nastiness	n.	a state characterized by foul or disgusting dirt and refuse
nastiness	n.	malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty
nastiness	n.	the quality of being unpleasant
nasturtium	n.	any tropical American plant of the genus Tropaeolum having pungent juice and long-spurred yellow to red flowers
nasturtium	n.	aquatic herbs
nasturtium	n.	flowers and seeds and leaves all used as flavorings
nasty	adj.	offensive or even (of persons) malicious; ; ; ; ; ; - Ezra Pound
nasty	adj.	exasperatingly difficult to handle or circumvent
nasty	adj.	characterized by obscenity
nasty	adj.	disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter
natal	n.	a region of eastern South Africa on the Indian Ocean
natal	n.	a port city in northeastern Brazil
natal	adj.	relating to or accompanying birth
natal	adj.	of or relating to the buttocks
natchez	n.	a town in southwest Mississippi on the Mississippi River
nation	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
nation	n.	the people who live in a nation or country
nation	n.	United States prohibitionist who raided saloons and destroyed bottles of liquor with a hatchet (1846-1911)
nation	n.	a federation of tribes (especially Native American tribes)
national	n.	a person who owes allegiance to that nation
national	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to a nation or country
national	adj.	limited to or in the interests of a particular nation
national	adj.	concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire nation or country
national	adj.	owned or maintained for the public by the national government
national	adj.	inside the country
national	adj.	characteristic of or peculiar to the people of a nation
national	adj.	of or relating to nationality
nationalism	n.	love of country and willingness to sacrifice for it
nationalism	n.	the doctrine that your national culture and interests are superior to any other
nationalism	n.	the aspiration for national independence felt by people under foreign domination
nationalism	n.	the doctrine that nations should act independently (rather than collectively) to attain their goals
nationalist	n.	one who loves and defends his or her country
nationalist	n.	an advocate of national independence of or a strong national government
nationalist	adj.	devotion to the interests or culture of a particular nation including promoting the interests of one country over those of others
nationalistic	adj.	fanatically patriotic
nationalistic	adj.	devotion to the interests or culture of a particular nation including promoting the interests of one country over those of others
nationality	n.	people having common origins or traditions and often comprising a nation
nationality	n.	the status of belonging to a particular nation by birth or naturalization
nationalization	n.	the action of forming or becoming a nation
nationalization	n.	the action of rendering national in character
nationalization	n.	changing something from private to state ownership or control
nationalize	v.	put under state control or ownership
nationalize	v.	make national in character or scope
nationhood	n.	the state of being a nation
nationwide	adj.	occurring or extending throughout a country or nation
nationwide	adv.	extending throughout an entire nation
native	n.	an indigenous person who was born in a particular place
native	n.	a person born in a particular place or country
native	n.	indigenous plants and animals
native	adj.	characteristic of or existing by virtue of geographic origin
native	adj.	belonging to one by birth
native	adj.	characteristic of or relating to people inhabiting a region from the beginning
native	adj.	as found in nature in the elemental form
nativity	n.	the event of being born
nativity	n.	the theological doctrine that Jesus Christ had no human father; Christians believe that Jesus's birth fulfilled Old Testament prophecies and was attended by miracles; the Nativity is celebrated at Christmas
nato	n.	an international organization created in 1949 by the North Atlantic Treaty for purposes of collective security
natter	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
nattily	adv.	in a natty manner; with smartness
nattiness	n.	stylishness as evidenced by a smart appearance
natty	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
natural	n.	someone regarded as certain to succeed
natural	n.	a notation cancelling a previous sharp or flat
natural	n.	(craps) a first roll of 7 or 11 that immediately wins the stake
natural	adj.	in accordance with nature; relating to or concerning nature
natural	adj.	existing in or produced by nature; not artificial or imitation
natural	adj.	existing in or in conformity with nature or the observable world; neither supernatural nor magical
natural	adj.	functioning or occurring in a normal way; lacking abnormalities or deficiencies
natural	adj.	(of a musical note) being neither raised nor lowered by one chromatic semitone
natural	adj.	unthinking; prompted by (or as if by) instinct
natural	adj.	(used especially of commodities) being unprocessed or manufactured using only simple or minimal processes
natural	adj.	related by blood; not adopted
natural	adj.	being talented through inherited qualities
natural	adj.	free from artificiality
naturalism	n.	(philosophy) the doctrine that the world can be understood in scientific terms without recourse to spiritual or supernatural explanations
naturalism	n.	an artistic movement in 19th century France; artists and writers strove for detailed realistic and factual description
naturalist	n.	an advocate of the doctrine that the world can be understood in scientific terms
naturalist	n.	a biologist knowledgeable about natural history (especially botany and zoology)
naturalistic	adj.	representing what is real; not abstract or ideal
naturalization	n.	the quality of being brought into conformity with nature
naturalization	n.	the proceeding whereby a foreigner is granted citizenship
naturalization	n.	the introduction of animals or plants to places where they flourish but are not indigenous
naturalization	n.	changing the pronunciation of a borrowed word to agree with the borrowers' phonology
naturalize	v.	make into a citizen
naturalize	v.	explain with reference to nature
naturalize	v.	adopt to another place
naturalize	v.	make more natural or lifelike
naturalize	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
naturalness	n.	the quality of being natural or based on natural principles
naturalness	n.	the quality of innocent naivete
naturalness	n.	the likeness of a representation to the thing represented
naturals	n.	someone regarded as certain to succeed
naturals	n.	a notation cancelling a previous sharp or flat
naturals	n.	(craps) a first roll of 7 or 11 that immediately wins the stake
nature	n.	the essential qualities or characteristics by which something is recognized
nature	n.	a causal agent creating and controlling things in the universe
nature	n.	the natural physical world including plants and animals and landscapes etc.
nature	n.	the complex of emotional and intellectual attributes that determine a person's characteristic actions and reactions
nature	n.	a particular type of thing
naturism	n.	going without clothes as a social practice
naturist	n.	a person who practices nudity for reasons of health or religion
naught	n.	a quantity of no importance
naught	n.	complete failure
naughtily	adv.	in a disobedient or naughty way
naughtiness	n.	an attribute of mischievous children
naughty	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
naughty	adj.	badly behaved
nauru	n.	an island republic on Nauru Island; phosphate exports support the economy
nauru	n.	a small island in the central Pacific Ocean 2,800 miles to the southwest of Hawaii; in Micronesia to the west of the Gilbert Islands
nausea	n.	the state that precedes vomiting
nausea	n.	disgust so strong it makes you feel sick
nauseate	v.	upset and make nauseated
nauseate	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
nauseating	v.	upset and make nauseated
nauseating	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
nauseating	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
nauseous	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
nauseous	adj.	feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit
nautical	adj.	relating to or involving ships or shipping or navigation or seamen
nautilus	n.	a submarine that is propelled by nuclear power
nautilus	n.	cephalopod mollusk of warm seas whose females have delicate papery spiral shells
nautilus	n.	cephalopod of the Indian and Pacific oceans having a spiral shell with pale pearly partitions
navajo	n.	a member of an Athapaskan people that migrated to Arizona and New Mexico and Utah
navajo	n.	the Athapaskan language spoken by the Navaho
navajoes	n.	a member of an Athapaskan people that migrated to Arizona and New Mexico and Utah
navajoes	n.	the Athapaskan language spoken by the Navaho
naval	adj.	connected with or belonging to or used in a navy
nave	n.	the central area of a church
navel	n.	a scar where the umbilical cord was attached
navel	n.	the center point or middle of something
navigability	n.	the quality of being suitable for the passage of a ship or aircraft
navigable	adj.	able to be sailed on or through safely
navigate	v.	travel on water propelled by wind or by other means
navigate	v.	act as the navigator in a car, plane, or vessel and plan, direct, plot the path and position of the conveyance
navigate	v.	direct carefully and safely
navigation	n.	the guidance of ships or airplanes from place to place
navigation	n.	ship traffic
navigation	n.	the work of a sailor
navigational	adj.	of or relating to navigation
navigator	n.	the ship's officer in charge of navigation
navigator	n.	the member of an aircrew who is responsible for the aircraft's course
navigator	n.	in earlier times, a person who explored by ship
navratilova	n.	United States tennis player (born in Czechoslovakia) who won nine Wimbledon women's singles championships (born in 1956)
navvy	n.	a laborer who is obliged to do menial work
navy	n.	an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available for sea warfare
navy	n.	a dark shade of blue
navy	n.	the navy of the United States of America; the agency that maintains and trains and equips combat-ready naval forces
nay	n.	a negative
nay	adv.	not this merely but also; not only so but
naysayer	n.	someone with an aggressively negative attitude
nazarene	n.	a member of a group of Jews who (during the early history of the Christian Church) accepted Jesus as the Messiah; they accepted the Gospel According to Matthew but rejected the Epistles of St. Paul and continued to follow Jewish law and celebrate Jewish holidays; they were later declared heretic by the Church of Rome
nazarene	n.	an early name for any Christian
nazarene	n.	an inhabitant of Nazareth
nazarene	adj.	of or relating to the Nazarenes or their religion
nazarene	adj.	of or relating to the town of Nazareth or its inhabitants
nazareth	n.	a historic town in northern Israel that is mentioned in the Gospels as the home of Joseph and Mary
nazi	n.	a German member of Adolf Hitler's political party
nazi	n.	derogatory term for a person who is fanatically dedicated to, or seeks to control, some activity, practice, etc.
nazi	adj.	relating to or consistent with or typical of the ideology and practice of Nazism or the Nazis
nazi	adj.	relating to a form of socialism
nazism	n.	a form of socialism featuring racism and expansionism and obedience to a strong leader
nb	n.	a soft grey ductile metallic element used in alloys; occurs in niobite; formerly called columbium
nb	n.	a Latin phrase (or its abbreviation) used to indicate that special attention should be paid to something
nbs	n.	a soft grey ductile metallic element used in alloys; occurs in niobite; formerly called columbium
nbs	n.	a Latin phrase (or its abbreviation) used to indicate that special attention should be paid to something
nc	n.	a state in southeastern United States; one of the original 13 colonies
nd	n.	a yellow trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs in monazite and bastnasite in association with cerium and lanthanum and praseodymium
nd	n.	a state of north central United States bordering on Canada
ndjamena	n.	the capital and largest city of Chad; located in the southwestern on the Shari river
ne	n.	a colorless odorless gaseous element that give a red glow in a vacuum tube; one of the six inert gasses; occurs in the air in small amounts
ne	n.	the compass point midway between north and east; at 45 degrees
ne	n.	a midwestern state on the Great Plains
ne'er	adv.	not ever; at no time in the past or future
neanderthal	n.	extinct robust human of Middle Paleolithic in Europe and western Asia
neanderthal	adj.	ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance
neanderthal	adj.	relating to or belonging to or resembling Neanderthal man
neap	n.	a less than average tide occurring at the first and third quarters of the moon
neapolitan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Naples
neapolitan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Naples or its people
near	v.	move towards
near	adj.	not far distant in time or space or degree or circumstances
near	adj.	being on the left side
near	adj.	closely resembling the genuine article
near	adj.	giving or spending with reluctance
near	adj.	with or in a close or intimate relationship
near	adj.	very close in resemblance
near	adv.	near in time or place or relationship
near	adv.	(of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
nearby	adj.	close at hand
nearby	adv.	not far away in relative terms
nearness	n.	the spatial property resulting from a relatively small distance
nearside	n.	the side of a vehicle nearest the kerb
nearsighted	adj.	unable to see distant objects clearly
nearsightedness	n.	(ophthalmology) eyesight abnormality resulting from the eye's faulty refractive ability; distant objects appear blurred
neat	adj.	clean or organized
neat	adj.	showing care in execution
neat	adj.	free from what is tawdry or unbecoming
neat	adj.	free from clumsiness; precisely or deftly executed
neat	adj.	very good
neat	adj.	without water
neaten	v.	put (things or places) in order
neaten	v.	care for one's external appearance
neatness	n.	the state of being neat and smart and trim
neatness	n.	the trait of being neat and orderly
neb	n.	a long projecting or anterior elongation of an animal's head; especially the nose
neb	n.	horny projecting mouth of a bird
nebraska	n.	a midwestern state on the Great Plains
nebraskan	n.	a native or resident of Nebraska
nebuchadnezzar	n.	(Old Testament) king of Chaldea who captured and destroyed Jerusalem and exiled the Israelites to Babylonia (630?-562 BC)
nebuchadnezzar	n.	a very large wine bottle holding the equivalent of 20 normal bottles of wine; used especially for display
nebula	n.	a medicinal liquid preparation intended for use in an atomizer
nebula	n.	cloudiness of the urine
nebula	n.	an immense cloud of gas (mainly hydrogen) and dust in interstellar space
nebula	n.	(pathology) a faint cloudy spot on the cornea
nebulae	n.	a medicinal liquid preparation intended for use in an atomizer
nebulae	n.	cloudiness of the urine
nebulae	n.	an immense cloud of gas (mainly hydrogen) and dust in interstellar space
nebulae	n.	(pathology) a faint cloudy spot on the cornea
nebular	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a nebula
nebular	adj.	resembling a cloud
nebulous	adj.	lacking definite form or limits; - H.T.Moore
nebulous	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a nebula
nebulous	adj.	lacking definition or definite content; ; - Jane Austen
necessarily	adv.	in an essential manner
necessarily	adv.	in such a manner as could not be otherwise
necessarily	adv.	as a highly likely consequence
necessary	n.	anything indispensable
necessary	adj.	absolutely essential
necessary	adj.	unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
necessitate	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
necessitate	v.	cause to be a concomitant
necessitous	adj.	poor enough to need help from others
necessity	n.	the condition of being essential or indispensable
necessity	n.	anything indispensable
neck	n.	the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest of the body
neck	n.	a narrow elongated projecting strip of land
neck	n.	a cut of meat from the neck of an animal
neck	n.	a narrow part of an artifact that resembles a neck in position or form
neck	n.	an opening in a garment for the neck of the wearer; a part of the garment near the wearer's neck
neck	v.	kiss, embrace, or fondle with sexual passion
neckband	n.	a band around the collar of a garment
neckband	n.	a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over
neckband	n.	necklace that fits tightly around a woman's neck
neckerchief	n.	a kerchief worn around the neck
necking	n.	the molding at the top of a column
necking	n.	affectionate play (or foreplay without contact with the genital organs)
necking	v.	kiss, embrace, or fondle with sexual passion
necklace	n.	jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about the neck as an ornament (especially by women)
neckline	n.	the line formed by the edge of a garment around the neck
necktie	n.	neckwear consisting of a long narrow piece of material worn (mostly by men) under a collar and tied in knot at the front
necrology	n.	a notice of someone's death; usually includes a short biography
necrology	n.	a list of people who died recently
necromancer	n.	one who practices magic or sorcery
necromancer	n.	one who practices divination by conjuring up the dead
necromancy	n.	the belief in magical spells that harness occult forces or evil spirits to produce unnatural effects in the world
necromancy	n.	conjuring up the dead, especially for prophesying
necrophilia	n.	an irresistible sexual attraction to dead bodies
necropolis	n.	a tract of land used for burials
necroses	v.	undergo necrosis
necrosis	n.	the localized death of living cells (as from infection or the interruption of blood supply)
necrotic	adj.	relating to or affected by necrosis
nectar	n.	a sweet liquid secretion that is attractive to pollinators
nectar	n.	fruit juice especially when undiluted
nectar	n.	(classical mythology) the food and drink of the gods; mortals who ate it became immortal
nectarine	n.	variety or mutation of the peach bearing fruit with smooth skin and (usually) yellow flesh
nectarine	n.	a variety or mutation of the peach that has a smooth skin
nee	adj.	(meaning literally `born') used to indicate the maiden or family name of a married woman
need	n.	a condition requiring relief
need	n.	anything that is necessary but lacking
need	n.	the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior
need	n.	a state of extreme poverty or destitution
need	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
need	v.	have need of
need	v.	have or feel a need for
needed	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
needed	v.	have need of
needed	v.	have or feel a need for
needed	adj.	necessary for relief or supply
needful	adj.	necessary for relief or supply
neediness	n.	a state of extreme poverty
neediness	n.	the quality of needing attention and affection and reassurance to a marked degree
needle	n.	the leaf of a conifer
needle	n.	a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring instrument
needle	n.	a sharp pointed implement (usually steel)
needle	n.	a stylus that formerly made sound by following a groove in a phonograph record
needle	v.	goad or provoke,as by constant criticism
needle	v.	prick with a needle
needlepoint	n.	lace worked with a needle in a buttonhole stitch on a paper pattern
needlepoint	n.	embroidery consisting of allover embroidered canvas resembling tapestry
needless	adj.	unnecessary and unwarranted
needlewoman	n.	someone who makes or mends dresses
needlewomen	n.	someone who makes or mends dresses
needlework	n.	a creation created or assembled by needle and thread
needlework	n.	work (such as sewing or embroidery) that is done with a needle
needy	n.	needy people collectively
needy	adj.	poor enough to need help from others
needy	adj.	demanding or needing attention, affection, or reassurance to an excessive degree
nefarious	adj.	extremely wicked
nefariousness	n.	the quality of being wicked
nefertiti	n.	queen of Egypt and wife of Akhenaton (14th century BC)
negate	v.	be in contradiction with
negate	v.	deny the truth of
negate	v.	prove negative; show to be false
negate	v.	make ineffective by counterbalancing the effect of
negation	n.	a negative statement; a statement that is a refusal or denial of some other statement
negation	n.	the speech act of negating
negation	n.	(logic) a proposition that is true if and only if another proposition is false
negative	n.	a reply of denial
negative	n.	a piece of photographic film showing an image with light and shade or colors reversed
negative	v.	vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent
negative	adj.	characterized by or displaying negation or denial or opposition or resistance; having no positive features
negative	adj.	expressing or consisting of a negation or refusal or denial
negative	adj.	having the quality of something harmful or unpleasant
negative	adj.	not indicating the presence of microorganisms or disease or a specific condition
negative	adj.	reckoned in a direction opposite to that regarded as positive
negative	adj.	less than zero
negative	adj.	designed or tending to discredit, especially without positive or helpful suggestions
negative	adj.	having a negative charge
negative	adj.	involving disadvantage or harm
negativeness	n.	the character of the negative electric pole
negativeness	n.	characterized by habitual skepticism and a disagreeable tendency to deny or oppose or resist suggestions or commands
negativeness	n.	an amount less than zero
negativism	n.	characterized by habitual skepticism and a disagreeable tendency to deny or oppose or resist suggestions or commands
negativity	n.	the character of the negative electric pole
negativity	n.	characterized by habitual skepticism and a disagreeable tendency to deny or oppose or resist suggestions or commands
negativity	n.	an amount less than zero
negativity	n.	(chemistry) the tendency of an atom or radical to attract electrons in the formation of an ionic bond
negev	n.	a desert in southern Israel
neglect	n.	lack of attention and due care
neglect	n.	the state of something that has been unused and neglected
neglect	n.	willful lack of care and attention
neglect	n.	the trait of neglecting responsibilities and lacking concern
neglect	n.	failure to act with the prudence that a reasonable person would exercise under the same circumstances
neglect	v.	leave undone or leave out
neglect	v.	fail to do something; leave something undone
neglect	v.	fail to attend to
neglect	v.	give little or no attention to
neglectful	adj.	not showing due care or attention
neglectful	adj.	failing in what duty requires
neglectfulness	n.	the trait of neglecting responsibilities and lacking concern
negligee	n.	a loose dressing gown for women
negligence	n.	failure to act with the prudence that a reasonable person would exercise under the same circumstances
negligence	n.	the trait of neglecting responsibilities and lacking concern
negligent	adj.	characterized by neglect and undue lack of concern
negligible	adj.	so small as to be meaningless; insignificant
negligible	adj.	not worth considering
negotiable	adj.	capable of being passed or negotiated
negotiable	adj.	able to be negotiated or arranged by compromise
negotiable	adj.	legally transferable to the ownership of another
negotiate	v.	discuss the terms of an arrangement
negotiate	v.	succeed in passing through, around, or over
negotiation	n.	a discussion intended to produce an agreement
negotiation	n.	the activity or business of negotiating an agreement; coming to terms
negotiations	n.	a discussion intended to produce an agreement
negotiations	n.	the activity or business of negotiating an agreement; coming to terms
negotiator	n.	someone who negotiates (confers with others in order to reach a settlement)
negress	n.	a Black woman or girl
negritude	n.	an ideological position that holds Black culture to be independent and valid on its own terms; an affirmation of the African cultural heritage
negro	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
negro	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or being a member of the traditional racial division of mankind having brown to black pigmentation and tightly curled hair
negroes	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
negroid	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
negroid	adj.	characteristic of people traditionally classified as the Negro race
negros	n.	a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa)
nehemiah	n.	an Old Testament book telling how a Jewish official at the court of Artaxerxes I in 444 BC became a leader in rebuilding Jerusalem after the Babylonian Captivity
nehru	n.	Indian statesman and leader with Gandhi in the struggle for home rule; was the first prime minister of the Republic of India from 1947 to 1964 (1889-1964)
neigh	n.	the characteristic sounds made by a horse
neigh	v.	make a characteristic sound, of a horse
neighbor	n.	a person who lives (or is located) near another
neighbor	n.	a nearby object of the same kind
neighbor	v.	live or be located as a neighbor
neighbor	v.	be located near or adjacent to
neighborhood	n.	a surrounding or nearby region
neighborhood	n.	people living near one another
neighborhood	n.	the approximate amount of something (usually used prepositionally as in `in the region of')
neighborhood	n.	an area within a city or town that has some distinctive features (especially one forming a community)
neighborliness	n.	a disposition to be friendly and helpful to neighbors
neighs	n.	the characteristic sounds made by a horse
neighs	v.	make a characteristic sound, of a horse
neither	adj.	not either; not one or the other
nelson	n.	English admiral who defeated the French fleets of Napoleon but was mortally wounded at Trafalgar (1758-1805)
nelson	n.	any of several wrestling holds in which an arm is passed under the opponent's arm from behind and the hand exerts pressure on the back of the neck
nematode	n.	unsegmented worms with elongated rounded body pointed at both ends; mostly free-living but some are parasitic
nembutal	n.	a barbiturate (trade name Nembutal) used as a sedative and hypnotic and antispasmodic
nemeses	n.	(Greek mythology) the goddess of divine retribution and vengeance
nemeses	n.	something causing misery or death
nemesis	n.	(Greek mythology) the goddess of divine retribution and vengeance
nemesis	n.	something causing misery or death
neo	adj.	(used as a combining form) recent or new
neoclassic	adj.	characteristic of a revival of an earlier classical style
neoclassical	adj.	characteristic of a revival of an earlier classical style
neoclassicism	n.	revival of a classical style (in art or literature or architecture or music) but from a new perspective or with a new motivation
neocolonialism	n.	control by a powerful country of its former colonies (or other less developed countries) by economic pressures
neocon	n.	a conservative who subscribes to neoconservatism
neoconservative	n.	a conservative who subscribes to neoconservatism
neocortex	n.	the cortical part of the neencephalon
neodymium	n.	a yellow trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; occurs in monazite and bastnasite in association with cerium and lanthanum and praseodymium
neolithic	n.	latest part of the Stone Age beginning about 10,000 BC in the Middle East (but later elsewhere)
neolithic	adj.	of or relating to the most recent period of the Stone Age (following the mesolithic)
neologism	n.	a newly invented word or phrase
neologism	n.	the act of inventing a word or phrase
neon	n.	a colorless odorless gaseous element that give a red glow in a vacuum tube; one of the six inert gasses; occurs in the air in small amounts
neonatal	adj.	relating to or affecting the infant during the first month after birth
neonate	n.	a baby from birth to four weeks
neophyte	n.	a plant that is found in an area where it had not been recorded previously
neophyte	n.	any new participant in some activity
neophyte	n.	a new convert being taught the principles of Christianity by a catechist
neoplasm	n.	an abnormal new mass of tissue that serves no purpose
neoplastic	adj.	of or related to or having the properties of a neoplasm
neoprene	n.	a synthetic rubber that is resistant to oils and aging; used in waterproof products
nepal	n.	a small landlocked Asian country high in the Himalayas between India and China
nepalese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nepal
nepalese	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Nepal or its people or language or culture
nepali	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nepal
nepali	n.	the official state language of Nepal
nepali	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Nepal or its people or language or culture
nephew	n.	a son of your brother or sister
nephrite	n.	an amphibole mineral consisting of calcium magnesium silicate in monoclinic crystalline form; a source of jade that is less valuable than from jadeite; once believed to cure kidney disorders
nephritic	adj.	affected by nephritis
nephritic	adj.	of or relating to the kidneys
nephritis	n.	an inflammation of the kidney
nephropathy	n.	a disease affecting the kidneys
nepotism	n.	favoritism shown to relatives or close friends by those in power (as by giving them jobs)
nepotist	n.	a powerful person who shows favoritism to relatives or close friends
neptune	n.	(Roman mythology) god of the sea; counterpart of Greek Poseidon
neptune	n.	a giant planet with a ring of ice particles; the 8th planet from the sun is the most remote of the gas giants
neptunium	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; found in trace amounts in uranium ores; a by-product of the production of plutonium
nerd	n.	an insignificant student who is ridiculed as being affected or boringly studious
nerd	n.	an intelligent but single-minded expert in a particular technical field or profession
nereid	n.	(Greek mythology) any of the 50 sea nymphs who were daughters of the sea god Nereus
nero	n.	Roman Emperor notorious for his monstrous vice and fantastic luxury (was said to have started a fire that destroyed much of Rome in 64) but the Roman Empire remained prosperous during his rule (37-68)
neruda	n.	Chilean poet (1904-1973)
nerve	n.	any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body
nerve	n.	the courage to carry on
nerve	n.	impudent aggressiveness
nerve	v.	get ready for something difficult or unpleasant
nerveless	adj.	marked by calm self-control (especially in trying circumstances); unemotional
nerveless	adj.	lacking strength; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
nervelessness	n.	fearless self-possession in the face of danger
nervous	adj.	easily agitated
nervous	adj.	causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
nervous	adj.	of or relating to the nervous system
nervous	adj.	excited in anticipation
nervous	adj.	unpredictably excitable (especially of horses)
nervousness	n.	the anxious feeling you have when you have the jitters
nervousness	n.	an uneasy psychological state
nervousness	n.	a sensitive or highly strung temperament
nervy	adj.	being in a tense state
nervy	adj.	showing or requiring courage and contempt of danger
nervy	adj.	offensively bold
nesselrode	n.	a rich frozen pudding made of chopped chestnuts and maraschino cherries and candied fruits and liqueur or rum
nest	n.	a structure in which animals lay eggs or give birth to their young
nest	n.	a kind of gun emplacement
nest	n.	a cosy or secluded retreat
nest	n.	a gang of people (criminals or spies or terrorists) assembled in one locality
nest	n.	furniture pieces made to fit close together
nest	v.	inhabit a nest, usually after building
nest	v.	fit together or fit inside
nest	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
nest	v.	gather nests
nestle	n.	a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace
nestle	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
nestle	v.	lie in a sheltered position
nestle	v.	position comfortably
nestling	n.	young bird not yet fledged
nestling	n.	a young person of either sex
nestling	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
nestling	v.	lie in a sheltered position
nestling	v.	position comfortably
nestor	n.	(Greek mythology) a wise old counselor to the Greeks at Troy
nestor	n.	a genus of Psittacidae
nestorius	n.	Syrian who was a Christian bishop and Patriarch of Constantinople in the early fifth century; one of the major heresies concerning the doctrine of the hypostasis of Christ was named after him (died in 451)
net	n.	a computer network consisting of a worldwide network of computer networks that use the TCP/IP network protocols to facilitate data transmission and exchange
net	n.	a trap made of netting to catch fish or birds or insects
net	n.	the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
net	n.	a goal lined with netting (as in soccer or hockey)
net	n.	game equipment consisting of a strip of netting dividing the playing area in tennis or badminton
net	n.	an open fabric of string or rope or wire woven together at regular intervals
net	v.	make as a net profit
net	v.	yield as a net profit
net	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
net	v.	catch with a net
net	adj.	remaining after all deductions
net	adj.	conclusive in a process or progression
netball	n.	a team game that resembles basketball; a soccer ball is to be thrown so that it passes through a ring on the top of a post
nether	adj.	lower
nether	adj.	dwelling beneath the surface of the earth
nether	adj.	located below or beneath something else
netherlander	n.	a native or inhabitant of Holland
netherlands	n.	a constitutional monarchy in western Europe on the North Sea; half the country lies below sea level
nethermost	adj.	farthest down
netherworld	n.	(religion) the world of the dead; -Theognis
netscape	n.	a commercial browser
netted	v.	make as a net profit
netted	v.	yield as a net profit
netted	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
netted	v.	catch with a net
netted	adj.	having open interstices or resembling a web
netter	adj.	remaining after all deductions
netting	n.	a net of transparent fabric with a loose open weave
netting	n.	creating nets
netting	v.	make as a net profit
netting	v.	yield as a net profit
netting	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
netting	v.	catch with a net
nettle	n.	any of numerous plants having stinging hairs that cause skin irritation on contact (especially of the genus Urtica or family Urticaceae)
nettle	v.	sting with or as with nettles and cause a stinging pain or sensation
nettle	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
nettlesome	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
nettlesome	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
network	n.	an interconnected system of things or people
network	n.	(broadcasting) a communication system consisting of a group of broadcasting stations that all transmit the same programs
network	n.	an open fabric of string or rope or wire woven together at regular intervals
network	n.	a system of intersecting lines or channels
network	n.	(electronics) a system of interconnected electronic components or circuits
network	v.	communicate with and within a group
networking	v.	communicate with and within a group
neural	adj.	of or relating to the nervous system
neural	adj.	of or relating to neurons
neuralgia	n.	acute spasmodic pain along the course of one or more nerves
neuralgic	adj.	of or relating to or suffering from neuralgia
neurasthenia	n.	nervous breakdown (not in technical use)
neurasthenic	n.	a person suffering a nervous breakdown
neurasthenic	adj.	of or relating to or suffering from neurasthenia
neuritis	n.	inflammation of a nerve accompanied by pain and sometimes loss of function
neurological	adj.	of or relating to or used in or practicing neurology
neurologist	n.	a medical specialist in the nervous system and the disorders affecting it
neurology	n.	the branch of medical science that deals with the nervous system
neurology	n.	(neurology) the branch of medicine that deals with the nervous system and its disorders
neuron	n.	a cell that is specialized to conduct nerve impulses
neuronal	adj.	of or relating to neurons
neuroscience	n.	the scientific study of the nervous system
neuroses	n.	a mental or personality disturbance not attributable to any known neurological or organic dysfunction
neurosis	n.	a mental or personality disturbance not attributable to any known neurological or organic dysfunction
neurosurgeon	n.	someone who does surgery on the nervous system (especially the brain)
neurosurgery	n.	any surgery that involves the nervous system (brain or spinal cord or peripheral nerves)
neurotic	n.	a person suffering from neurosis
neurotic	adj.	characteristic of or affected by neurosis
neurotic	adj.	affected with emotional disorder
neurotically	adv.	in a neurotic manner
neuroticism	n.	a mental or personality disturbance not attributable to any known neurological or organic dysfunction
neurotransmitter	n.	a neurochemical that transmits nerve impulses across a synapse
neuter	n.	a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to inanimate objects (neither masculine nor feminine)
neuter	v.	remove the ovaries of
neuter	adj.	of grammatical gender
neuter	adj.	having no or imperfectly developed or nonfunctional sex organs
neutral	n.	one who does not side with any party in a war or dispute
neutral	adj.	having no personal preference
neutral	adj.	having only a limited ability to react chemically; chemically inactive
neutral	adj.	not supporting or favoring either side in a war, dispute, or contest
neutral	adj.	possessing no distinctive quality or characteristics
neutral	adj.	having no hue
neutral	adj.	lacking distinguishing quality or characteristics
neutral	adj.	having no net electric charge
neutralism	n.	a policy of neutrality or nonalignment in international affairs
neutralist	n.	an advocate of neutrality in international affairs
neutrality	n.	nonparticipation in a dispute or war
neutrality	n.	tolerance attributable to a lack of involvement
neutrality	n.	pH value of 7
neutralization	n.	action intended to keep a country politically neutral or exclude it from a possible war
neutralization	n.	a chemical reaction in which an acid and a base interact with the formation of a salt; with strong acids and bases the essential reaction is the combination of hydrogen ions with hydroxyl ions to form water
neutralization	n.	(euphemism) the removal of a threat by killing or destroying it (especially in a covert operation or military operation)
neutralization	n.	action intended to nullify the effects of some previous action
neutralize	v.	make politically neutral and thus inoffensive
neutralize	v.	make ineffective by counterbalancing the effect of
neutralize	v.	oppose and mitigate the effects of by contrary actions
neutralize	v.	get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing
neutralize	v.	make incapable of military action
neutralize	v.	make chemically neutral
neutrino	n.	an elementary particle with zero charge and zero mass
neutron	n.	an elementary particle with 0 charge and mass about equal to a proton; enters into the structure of the atomic nucleus
neva	n.	a river in northwestern Russia flowing generally west into the Gulf of Finland
nevada	n.	a state in the southwestern United States
nevadan	n.	a native or resident of Nevada
never	adv.	not ever; at no time in the past or future
never	adv.	not at all; certainly not; not in any circumstances
nevermore	adv.	at no time hereafter;  -E.A.Poe
nevertheless	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
nevi	n.	a blemish on the skin that is formed before birth
nevis	n.	one of the islands of Saint Christopher-Nevis
nevus	n.	a blemish on the skin that is formed before birth
new	adj.	not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered
new	adj.	original and of a kind not seen before
new	adj.	lacking training or experience
new	adj.	having no previous example or precedent or parallel
new	adj.	other than the former one(s); different
new	adj.	unaffected by use or exposure
new	adj.	(of a new kind or fashion) gratuitously new
new	adj.	in use after medieval times
new	adj.	used of a living language; being the current stage in its development
new	adj.	(of crops) harvested at an early stage of development; before complete maturity
new	adj.	unfamiliar
new	adv.	very recently
newark	n.	the largest city in New Jersey; located in northeastern New Jersey
newbie	n.	any new participant in some activity
newborn	n.	a baby from birth to four weeks
newborn	adj.	recently born
newborn	adj.	having just or recently arisen or come into existence
newburgh	n.	a town on the Hudson River in New York; in 1782 and 1783 it was George Washington's headquarters
newcastle	n.	a port city in northeastern England on the River Tyne; a center for coal exports (giving rise to the expression `carry coals to Newcastle' meaning to do something unnecessary)
newcomer	n.	any new participant in some activity
newcomer	n.	a recent arrival
newel	n.	the post at the top or bottom of a flight of stairs; it supports the handrail
newel	n.	the central pillar of a circular staircase
newfangled	adj.	(of a new kind or fashion) gratuitously new
newfound	adj.	newly discovered
newfoundland	n.	a breed of very large heavy dogs with a thick coarse usually black coat; highly intelligent dogs and vigorous swimmers; developed in Newfoundland
newfoundland	n.	an island in the north Atlantic
newlywed	n.	someone recently married
newman	n.	United States film actor (born in 1925)
newman	n.	English prelate and theologian who (with John Keble and Edward Pusey) founded the Oxford movement; Newman later turned to Roman Catholicism and became a cardinal (1801-1890)
newness	n.	the quality of being new; the opposite of oldness
newport	n.	a port city in southeastern Wales
newport	n.	a resort city in southeastern Rhode Island; known for the summer homes of millionaires; important yachting center
news	n.	information about recent and important events
news	n.	information reported in a newspaper or news magazine
news	n.	a program devoted to current events, often using interviews and commentary
news	n.	informal information of any kind that is not previously known to someone
news	n.	the quality of being sufficiently interesting to be reported in news bulletins
newsagent	n.	someone who sells newspapers
newsboy	n.	a boy who delivers newspapers
newscast	n.	a broadcast of news or commentary on the news
newscaster	n.	someone who broadcasts the news
newsdealer	n.	someone who sells newspapers
newses	n.	information about recent and important events
newses	n.	information reported in a newspaper or news magazine
newses	n.	a program devoted to current events, often using interviews and commentary
newses	n.	informal information of any kind that is not previously known to someone
newses	n.	the quality of being sufficiently interesting to be reported in news bulletins
newsflash	n.	a short news announcement concerning some on-going news story
newsletter	n.	report or open letter giving informal or confidential news of interest to a special group
newsman	n.	a person who investigates and reports or edits news stories
newsmen	n.	a person who investigates and reports or edits news stories
newspaper	n.	a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements
newspaper	n.	a business firm that publishes newspapers
newspaper	n.	the physical object that is the product of a newspaper publisher
newspaper	n.	cheap paper made from wood pulp and used for printing newspapers
newspaperman	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
newspapermen	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
newspaperwoman	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
newspaperwomen	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
newspeak	n.	deliberately ambiguous and contradictory language use to mislead and manipulate the public
newsprint	n.	cheap paper made from wood pulp and used for printing newspapers
newsreader	n.	someone who reads out broadcast news bulletin
newsreel	n.	a short film and commentary about current events
newsroom	n.	the staff of a newspaper or the news department of a periodical
newsroom	n.	an office in which news is processed by a newspaper or news agency or television or radio station
newsroom	n.	a reading room (in a library or club) where newspapers and other periodicals can be read
newsstand	n.	a stall where newspapers and other periodicals are sold
newswoman	n.	a female newsperson
newswomen	n.	a female newsperson
newsworthiness	n.	the quality of being sufficiently interesting to be reported in news bulletins
newsworthy	adj.	sufficiently interesting to be reported in a newspaper
newsy	adj.	full of news
newsy	adj.	prone to friendly informal communication
newt	n.	small usually bright-colored semiaquatic salamanders of North America and Europe and northern Asia
newton	n.	English mathematician and physicist; remembered for developing the calculus and for his law of gravitation and his three laws of motion (1642-1727)
newton	n.	a unit of force equal to the force that imparts an acceleration of 1 m/sec/sec to a mass of 1 kilogram; equal to 100,000 dynes
newtonian	n.	a follower of Isaac Newton
newtonian	adj.	of or relating to or inspired by Sir Isaac Newton or his science
next	adj.	immediately following in time or order
next	adj.	nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening space
next	adj.	(of elected officers) elected but not yet serving
next	adv.	at the time or occasion immediately following
nexus	n.	the means of connection between things linked in series
nexus	n.	a connected series or group
nh	n.	a state in New England; one of the original 13 colonies
ni	n.	a hard malleable ductile silvery metallic element that is resistant to corrosion; used in alloys; occurs in pentlandite and smaltite and garnierite and millerite
niacin	n.	a B vitamin essential for the normal function of the nervous system and the gastrointestinal tract
niagara	n.	waterfall in Canada is the Horseshoe Falls; in the United States it is the American Falls
niagara	n.	a river flowing from Lake Erie into Lake Ontario; forms boundary between Ontario and New York
niamey	n.	the capital and largest city of Niger
nib	n.	the writing point of a pen
nib	n.	horny projecting mouth of a bird
nibble	n.	a small byte
nibble	n.	gentle biting
nibble	v.	bite off very small pieces
nibble	v.	bite gently
nibble	v.	eat intermittently; take small bites of
nibbler	n.	a biter who takes dainty repeated bites
nibelung	n.	(German mythology) a companion or follower of Siegfried
nibelung	n.	(German mythology) any of the race of dwarfs who possessed a treasure hoard that was stolen by Siegfried
nicaea	n.	an ancient city in Bithynia; founded in the 4th century BC and flourished under the Romans; the Nicene Creed was adopted there in 325
nicaea	n.	the seventh ecumenical council in 787 which refuted iconoclasm and regulated the veneration of holy images
nicaea	n.	the first ecumenical council in 325 which produced the wording of the Nicene Creed and condemned the heresy of Arianism
nicaragua	n.	a republic in Central America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821
nicaraguan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nicaragua
nicaraguan	adj.	of or relating to Nicaragua or is people
nice	n.	a city in southeastern France on the Mediterranean; the leading resort on the French Riviera
nice	adj.	pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; - George Meredith
nice	adj.	socially or conventionally correct; refined or virtuous
nice	adj.	done with delicacy and skill
nice	adj.	excessively fastidious and easily disgusted
nice	adj.	exhibiting courtesy and politeness
nicene	adj.	of or relating to the ancient city of Nicaea in Asia Minor
niceness	n.	a courteous manner that respects accepted social usage
niceness	n.	the quality of nice
niceness	n.	the quality of being difficult to detect or analyze
nicety	n.	conformity with some esthetic standard of correctness or propriety
nicety	n.	a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude
niche	n.	a position particularly well suited to the person who occupies it
niche	n.	a small concavity
niche	n.	an enclosure that is set back or indented
niche	n.	(ecology) the status of an organism within its environment and community (affecting its survival as a species)
nicholas	n.	a bishop in Asia Minor who is associated with Santa Claus (4th century)
nick	n.	an impression in a surface (as made by a blow)
nick	n.	(British slang) a prison
nick	n.	a small cut
nick	v.	cut slightly, with a razor
nick	v.	cut a nick into
nick	v.	divide or reset the tail muscles of
nick	v.	mate successfully; of livestock
nickel	n.	a hard malleable ductile silvery metallic element that is resistant to corrosion; used in alloys; occurs in pentlandite and smaltite and garnierite and millerite
nickel	n.	a United States coin worth one twentieth of a dollar
nickel	n.	five dollars worth of a drug
nickel	v.	plate with nickel
nickelodeon	n.	a cabinet containing an automatic record player; records are played by inserting a coin
nicker	n.	the characteristic sounds made by a horse
nicker	v.	make a characteristic sound, of a horse
nicklaus	n.	United States golfer considered by many to be the greatest golfer of all time (born in 1940)
nickname	n.	a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given name)
nickname	n.	a descriptive name for a place or thing
nickname	v.	give a nickname to
nicosia	n.	the capital and largest city of Cyprus
nicotine	n.	an alkaloid poison that occurs in tobacco; used in medicine and as an insecticide
niebuhr	n.	United States Protestant theologian (1892-1971)
niebuhr	n.	German historian noted for his critical approach to sources and for his history of Rome (1776-1831)
niece	n.	a daughter of your brother or sister
nielsen	n.	Danish composer (1865-1931)
nietzsche	n.	influential German philosopher remembered for his concept of the superman and for his rejection of Christian values; considered, along with Kierkegaard, to be a founder of existentialism (1844-1900)
nifedipine	n.	calcium blocker (trade name Procardia); appears to increase the risk of recurrent heart attacks
niff	n.	an unpleasant smell
niffy	adj.	(British informal) malodorous
nifty	adj.	very good
niger	n.	an African river; flows into the South Atlantic
niger	n.	a landlocked republic in West Africa; gained independence from France in 1960; most of the country is dominated by the Sahara Desert
nigeria	n.	a republic in West Africa on the Gulf of Guinea; gained independence from Britain in 1960; most populous African country
nigerian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nigeria
nigerian	adj.	of or relating to Nigeria
nigerian	adj.	of or relating to the people of Nigeria
nigerien	n.	a native or inhabitant of Niger
nigerien	adj.	of or relating to the people of Nigeria
nigga	n.	(ethnic slur) extremely offensive name for a Black person
niggard	n.	a selfish person who is unwilling to give or spend
niggardliness	n.	extreme stinginess
nigger	n.	(ethnic slur) extremely offensive name for a Black person
niggle	v.	worry unnecessarily or excessively
niggle	v.	argue over petty things
niggler	n.	someone who constantly criticizes in a petty way
nigh	adj.	not far distant in time or space or degree or circumstances
nigh	adj.	being on the left side
nigh	adv.	near in time or place or relationship
nigh	adv.	(of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but
night	n.	the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside
night	n.	a period of ignorance or backwardness or gloom
night	n.	the period spent sleeping
night	n.	the dark part of the diurnal cycle considered a time unit
night	n.	darkness
night	n.	a shortening of nightfall
night	n.	the time between sunset and midnight
night	n.	Roman goddess of night; daughter of Erebus; counterpart of Greek Nyx
nightcap	n.	an alcoholic drink taken at bedtime; often alcoholic
nightcap	n.	a cloth cap worn in bed
nightcap	n.	the final game of a double header
nightclothes	n.	garments designed to be worn in bed
nightclub	n.	a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment (as singers or dancers) as well as dancing and food and drink
nightdress	n.	lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women
nightfall	n.	the time of day immediately following sunset
nightgown	n.	lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women
nighthawk	n.	a person who likes to be active late at night
nighthawk	n.	mainly nocturnal North American goatsucker
nightie	n.	lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women
nightingale	n.	European songbird noted for its melodious nocturnal song
nightingale	n.	English nurse remembered for her work during the Crimean War (1820-1910)
nightlife	n.	the entertainment available to people seeking nighttime diversion
nightlife	n.	the activity of people seeking nighttime diversion (as at the theater, a nightclub, etc.)
nightlong	adj.	lasting, open, or operating through the whole night
nightmare	n.	a situation resembling a terrifying dream
nightmare	n.	a terrifying or deeply upsetting dream
nightmarish	adj.	extremely alarming
nightshade	n.	any of numerous shrubs or herbs or vines of the genus Solanum; most are poisonous though many bear edible fruit
nightshirt	n.	nightclothes worn by men
nightspot	n.	a spot that is open late at night and that provides entertainment (as singers or dancers) as well as dancing and food and drink
nightstick	n.	a short stout club used primarily by policemen
nighttime	n.	the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside
nightwear	n.	garments designed to be worn in bed
nih	n.	an agency in the Department of Health and Human Services whose mission is to employ science in the pursuit of knowledge to improve human health; is the principal biomedical research agency of the federal government
nihilism	n.	a revolutionary doctrine that advocates destruction of the social system for its own sake
nihilism	n.	the delusion that things (or everything, including the self) do not exist; a sense that everything is unreal
nihilism	n.	complete denial of all established authority and institutions
nihilist	n.	someone who rejects all theories of morality or religious belief
nihilist	n.	an advocate of anarchism
nihilistic	adj.	of or relating to nihilism
nijinsky	n.	Russian dancer considered by many to be the greatest dancer of the 20th century (1890-1950)
nike	n.	(Greek mythology) winged goddess of victory; identified with Roman Victoria
nil	n.	a quantity of no importance
nile	n.	the world's longest river (4150 miles); flows northward through eastern Africa into the Mediterranean; the Nile River valley in Egypt was the site of the world's first great civilization
nimbi	n.	a dark grey cloud bearing rain
nimbi	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
nimble	adj.	moving quickly and lightly
nimble	adj.	mentally quick
nimbleness	n.	intelligence as revealed by quickness and alertness of mind
nimbleness	n.	the gracefulness of a person or animal that is quick and nimble
nimbly	adv.	in a nimble or agile manner; with quickness and lightness and ease; - Charles Dickens
nimbus	n.	a dark grey cloud bearing rain
nimbus	n.	an indication of radiant light drawn around the head of a saint
nimby	n.	someone who objects to siting something in their own neighborhood but does not object to it being sited elsewhere; an acronym for not in my backyard
nimitz	n.	United States admiral of the Pacific fleet during World War II who used aircraft carriers to destroy the Japanese navy (1885-1966)
nimrod	n.	(Old Testament) a famous hunter
nina	n.	the Babylonian goddess of the watery deep and daughter of Ea
nincompoop	n.	a stupid foolish person
nine	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one
nine	n.	a team of professional baseball players who play and travel together
nine	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck with nine pips on the face
nine	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of one more than eight and one less than ten
ninepin	n.	a bowling pin of the type used in playing ninepins or (in England) skittles
ninepins	n.	a bowling game that is played by rolling a bowling ball down a bowling alley at a target of nine wooden pins
ninepins	n.	a bowling pin of the type used in playing ninepins or (in England) skittles
nineteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eighteen and one
nineteen	adj.	being one more than eighteen
nineteenth	n.	position 19 in a countable series of things
nineteenth	adj.	coming next after the eighteenth in position
nineteenths	n.	position 19 in a countable series of things
ninetieth	n.	position 90 in a countable series of things
ninetieth	adj.	the ordinal number of ninety in counting order
ninetieths	n.	position 90 in a countable series of things
ninety	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and nine
ninety	adj.	being ten more than eighty
nineveh	n.	an ancient Assyrian city on the Tigris across from the modern city of Mosul in the northern part of what is now known as Iraq
ninja	n.	a member of the ninja who were trained in martial arts and hired for espionage or sabotage or assassinations; a person skilled in ninjutsu
ninja	n.	a class of 14th century Japanese who were trained in martial arts and were hired for espionage and assassinations
ninny	n.	a stupid foolish person
ninth	n.	position nine in a countable series of things
ninth	n.	one part in nine equal parts
ninth	adj.	coming next after the eighth and just before the tenth in position
ninths	n.	position nine in a countable series of things
ninths	n.	one part in nine equal parts
niobe	n.	(Greek mythology) the daughter of Tantalus whose boasting about her children provoked Apollo and Artemis to slay them all; Niobe was turned to stone while bewailing her loss
niobium	n.	a soft grey ductile metallic element used in alloys; occurs in niobite; formerly called columbium
nip	n.	a small drink of liquor
nip	n.	(offensive slang) offensive term for a person of Japanese descent
nip	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
nip	n.	the property of being moderately cold
nip	n.	a tart spicy quality
nip	n.	a small sharp bite or snip
nip	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
nip	v.	give a small sharp bite to
nip	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
nipped	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
nipped	v.	give a small sharp bite to
nipped	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
nipper	n.	a young person of either sex
nipper	n.	a grasping structure on the limb of a crustacean or other arthropods
nipping	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
nipping	v.	give a small sharp bite to
nipping	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
nipping	adj.	capable of wounding
nipping	adj.	pleasantly cold and invigorating
nipple	n.	the small projection of a mammary gland
nipple	n.	a flexible cap on a baby's feeding bottle or pacifier
nippon	n.	a constitutional monarchy occupying the Japanese Archipelago; a world leader in electronics and automobile manufacture and ship building
nipponese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Japan
nipponese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Japan or its people or their culture or language
nippy	adj.	a sharp biting taste
nippy	adj.	pleasantly cold and invigorating
nirvana	n.	(Hinduism and Buddhism) the beatitude that transcends the cycle of reincarnation; characterized by the extinction of desire and suffering and individual consciousness
nirvana	n.	any place of complete bliss and delight and peace
nisan	n.	the seventh month of the civil year; the first month of the ecclesiastic year (in March and April)
nisei	n.	a person born in the United States of parents who emigrated from Japan
nissan	n.	the seventh month of the civil year; the first month of the ecclesiastic year (in March and April)
nit	n.	a luminance unit equal to 1 candle per square meter measured perpendicular to the rays from the source
nit	n.	egg or young of an insect parasitic on mammals especially a sucking louse; often attached to a hair or item of clothing
niter	n.	(KNO3) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive
nitpick	v.	be overly critical; criticize minor details
nitpicker	n.	someone who makes small and unjustified criticisms
nitpicking	v.	be overly critical; criticize minor details
nitrate	n.	any compound containing the nitrate group (such as a salt or ester of nitric acid)
nitrate	v.	treat with nitric acid, so as to change an organic compound into a nitrate
nitric	adj.	of or containing nitrogen
nitrification	n.	the chemical process in which a nitro group is added to an organic compound (or substituted for another group in an organic compound)
nitrification	n.	the oxidation of ammonium compounds in dead organic material into nitrates and nitrites by soil bacteria (making nitrogen available to plants)
nitrite	n.	the radical -NO2 or any compound containing it (such as a salt or ester of nitrous acid)
nitrocellulose	n.	a nitric acid ester; used in lacquers and explosives
nitrogen	n.	a common nonmetallic element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless inert diatomic gas; constitutes 78 percent of the atmosphere by volume; a constituent of all living tissues
nitrogenous	adj.	of or relating to or containing nitrogen
nitroglycerin	n.	a heavy yellow poisonous oily explosive liquid obtained by nitrating glycerol; used in making explosives and medically as a vasodilator (trade names Nitrospan and Nitrostat)
nitwit	n.	a stupid incompetent person
nix	n.	a quantity of no importance
nix	v.	command against
nixon	n.	vice president under Eisenhower and 37th President of the United States; resigned after the Watergate scandal in 1974 (1913-1994)
nj	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state on the Atlantic; one of the original 13 colonies
nlrb	n.	an independent agency of the United States government charged with mediating disputes between management and labor unions
nm	n.	a metric unit of length equal to one billionth of a meter
nm	n.	a state in southwestern United States on the Mexican border
no	n.	a negative
no	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding curium with carbon ions; 7 isotopes are known
no	adj.	quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns for indicating a complete or almost complete lack or zero quantity of
no	adv.	referring to the degree to which a certain quality is present
no	adv.	not in any degree or manner; not at all
no	adv.	used to express refusal or denial or disagreement etc or especially to emphasize a negative statement
noah	n.	the Hebrew patriarch who saved himself and his family and the animals by building an ark in which they survived 40 days and 40 nights of rain; the story of Noah and the flood is told in the Book of Genesis
nob	n.	informal term for an upper-class or wealthy person
nobble	v.	deprive of by deceit
nobble	v.	make off with belongings of others
nobble	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
nobble	v.	disable by drugging
nobel	n.	Swedish chemist remembered for his invention of dynamite and for the bequest that created the Nobel prizes (1833-1896)
nobelist	n.	winner of a Nobel prize
nobelium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding curium with carbon ions; 7 isotopes are known
nobility	n.	a privileged class holding hereditary titles
nobility	n.	the quality of elevation of mind and exaltation of character or ideals or conduct
nobility	n.	the state of being of noble birth
noble	n.	a titled peer of the realm
noble	adj.	impressive in appearance
noble	adj.	of or belonging to or constituting the hereditary aristocracy especially as derived from feudal times
noble	adj.	having or showing or indicative of high or elevated character
noble	adj.	inert especially toward oxygen
nobleman	n.	a titled peer of the realm
noblemen	n.	a titled peer of the realm
nobleness	n.	the quality of elevation of mind and exaltation of character or ideals or conduct
noblewoman	n.	a woman of the peerage in Britain
noblewomen	n.	a woman of the peerage in Britain
nobody	n.	a person of no influence
nocturnal	adj.	belonging to or active during the night
nocturnal	adj.	of or relating to or occurring in the night
nocturne	n.	a pensive lyrical piece of music (especially for the piano)
nod	n.	a sign of assent or salutation or command
nod	n.	the act of nodding the head
nod	v.	express or signify by nodding
nod	v.	lower and raise the head, as to indicate assent or agreement or confirmation
nod	v.	let the head fall forward through drowsiness
nod	v.	sway gently back and forth, as in a nodding motion
nod	v.	be almost asleep
nodded	v.	express or signify by nodding
nodded	v.	lower and raise the head, as to indicate assent or agreement or confirmation
nodded	v.	let the head fall forward through drowsiness
nodded	v.	sway gently back and forth, as in a nodding motion
nodded	v.	be almost asleep
nodding	v.	express or signify by nodding
nodding	v.	lower and raise the head, as to indicate assent or agreement or confirmation
nodding	v.	let the head fall forward through drowsiness
nodding	v.	sway gently back and forth, as in a nodding motion
nodding	v.	be almost asleep
nodding	adj.	having branches or flower heads that bend downward
noddle	n.	an informal British expression for head or mind
node	n.	a connecting point at which several lines come together
node	n.	any thickened enlargement
node	n.	(botany) the small swelling that is the part of a plant stem from which one or more leaves emerge
node	n.	(physics) the point of minimum displacement in a periodic system
node	n.	(astronomy) a point where an orbit crosses a plane
node	n.	the source of lymph and lymphocytes
node	n.	any bulge or swelling of an anatomical structure or part
node	n.	(computer science) any computer that is hooked up to a computer network
nodular	adj.	relating to or characterized by or having nodules
nodular	adj.	having nodules or occurring in the form of nodules
nodule	n.	a small node
nodule	n.	small rounded wartlike protuberance on a plant
nodule	n.	(mineralogy) a small rounded lump of mineral substance (usually harder than the surrounding rock or sediment)
noel	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
noemi	n.	the mother-in-law of Ruth whose story is told in the Book of Ruth in the Old Testament
noes	n.	a negative
noes	n.	a radioactive transuranic element synthesized by bombarding curium with carbon ions; 7 isotopes are known
noggin	n.	informal terms for a human head
nohow	adv.	in no manner; in no way
noise	n.	sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound)
noise	n.	the auditory experience of sound that lacks musical quality; sound that is a disagreeable auditory experience
noise	n.	electrical or acoustic activity that can disturb communication
noise	n.	a loud outcry of protest or complaint
noise	n.	incomprehensibility resulting from irrelevant information or meaningless facts or remarks
noise	n.	the quality of lacking any predictable order or plan
noise	v.	emit a noise
noiseless	adj.	making no sound; - Shakespeare
noiselessness	n.	the property of making no noise
noisemaker	n.	a device (such as a clapper or bell or horn) used to make a loud noise at a celebration
noisily	adv.	with much noise or loud and unpleasant sound
noisiness	n.	the auditory effect characterized by loud and constant noise
noisome	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
noisome	adj.	offensively malodorous
noisy	adj.	full of or characterized by loud and nonmusical sounds
noisy	adj.	attracting attention by showiness or bright colors
nomad	n.	a member of a people who have no permanent home but move about according to the seasons
nomadic	adj.	migratory
nome	n.	a town in western Alaska on the southern coast of the Seward Peninsula; an important center of an Alaskan gold rush at the beginning of the 20th century
nomenclature	n.	a system of words used to name things in a particular discipline
nominal	n.	a phrase that can function as the subject or object of a verb
nominal	adj.	relating to or constituting or bearing or giving a name
nominal	adj.	insignificantly small; a matter of form only (`tokenish' is informal)
nominal	adj.	pertaining to a noun or to a word group that functions as a noun
nominal	adj.	of, relating to, or characteristic of an amount that is not adjusted for inflation
nominal	adj.	named; bearing the name of a specific person
nominal	adj.	existing in name only
nominate	v.	propose as a candidate for some honor
nominate	v.	put forward; nominate for appointment to an office or for an honor or position
nominate	v.	charge with a function; charge to be
nominate	v.	create and charge with a task or function
nomination	n.	the act of officially naming a candidate
nomination	n.	the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election
nomination	n.	an address (usually at a political convention) proposing the name of a candidate to run for election
nominative	n.	the category of nouns serving as the grammatical subject of a verb
nominative	adj.	serving as or indicating the subject of a verb and words identified with the subject of a copular verb
nominative	adj.	named; bearing the name of a specific person
nominative	adj.	appointed by nomination
nominator	n.	someone who proposes a candidate for appointment or election
nominee	n.	a politician who is running for public office
non	adv.	negation of a word or group of words
nonabsorbent	adj.	not capable of absorbing or soaking up (liquids)
nonacceptance	n.	the act of refusing an offer
nonaddictive	adj.	not causing or characterized by addiction
nonadhesive	adj.	not tending to adhere
nonadjacent	adj.	not adjacent; not next
nonage	n.	any age prior to the legal age
nonagenarian	n.	someone whose age is in the nineties
nonagenarian	adj.	being from 90 to 99 years old
nonaggression	n.	a policy of not initiating hostilities
nonalcoholic	adj.	characterized by the absence of alcohol
nonaligned	adj.	not affiliated with any faction, party, or cause
nonalignment	n.	people (or countries) who are not aligned with other people (or countries) in a pact or treaty
nonappearance	n.	failure to appear (especially as at court)
nonattendance	n.	the failure to attend
nonbeliever	n.	someone who refuses to believe (as in a divinity)
nonbelligerent	adj.	not directly at war
noncaloric	adj.	of food have no (or few) calories
nonce	n.	the present occasion
nonchalance	n.	the trait of remaining calm and seeming not to care; a casual lack of concern
nonchalant	adj.	marked by blithe unconcern
noncom	n.	a military officer appointed from enlisted personnel
noncombatant	n.	a member of the armed forces who does not participate in combat (e.g. a chaplain or surgeon)
noncombatant	adj.	used of civilians in time of war
noncombatant	adj.	member of armed forces whose duties do not include fighting as e.g. a chaplain or surgeon
noncombustible	adj.	not capable of igniting and burning
noncommercial	adj.	not connected with or engaged in commercial enterprises
noncommittal	adj.	refusing to bind oneself to a particular course of action or view or the like
noncommunicable	adj.	(of disease) not capable of being passed on
noncompetitive	adj.	not involving competition or competitiveness
noncompliance	n.	the failure to obey
nonconducting	adj.	not able to conduct heat or electricity or sound
nonconductor	n.	a material such as glass or porcelain with negligible electrical or thermal conductivity
nonconforming	adj.	not conforming to established customs or doctrines especially in religion
nonconformism	n.	a lack of orthodoxy in thoughts or beliefs
nonconformism	n.	the practice of nonconformity
nonconformist	n.	a Protestant in England who is not a member of the Church of England
nonconformist	n.	someone who refuses to conform to established standards of conduct
nonconformist	adj.	not conforming to some norm or socially approved pattern of behavior or thought
nonconformist	adj.	not conforming to established customs or doctrines especially in religion
nonconformity	n.	lack of harmony or correspondence
nonconformity	n.	a lack of orthodoxy in thoughts or beliefs
nonconformity	n.	unorthodoxy as a consequence of not conforming to expected standards or values
nonconformity	n.	failure to conform to accepted standards of behavior
noncontagious	adj.	(of disease) not capable of being passed on
noncontinuous	adj.	not continuing without interruption in time or space
noncontroversial	adj.	not likely to arouse controversy
noncritical	adj.	not critical; not at a point of abrupt change
noncritical	adj.	not in a state of crisis or emergency
noncritical	adj.	marked by disregard for critical standards or procedures
noncrystalline	adj.	not crystalline
nondeductible	adj.	not allowable as a deduction
nondenominational	adj.	not restricted to a particular religious denomination
nondescript	n.	a person is not easily classified and not very interesting
nondescript	adj.	lacking distinct or individual characteristics; dull and uninteresting
nondrinker	n.	a person who refrains from drinking intoxicating beverages
none	n.	a canonical hour that is the ninth hour of the day counting from sunrise
none	n.	a service in the Roman Catholic Church formerly read or chanted at 3 PM (the ninth hour counting from sunrise) but now somewhat earlier
none	adj.	not any
none	adv.	not at all or in no way
nonentity	n.	the state of not existing
nonentity	n.	a person of no influence
nonequivalent	adj.	not equal or interchangeable in value, quantity, or significance
nonessential	n.	anything that is not essential
nonessential	adj.	not of prime or central importance; - Pubs.MLA
nonesuch	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
nonetheless	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
nonevent	n.	an anticipated event that turns out to be far less significant than was expected
nonexempt	adj.	(of goods or funds) subject to taxation
nonexempt	adj.	(of persons) not exempt from an obligation or liability
nonexistence	n.	the state of not existing
nonexistent	adj.	not having existence or being or actuality
nonexplosive	adj.	not explosive
nonfat	adj.	without fat or fat solids
nonfatal	adj.	not bringing death
nonfiction	n.	prose writing that is not fictional
nonfictional	adj.	not fictional
nonflammable	adj.	impossible to ignite
nonflowering	adj.	without flower or bloom and not producing seeds
nonfunctional	adj.	not having or performing a function
nonfunctional	adj.	not performing or able to perform its regular function
nongranular	adj.	not having granules
nonhereditary	adj.	not acquirable by inheritance
nonhuman	adj.	not human; not belonging to or produced by or appropriate to human beings
nonindustrial	adj.	not having highly developed manufacturing enterprises
noninfectious	adj.	not infectious
noninflammatory	adj.	not inflammatory
nonintellectual	adj.	not intellectual
noninterchangeable	adj.	such that the terms of an expression cannot be interchanged without changing the meaning
noninterference	n.	a foreign policy of staying out of other countries' disputes
nonintervention	n.	a foreign policy of staying out of other countries' disputes
noninvasive	adj.	relating to a technique that does not involve puncturing the skin or entering a body cavity
nonjudgmental	adj.	refraining from making judgments especially ones based on personal opinions or standards
nonlegal	adj.	not regulated or sanctioned by law
nonlethal	adj.	not capable of causing death
nonlinear	adj.	designating or involving an equation whose terms are not of the first degree
nonliterary	adj.	marked by lack of affectation or pedantry; - W.D.Howells
nonliving	adj.	not endowed with life
nonmagnetic	adj.	not capable of being magnetized
nonmember	n.	a person who is not a member
nonmetal	n.	a chemical element lacking typical metallic properties
nonmetal	adj.	not containing or resembling or characteristic of a metal
nonmetallic	adj.	not containing or resembling or characteristic of a metal
nonmigratory	adj.	used of animals that do not migrate
nonmilitary	adj.	not associated with soldiers or the military
nonnative	adj.	not being or composed of aborigines
nonnative	adj.	of persons born in another area or country than that lived in
nonnative	adj.	of plants or animals originating in a part of the world other than where they are growing
nonobjective	adj.	not representing or imitating external reality or the objects of nature
nonobligatory	adj.	not required by rule or law
nonobservance	n.	a lack of conformity with law or custom or practice etc.
nonobservant	adj.	failing or refusing to observe religious customs
nonoperational	adj.	(military) not involved in military operations
nonparallel	adj.	of or relating to the sequential performance of multiple operations
nonparallel	adj.	(of e.g. lines or paths) not parallel; converging
nonpareil	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
nonpareil	n.	colored beads of sugar used as a topping on e.g. candies and cookies
nonpareil	n.	a flat disk of chocolate covered with beads of colored sugar
nonpareil	adj.	eminent beyond or above comparison
nonparticipant	n.	a person who does not participate
nonpartisan	n.	a person who is nonpartisan
nonpartisan	adj.	free from party affiliation or bias
nonpayment	n.	act of failing to meet a financial obligation
nonpayment	n.	loss resulting from failure of a debt to be paid
nonpayment	n.	the deliberate act of failing to pay money
nonperformance	n.	failure to act with the prudence that a reasonable person would exercise under the same circumstances
nonperson	n.	a person regarded as nonexistent and having no rights; a person whose existence is systematically ignored (especially for ideological or political reasons)
nonphysical	adj.	lacking substance or reality; incapable of being touched or seen
nonplus	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
nonplussed	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
nonplussed	adj.	filled with bewilderment
nonplussing	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
nonpoisonous	adj.	not producing poison
nonpoisonous	adj.	safe to eat
nonpolitical	adj.	not political
nonporous	adj.	not porous; especially not having vessels that appear as pores
nonprescription	adj.	purchasable without a doctor's prescription
nonproductive	adj.	not directly productive
nonprofessional	adj.	not professional; not engaged in a profession or engaging in as a profession or for gain
nonprofit	n.	an organization chartered for other than profit-making activities
nonprofit	adj.	not commercially motivated
nonproliferation	n.	the prevention of something increasing or spreading (especially the prevention of an increase in the number of countries possessing nuclear weapons)
nonpublic	adj.	not invested with or related to prominent position or status etc.
nonracial	adj.	not racial; having nothing to do with race or races
nonradioactive	adj.	not radioactive
nonrandom	adj.	not random
nonreciprocal	adj.	not reciprocal
nonreciprocating	adj.	not moving alternately forward and backward
nonrenewable	adj.	that can not be renewed
nonrepresentational	adj.	of or relating to a style of art in which objects do not resemble those known in physical nature
nonresident	n.	someone who does not live in a particular place
nonresident	adj.	not living in a particular place or owned by permanent residents
nonresidential	adj.	not residential
nonresistance	n.	group refusal to resort to violence even in defense against violence
nonresistant	adj.	(often followed by `to') likely to be affected with
nonresistant	adj.	offering no resistance
nonrestrictive	adj.	not limiting the reference of a modified word or phrase
nonreturnable	adj.	that may not be returned
nonrhythmic	adj.	deliberately not rhythmic
nonrigid	adj.	designating an airship having a shape maintained only by internal gas pressure and without a supporting structure
nonsectarian	adj.	not restricted to one sect or school or party; ; ; - Bertrand Russell
nonsegregated	adj.	rid of segregation; having had segregation ended
nonsense	n.	a message that seems to convey no meaning
nonsense	n.	ornamental objects of no great value
nonsense	adj.	having no intelligible meaning
nonsensical	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
nonsensical	adj.	having no intelligible meaning
nonsensitive	adj.	never having had security classification
nonsexual	adj.	not having or involving sex
nonskid	adj.	designed to reduce or prevent skidding
nonslip	adj.	designed to reduce or prevent slipping
nonsmoker	n.	a person who does not smoke tobacco
nonsmoker	n.	a passenger car for passengers who want to avoid tobacco smoke
nonsocial	adj.	of plants and animals; not growing or living in groups or colonies
nonspeaking	adj.	not capable of or especially not involving speech or spoken lines
nonspecific	adj.	not caused by a specific agent; used also of staining in making microscope slides
nonstandard	adj.	not conforming to the language usage of a prestige group within a community; ; - A.R.Dunlap
nonstandard	adj.	varying from or not adhering to a standard
nonstandard	adj.	not standard; not accepted as a model of excellence
nonstarter	n.	a person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently
nonstarter	n.	a horse that fails to run in a race for which it has been entered
nonstick	adj.	(of surfaces especially of cooking utensils) permitting easy removal of adherent food particles
nonstop	n.	a flight made without intermediate stops between source and destination
nonstop	adj.	(of a journey especially a flight) occurring without stops
nonstop	adj.	at all times
nonstop	adv.	without stopping
nonstructural	adj.	not structural
nonsurgical	adj.	not surgical
nontaxable	adj.	(of goods or funds) not subject to taxation
nontechnical	adj.	not characteristic of or skilled in applied arts and sciences
nontoxic	adj.	not producing or resulting from poison
nontoxic	adj.	safe to eat
nontraditional	adj.	not conforming to or in accord with tradition
nontransferable	adj.	incapable of being transferred
nonuniform	adj.	not homogeneous
nonunion	adj.	not belonging to or not allowing affiliation with a trade union
nonvenomous	adj.	not producing venom
nonverbal	adj.	being other than verbal communication
nonverbal	adj.	lacking verbal skill
nonverbal	adj.	involving little use of language
nonviable	adj.	not capable of living or developing successfully
nonviolence	n.	peaceful resistance to a government by fasting or refusing to cooperate
nonviolent	adj.	abstaining (on principle) from the use of violence
nonviolent	adj.	achieved without bloodshed
nonvolatile	adj.	not volatilizing readily
noodle	n.	a ribbonlike strip of pasta
noodle	n.	informal terms for a human head
nook	n.	a sheltered and secluded place
nook	n.	an interior angle formed by two meeting walls
nookie	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
nooky	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
noon	n.	the middle of the day
noonday	n.	the middle of the day
noontide	n.	the middle of the day
noose	n.	a trap for birds or small mammals; often has a slip noose
noose	n.	a loop formed in a cord or rope by means of a slipknot; it binds tighter as the cord or rope is pulled
noose	v.	make a noose in or of
noose	v.	secure with a noose
nootka	n.	a member of the Wakashan people living on Vancouver Island and in the Cape Flattery region of northwestern Washington
nootka	n.	a Wakashan language spoken by the Nootka
nordic	n.	the northern family of Germanic languages that are spoken in Scandinavia and Iceland
nordic	adj.	of or relating to or constituting the Scandinavian group of languages
nordic	adj.	relating to Germany and Scandinavia
nordic	adj.	resembling peoples of Scandinavia
norfolk	n.	port city located in southeastern Virginia on the Elizabeth River at the mouth of Chesapeake Bay; headquarters of the Atlantic fleet of the United States Navy
norm	n.	a standard or model or pattern regarded as typical
norm	n.	a statistic describing the location of a distribution
norma	n.	a small constellation in the southern hemisphere near Lupus and Ara in the Milky Way
normal	n.	something regarded as a normative example
normal	adj.	conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal
normal	adj.	in accordance with scientific laws
normal	adj.	being approximately average or within certain limits in e.g. intelligence and development
normal	adj.	forming a right angle
normalcy	n.	being within certain limits that define the range of normal functioning
normalcy	n.	expectedness as a consequence of being usual or regular or common
normality	n.	being within certain limits that define the range of normal functioning
normality	n.	(of a solution) concentration expressed in gram equivalents of solute per liter
normality	n.	expectedness as a consequence of being usual or regular or common
normality	n.	conformity with the norm
normalization	n.	the imposition of standards or regulations
normalize	v.	become normal or return to its normal state
normalize	v.	make normal or cause to conform to a norm or standard
normalize	v.	bring to a desired consistency, texture, or hardness by a process of gradually heating and cooling
norman	n.	United States operatic soprano (born in 1945)
norman	n.	Australian golfer (born in 1955)
norman	n.	an inhabitant of Normandy
norman	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Normandy
norman	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Normans
normandy	n.	a former province of northwestern France on the English channel; divided into Haute-Normandie and Basse-Normandie
normative	adj.	relating to or dealing with norms
normative	adj.	pertaining to giving directives or rules
norris	n.	United States writer (1870-1902)
norse	n.	an inhabitant of Scandinavia
norse	n.	a native or inhabitant of Norway
norse	n.	the northern family of Germanic languages that are spoken in Scandinavia and Iceland
norse	adj.	of or relating to Scandinavia or its peoples or cultures
norse	adj.	of or relating to Norway or its people or culture or language
norseman	n.	a native or inhabitant of Norway
norsemen	n.	a native or inhabitant of Norway
north	n.	the region of the United States lying to the north of the Mason-Dixon line
north	n.	the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War)
north	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
north	n.	a location in the northern part of a country, region, or city
north	n.	the direction corresponding to the northward cardinal compass point
north	n.	the direction in which a compass needle points
north	n.	British statesman under George III whose policies led to rebellion in the American colonies (1732-1792)
north	adj.	situated in or facing or moving toward or coming from the north
north	adv.	in a northern direction
northampton	n.	the principal city of Northamptonshire
northbound	adj.	moving toward the north
northeast	n.	the compass point midway between north and east; at 45 degrees
northeast	n.	the northeastern region of the United States
northeast	n.	the direction corresponding to the northeastward compass point
northeast	n.	a location in the northeastern part of a country, region, or city
northeast	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northeast
northeast	adj.	coming from the northeast
northeast	adv.	to, toward, or in the northeast
northeaster	n.	a storm blowing from the northeast
northeaster	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northeast
northeaster	adj.	coming from the northeast
northeastern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northeast
northeastern	adj.	of a region of the United States generally including the New England states; New York; and sometimes New Jersey and Pennsylvania
northeastward	n.	the compass point midway between north and east; at 45 degrees
northeastward	adj.	toward the northeast
northeastward	adv.	in a northeastward direction
norther	n.	a wind that blows from the north
northerly	n.	a wind that blows from the north
northerly	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the north
northerly	adj.	coming from the north; used especially of wind
northerly	adv.	in a northern direction
northern	n.	a dialect of Middle English that developed into Scottish Lallans
northern	adj.	in or characteristic of a region of the United States north of (approximately) the Mason-Dixon line
northern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the north
northern	adj.	coming from the north; used especially of wind
northern	adj.	situated in or coming from regions of the north
northerner	n.	an inhabitant of the North
northerner	n.	an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War)
northernmost	adj.	situated farthest north
northrop	n.	United States biochemist (1891-1987)
norths	n.	the region of the United States lying to the north of the Mason-Dixon line
norths	n.	the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War)
norths	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
norths	n.	a location in the northern part of a country, region, or city
norths	n.	the direction corresponding to the northward cardinal compass point
norths	n.	the direction in which a compass needle points
norths	n.	British statesman under George III whose policies led to rebellion in the American colonies (1732-1792)
northward	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
northward	adj.	moving toward the north
northward	adv.	in a northern direction
northwest	n.	the northwestern region of the United States
northwest	n.	the direction corresponding to the northwestward compass point
northwest	n.	the compass point midway between north and west; at 315 degrees
northwest	n.	a location in the northwestern part of a country, region, or city
northwest	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northwest
northwest	adj.	coming from the northwest
northwest	adv.	to, toward, or in the northwest
northwester	n.	a wind from the northwest
northwester	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northwest
northwester	adj.	coming from the northwest
northwestern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the northwest
northwestern	adj.	of a region of the United States generally including Washington; Oregon; Idaho; and sometimes Montana; Wyoming
northwestward	n.	the compass point midway between north and west; at 315 degrees
northwestward	adj.	toward the northwest
northwestward	adv.	in a northwestward direction
norway	n.	a constitutional monarchy in northern Europe on the western side of the Scandinavian Peninsula; achieved independence from Sweden in 1905
norwegian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Norway
norwegian	n.	a Scandinavian language that is spoken in Norway
norwegian	adj.	of or relating to Norway or its people or culture or language
nose	n.	the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part of the face of man or other mammals
nose	n.	a front that resembles a human nose (especially the front of an aircraft)
nose	n.	the front or forward projection of a tool or weapon
nose	n.	a small distance
nose	n.	a symbol of inquisitiveness
nose	n.	the sense of smell (especially in animals)
nose	n.	a natural skill
nose	n.	a projecting spout from which a fluid is discharged
nose	v.	search or inquire in a meddlesome way
nose	v.	advance the forward part of with caution
nose	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
nose	v.	push or move with the nose
nose	v.	rub noses
nose	v.	defeat by a narrow margin
nosebag	n.	a canvas bag that is used to feed an animal (such as a horse); covers the muzzle and fastens at the top of the head
nosebleed	n.	bleeding from the nose
nosedive	n.	a sudden sharp drop or rapid decline
nosedive	n.	a steep nose-down descent by an aircraft
nosedive	v.	plunge nose first; drop with the nose or front first, of aircraft
nosegay	n.	an arrangement of flowers that is usually given as a present
nosh	n.	(Yiddish) a snack or light meal
nosh	v.	eat a snack; eat lightly
nosher	n.	someone who eats lightly or eats snacks between meals
nosiness	n.	offensive inquisitiveness
nostalgia	n.	longing for something past
nostalgic	adj.	unhappy about being away and longing for familiar things or persons
nostalgically	adv.	in a nostalgic manner
nostradamus	n.	French astrologer who wrote cryptic predictions whose interpretations are still being debated (1503-1566)
nostril	n.	either one of the two external openings to the nasal cavity in the nose
nostrum	n.	hypothetical remedy for all ills or diseases; once sought by the alchemists
nostrum	n.	patent medicine whose efficacy is questionable
nosy	adj.	offensively curious or inquisitive
not	adv.	negation of a word or group of words
notability	n.	a celebrity who is an inspiration to others
notable	n.	a celebrity who is an inspiration to others
notable	adj.	worthy of notice
notable	adj.	widely known and esteemed
notably	adv.	especially; in particular
notarize	v.	authenticate as a notary
notary	n.	someone legally empowered to witness signatures and certify a document's validity and to take depositions
notate	v.	put into notation, as of music or choreography
notation	n.	a technical system of symbols used to represent special things
notation	n.	a comment or instruction (usually added)
notation	n.	the activity of representing something by a special system of marks or characters
notch	n.	a V-shaped indentation
notch	n.	the location in a range of mountains of a geological formation that is lower than the surrounding peaks
notch	n.	a V-shaped or U-shaped indentation carved or scratched into a surface
notch	n.	a small cut
notch	v.	cut or make a notch into
notch	v.	notch a surface to record something
note	n.	a brief written record
note	n.	a short personal letter
note	n.	a notation representing the pitch and duration of a musical sound
note	n.	a tone of voice that shows what the speaker is feeling
note	n.	a characteristic emotional quality
note	n.	a piece of paper money (especially one issued by a central bank)
note	n.	a comment or instruction (usually added)
note	n.	high status importance owing to marked superiority
note	n.	a promise to pay a specified amount on demand or at a certain time
note	v.	make mention of
note	v.	notice or perceive
note	v.	observe with care or pay close attention to
note	v.	make a written note of
notebook	n.	a book with blank pages for recording notes or memoranda
notebook	n.	a small compact portable computer
notepad	n.	a pad of paper for keeping notes
notepaper	n.	writing paper intended for writing short notes or letters
noteworthy	adj.	worthy of notice
nothing	n.	a quantity of no importance
nothing	adv.	in no respect; to no degree
nothingness	n.	the state of nonexistence
nothingness	n.	empty rhetoric or insincere or exaggerated talk
notice	n.	an announcement containing information about an event; ; ; "a notice of sale
notice	n.	the act of noticing or paying attention
notice	n.	a request for payment
notice	n.	advance notification (usually written) of the intention to withdraw from an arrangement of contract
notice	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
notice	n.	polite or favorable attention
notice	n.	a short critical review
notice	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
notice	v.	notice or perceive
notice	v.	make or write a comment on
notice	v.	express recognition of the presence or existence of, or acquaintance with
noticeable	adj.	capable or worthy of being perceived
noticeable	adj.	capable of being detected
noticeable	adj.	undesirably noticeable
noticeable	adj.	readily noticed
noticeably	adv.	in a noticeable manner
noticed	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
noticed	v.	notice or perceive
noticed	v.	make or write a comment on
noticed	v.	express recognition of the presence or existence of, or acquaintance with
noticed	adj.	being perceived or observed
notifiable	adj.	requiring that official notification be given
notification	n.	an accusation of crime made by a grand jury on its own initiative
notification	n.	informing by words
notification	n.	a request for payment
notify	v.	inform (somebody) of something
notion	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
notion	n.	a general inclusive concept
notion	n.	an odd or fanciful or capricious idea
notion	n.	(usually plural) small personal articles or clothing or sewing items
notional	adj.	not based on fact; unreal; - F.D.Roosevelt
notional	adj.	not based on fact or investigation
notional	adj.	indulging in or influenced by fancy
notional	adj.	being of the nature of a notion or concept
notoriety	n.	the state of being known for some unfavorable act or quality
notorious	adj.	known widely and usually unfavorably
notwithstanding	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
nouakchott	n.	capital of Mauritania; located in western Mauritania near the Atlantic coast
nougat	n.	nuts or fruit pieces in a sugar paste
noun	n.	a content word that can be used to refer to a person, place, thing, quality, or action
noun	n.	the word class that can serve as the subject or object of a verb, the object of a preposition, or in apposition
nourish	v.	provide with nourishment
nourish	v.	give nourishment to
nourishment	n.	a source of materials to nourish the body
nourishment	n.	the act of nourishing
nous	n.	common sense
nous	n.	that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason
nov	n.	the month following October and preceding December
nova	n.	a star that ejects some of its material in the form of a cloud and become more luminous in the process
novae	n.	a star that ejects some of its material in the form of a cloud and become more luminous in the process
novel	n.	an extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story
novel	n.	a printed and bound book that is an extended work of fiction
novel	adj.	original and of a kind not seen before
novel	adj.	pleasantly new or different
novelette	n.	a short novel
novelist	n.	one who writes novels
novelization	n.	converting something into the form of a novel
novelize	v.	convert into the form or the style of a novel
novella	n.	a short novel
novelty	n.	originality by virtue of being refreshingly novel
novelty	n.	originality by virtue of being new and surprising
novelty	n.	a small inexpensive mass-produced article
novelty	n.	cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing
november	n.	the month following October and preceding December
novena	n.	a Roman Catholic devotion consisting of prayers on nine consecutive days
novgorod	n.	a city in northwestern Russia on the Volkhov River; Russia's oldest city and an important trading center in the Middle Ages
novice	n.	someone who has entered a religious order but has not taken final vows
novice	n.	someone new to a field or activity
novitiate	n.	the period during which you are a novice (especially in a religious order)
novitiate	n.	someone who has entered a religious order but has not taken final vows
novocain	n.	procaine administered as a hydrochloride (trade name Novocain)
novocaine	n.	procaine administered as a hydrochloride (trade name Novocain)
novosibirsk	n.	a city in the Asian part of Russia on the Ob river; largest city in Siberia
now	n.	the momentary present
now	adv.	in the historical present; at this point in the narration of a series of past events
now	adv.	in these times; - Nancy Mitford
now	adv.	used to preface a command or reproof or request
now	adv.	at the present moment
now	adv.	without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening
now	adv.	(prefatory or transitional) indicates a change of subject or activity
now	adv.	in the immediate past
nowadays	n.	the period of time that is happening now; any continuous stretch of time including the moment of speech
nowadays	adv.	in these times; - Nancy Mitford
nowhere	n.	an insignificant place
nowhere	adv.	not anywhere; in or at or to no place
nowise	adv.	in no manner
noxious	adj.	injurious to physical or mental health
noyes	n.	English poet (1880-1958)
nozzle	n.	a projecting spout from which a fluid is discharged
nozzle	n.	informal terms for the nose
np	n.	a radioactive transuranic metallic element; found in trace amounts in uranium ores; a by-product of the production of plutonium
np	n.	a registered nurse who has received special training and can perform many of the duties of a physician
nra	n.	a powerful lobby that advocates the right to own and bear arms and rejects any gun regulation by the government
nrc	n.	an independent federal agency created in 1974 to license and regulate nuclear power plants
ns	n.	a common nonmetallic element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless inert diatomic gas; constitutes 78 percent of the atmosphere by volume; a constituent of all living tissues
ns	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
ns	n.	a unit of force equal to the force that imparts an acceleration of 1 m/sec/sec to a mass of 1 kilogram; equal to 100,000 dynes
ns	n.	(of a solution) concentration expressed in gram equivalents of solute per liter
ns	n.	the 14th letter of the Roman alphabet
nsa	n.	the United States cryptologic organization that coordinates and directs highly specialized activities to protect United States information systems and to produce foreign intelligence information
nsc	n.	a committee in the executive branch of government that advises the president on foreign and military and national security; supervises the Central Intelligence Agency
nsf	n.	an independent agency of the federal government responsible for the promotion of progress in science and engineering by supporting programs in research and education
nt	n.	an organization concerned to preserve historic monuments and buildings and places of historical interest or natural beauty; founded in 1895 and supported by endowment and private subscription
nu	n.	the 13th letter of the Greek alphabet
nuance	n.	a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude
nub	n.	a small lump or protuberance
nub	n.	a small piece
nub	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
nubbin	n.	a small nub (especially an undeveloped fruit or ear of corn)
nubby	adj.	of textiles; having a rough surface
nubia	n.	an ancient region of northeastern Africa (southern Egypt and northern Sudan) on the Nile; much of Nubia is now under Lake Nasser
nubian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Nubia
nubile	adj.	of girls or women who are eligible to marry
nuclear	adj.	(weapons) deriving destructive energy from the release of atomic energy
nuclear	adj.	of or relating to or constituting the nucleus of an atom
nuclear	adj.	of or relating to or constituting the nucleus of a cell
nuclear	adj.	constituting or like a nucleus
nucleate	v.	form into a nucleus
nucleate	adj.	having a nucleus or occurring in the nucleus
nuclei	n.	a part of the cell containing DNA and RNA and responsible for growth and reproduction
nuclei	n.	the positively charged dense center of an atom
nuclei	n.	a small group of indispensable persons or things
nuclei	n.	(astronomy) the center of the head of a comet; consists of small solid particles of ice and frozen gas that vaporizes on approaching the sun to form the coma and tail
nuclei	n.	any histologically identifiable mass of neural cell bodies in the brain or spinal cord
nuclei	n.	the central structure of the lens that is surrounded by the cortex
nucleoli	n.	a small round body of protein in a cell nucleus; such organelles contain RNA and are involved in protein synthesis
nucleolus	n.	a small round body of protein in a cell nucleus; such organelles contain RNA and are involved in protein synthesis
nucleon	n.	a constituent (proton or neutron) of an atomic nucleus
nucleoside	n.	a glycoside formed by partial hydrolysis of a nucleic acid
nucleotide	n.	a phosphoric ester of a nucleoside; the basic structural unit of nucleic acids (DNA or RNA)
nucleus	n.	a part of the cell containing DNA and RNA and responsible for growth and reproduction
nucleus	n.	the positively charged dense center of an atom
nucleus	n.	a small group of indispensable persons or things
nucleus	n.	(astronomy) the center of the head of a comet; consists of small solid particles of ice and frozen gas that vaporizes on approaching the sun to form the coma and tail
nucleus	n.	any histologically identifiable mass of neural cell bodies in the brain or spinal cord
nucleus	n.	the central structure of the lens that is surrounded by the cortex
nude	n.	a painting of a naked human figure
nude	n.	without clothing (especially in the phrase `in the nude')
nude	n.	a naked person
nude	n.	a statue of a naked human figure
nude	adj.	completely unclothed
nudge	n.	a slight push or shake
nudge	v.	to push against gently
nudge	v.	push into action by pestering or annoying gently
nudism	n.	going without clothes as a social practice
nudist	n.	a person who practices nudity for reasons of health or religion
nudity	n.	the state of being without clothing or covering of any kind
nugatory	adj.	of no real value
nugget	n.	a solid lump of a precious metal (especially gold) as found in the earth
nuisance	n.	(law) a broad legal concept including anything that disturbs the reasonable use of your property or endangers life and health or is offensive
nuisance	n.	a bothersome annoying person
nuke	n.	the warhead of a missile designed to deliver an atom bomb
nuke	v.	strike at with firepower or bombs
nuke	v.	bomb with atomic weapons
nuke	v.	cook or heat in a microwave oven
null	n.	a quantity of no importance
null	adj.	lacking any legal or binding force
nullification	n.	the states'-rights doctrine that a state can refuse to recognize or to enforce a federal law passed by the United States Congress
nullification	n.	the act of nullifying; making null and void; counteracting or overriding the effect or force of something
nullify	v.	declare invalid
nullify	v.	show to be invalid
nullify	v.	make ineffective by counterbalancing the effect of
nullity	n.	the state of nonexistence
nullity	n.	something that is null (especially an enactment that has no legal validity)
numb	v.	make numb or insensitive
numb	adj.	lacking sensation
numb	adj.	(followed by `to') not showing human feeling or sensitivity; unresponsive
numb	adj.	so frightened as to be unable to move; stunned or paralyzed with terror; petrified
number	n.	the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals
number	n.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units
number	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
number	n.	the number is used in calling a particular telephone
number	n.	a symbol used to represent a number
number	n.	one of a series published periodically
number	n.	a select company of people
number	n.	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification
number	n.	a clothing measurement
number	n.	the grammatical category for the forms of nouns and pronouns and verbs that are used depending on the number of entities involved (singular or dual or plural)
number	n.	an item of merchandise offered for sale
number	v.	add up in number or quantity
number	v.	give numbers to
number	v.	enumerate
number	v.	put into a group
number	v.	determine the number or amount of
number	v.	place a limit on the number of
numbered	v.	add up in number or quantity
numbered	v.	give numbers to
numbered	v.	enumerate
numbered	v.	put into a group
numbered	v.	determine the number or amount of
numbered	v.	place a limit on the number of
numberless	adj.	too numerous to be counted
numbers	n.	the fourth book of the Old Testament; contains a record of the number of Israelites who followed Moses out of Egypt
numbers	n.	an illegal daily lottery
numbers	n.	the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals
numbers	n.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units
numbers	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
numbers	n.	the number is used in calling a particular telephone
numbers	n.	a symbol used to represent a number
numbers	n.	one of a series published periodically
numbers	n.	a select company of people
numbers	n.	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification
numbers	n.	a clothing measurement
numbers	n.	the grammatical category for the forms of nouns and pronouns and verbs that are used depending on the number of entities involved (singular or dual or plural)
numbers	n.	an item of merchandise offered for sale
numbers	v.	add up in number or quantity
numbers	v.	give numbers to
numbers	v.	enumerate
numbers	v.	put into a group
numbers	v.	determine the number or amount of
numbers	v.	place a limit on the number of
numbness	n.	partial or total lack of sensation in a part of the body; a symptom of nerve damage or dysfunction
numbness	n.	the trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally
numerable	adj.	that can be counted
numeracy	n.	skill with numbers and mathematics
numeral	n.	a symbol used to represent a number
numeral	adj.	of or relating to or denoting numbers
numerate	v.	determine the number or amount of
numerate	v.	read out loud as words written numbers
numerate	adj.	able to understand and use numbers
numeration	n.	naming numbers
numeration	n.	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order
numerator	n.	the dividend of a fraction
numeric	adj.	of or relating to or denoting numbers
numeric	adj.	measured or expressed in numbers
numerical	adj.	measured or expressed in numbers
numerical	adj.	of or relating to or denoting numbers
numerical	adj.	relating to or having ability to think in or work with numbers
numerologist	n.	a believer in numerology
numerology	n.	the study of the supposed occult influence of numbers on human affairs
numerous	adj.	amounting to a large indefinite number
numinous	adj.	evincing the presence of a deity
numinous	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a numen
numismatics	n.	the collection and study of money (and coins in particular)
numismatist	n.	a collector and student of money (and coins in particular)
numskull	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
nun	n.	a woman religious
nun	n.	a buoy resembling a cone
nun	n.	the 14th letter of the Hebrew alphabet
nunavut	n.	an Arctic territory in northern Canada created in 1999 and governed solely by the Inuit; includes the eastern part of what was the Northwest Territories and most of the islands of the Arctic Archipelago
nuncio	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a diplomatic representative of the Pope having ambassadorial status
nunnery	n.	the convent of a community of nuns
nuptial	adj.	of or relating to a wedding
nuremberg	n.	a city in southeastern Germany; site of Allied trials of Nazi war criminals (1945-46)
nureyev	n.	Russian dancer who was often the partner of Dame Margot Fonteyn and who defected to the United States in 1961 (born in 1938)
nurse	n.	one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the supervision of a physician)
nurse	n.	a woman who is the custodian of children
nurse	v.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury
nurse	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
nurse	v.	serve as a nurse; care for sick or handicapped people
nurse	v.	treat carefully
nurse	v.	give suck to
nurselings	n.	an infant considered in relation to its nurse
nursemaid	n.	a woman who is the custodian of children
nurser	n.	a person who treats something carefully
nursery	n.	a child's room for a baby
nursery	n.	a building with glass walls and roof; for the cultivation and exhibition of plants under controlled conditions
nurseryman	n.	someone who takes care of a garden
nurserymen	n.	someone who takes care of a garden
nursing	n.	the work of caring for the sick or injured or infirm
nursing	n.	the profession of a nurse
nursing	n.	nourishing at the breast
nursing	v.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury
nursing	v.	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)
nursing	v.	serve as a nurse; care for sick or handicapped people
nursing	v.	treat carefully
nursing	v.	give suck to
nursling	n.	an infant considered in relation to its nurse
nurture	n.	the properties acquired as a consequence of the way you were treated as a child
nurture	n.	helping someone grow up to be an accepted member of the community
nurture	v.	help develop, help grow
nurture	v.	bring up
nurture	v.	provide with nourishment
nut	n.	usually large hard-shelled seed
nut	n.	Egyptian goddess of the sky
nut	n.	a small (usually square or hexagonal) metal block with internal screw thread to be fitted onto a bolt
nut	n.	half the width of an em
nut	n.	a whimsically eccentric person
nut	n.	someone who is so ardently devoted to something that it resembles an addiction
nut	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
nut	v.	gather nuts
nutcase	n.	someone deranged and possibly dangerous
nutcracker	n.	a compound lever used to crack nuts open
nutcracker	n.	any of various small short-tailed songbirds with strong feet and a sharp beak that feed on small nuts and insects
nutcracker	n.	speckled birds that feed on nuts
nuthatch	n.	any of various small short-tailed songbirds with strong feet and a sharp beak that feed on small nuts and insects
nuthouse	n.	pejorative terms for an insane asylum
nutmeg	n.	East Indian tree widely cultivated in the tropics for its aromatic seed; source of two spices: nutmeg and mace
nutmeg	n.	hard aromatic seed of the nutmeg tree used as spice when grated or ground
nutria	n.	aquatic South American rodent resembling a small beaver; bred for its fur
nutrient	n.	any substance that can be metabolized by an animal to give energy and build tissue
nutrient	n.	any substance (such as a chemical element or inorganic compound) that can be taken in by a green plant and used in organic synthesis
nutrient	adj.	of or providing nourishment
nutriment	n.	a source of materials to nourish the body
nutrition	n.	(physiology) the organic process of nourishing or being nourished; the processes by which an organism assimilates food and uses it for growth and maintenance
nutrition	n.	a source of materials to nourish the body
nutrition	n.	the scientific study of food and drink (especially in humans)
nutritional	adj.	of or relating to or providing nutrition
nutritionist	n.	a specialist in the study of nutrition
nutritious	adj.	of or providing nourishment
nutritiousness	n.	the quality of being nourishing and promoting healthy growth
nutritive	adj.	of or providing nourishment
nutshell	n.	the shell around the kernel of a nut
nutted	v.	gather nuts
nutter	n.	a person who is regarded as eccentric or mad
nutting	v.	gather nuts
nutty	adj.	having the flavor of nuts
nutty	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
nuzzle	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
nuzzle	v.	rub noses
nuzzle	v.	dig out with the snout
nv	n.	a state in the southwestern United States
nw	n.	the compass point midway between north and west; at 315 degrees
ny	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
nybble	n.	a small byte
nylon	n.	a thermoplastic polyamide; a family of strong resilient synthetic fibers
nylon	n.	a synthetic fabric
nylons	n.	women's stockings made from a sheer material (nylon or rayon or silk)
nylons	n.	a thermoplastic polyamide; a family of strong resilient synthetic fibers
nylons	n.	a synthetic fabric
nymph	n.	(classical mythology) a minor nature goddess usually depicted as a beautiful maiden
nymph	n.	a larva of an insect with incomplete metamorphosis (as the dragonfly or mayfly)
nymph	n.	a voluptuously beautiful young woman
nymphet	n.	a sexually attractive young woman
nympho	n.	a woman with abnormal sexual desires
nymphomania	n.	abnormally intense sexual desire in women
nymphomaniac	n.	a woman with abnormal sexual desires
nymphomaniac	adj.	(used of women) affected with excessive sexual desire
nymphs	n.	(classical mythology) a minor nature goddess usually depicted as a beautiful maiden
nymphs	n.	a larva of an insect with incomplete metamorphosis (as the dragonfly or mayfly)
nymphs	n.	a voluptuously beautiful young woman
nyse	n.	a stock exchange in New York
o	n.	a nonmetallic bivalent element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless nonflammable diatomic gas; constitutes 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume; the most abundant element in the earth's crust
o	n.	the 15th letter of the Roman alphabet
o	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry neither the A nor B antigens
o'brien	n.	Irish writer (born in 1932)
o'casey	n.	Irish playwright (1880-1964)
o'clock	adv.	according to the clock
o'connor	n.	United States writer (1925-1964)
o'er	adv.	throughout a period of time
o'hara	n.	United States writer (1905-1970)
o'keeffe	n.	United States painter (1887-1986)
o'neill	n.	United States playwright (1888-1953)
o'toole	n.	British actor (born in Ireland in 1932)
oaf	n.	an awkward stupid person
oafish	adj.	ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance
oahu	n.	an island of central Hawaii (between Molokai and Kauai); the chief island of the state
oak	n.	the hard durable wood of any oak; used especially for furniture and flooring
oak	n.	a deciduous tree of the genus Quercus; has acorns and lobed leaves
oakland	n.	a city in western California on San Francisco Bay opposite San Francisco; primarily and industrial urban center
oakley	n.	United States sharpshooter who was featured in Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show (1860-1926)
oakum	n.	loose hemp or jute fiber obtained by unravelling old ropes; when impregnated with tar it was used to caulk seams and pack joints in wooden ships
oar	n.	an implement used to propel or steer a boat
oarlock	n.	a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing
oarsman	n.	someone who rows a boat
oarsmen	n.	someone who rows a boat
oarswoman	n.	a woman oarsman
oarswomen	n.	a woman oarsman
oas	n.	an association including most countries in the western hemisphere; created in 1948 to promote military and economic and social and cultural cooperation
oases	n.	a fertile tract in a desert (where the water table approaches the surface)
oases	n.	a shelter serving as a place of safety or sanctuary
oasis	n.	a fertile tract in a desert (where the water table approaches the surface)
oasis	n.	a shelter serving as a place of safety or sanctuary
oat	n.	annual grass of Europe and North Africa; grains used as food and fodder (referred to primarily in the plural: `oats')
oat	n.	seed of the annual grass Avena sativa (spoken of primarily in the plural as `oats')
oatcake	n.	thin flat unleavened cake of baked oatmeal
oates	n.	English conspirator who claimed that there was a Jesuit plot to assassinate Charles II (1649-1705)
oates	n.	United States writer (born in 1938)
oath	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
oath	n.	a commitment to tell the truth (especially in a court of law); to lie under oath is to become subject to prosecution for perjury
oath	n.	a solemn promise, usually invoking a divine witness, regarding your future acts or behavior
oaths	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
oaths	n.	a commitment to tell the truth (especially in a court of law); to lie under oath is to become subject to prosecution for perjury
oaths	n.	a solemn promise, usually invoking a divine witness, regarding your future acts or behavior
oatmeal	n.	porridge made of rolled oats
oatmeal	n.	meal made from rolled or ground oats
oats	n.	annual grass of Europe and North Africa; grains used as food and fodder (referred to primarily in the plural: `oats')
oats	n.	seed of the annual grass Avena sativa (spoken of primarily in the plural as `oats')
oaxaca	n.	a city of southeastern Mexico
ob	n.	a major river of western Siberia; flows generally northward and westward to the Gulf of Ob and the Kara Sea
ob	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with childbirth and care of the mother
obadiah	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet
obadiah	n.	an Old Testament book telling Obadiah's prophecies; the shortest book in the Christian Bible
obbligato	n.	a persistent but subordinate motif
obbligato	n.	a part of the score that must be performed without change or omission
obduracy	n.	resoluteness by virtue of being unyielding and inflexible
obdurate	adj.	stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
obdurate	adj.	showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings
obedience	n.	the act of obeying; dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to another person
obedience	n.	the trait of being willing to obey
obedience	n.	behavior intended to please your parents
obedient	adj.	dutifully complying with the commands or instructions of those in authority; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke
obeisance	n.	bending the head or body or knee as a sign of reverence or submission or shame or greeting
obeisance	n.	the act of obeying; dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to another person
obelisk	n.	a stone pillar having a rectangular cross section tapering towards a pyramidal top
obelisk	n.	a character used in printing to indicate a cross reference or footnote
obese	adj.	excessively fat
obesity	n.	more than average fatness
obey	v.	be obedient to
obfuscate	v.	make obscure or unclear
obfuscation	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
obfuscation	n.	the activity of obscuring people's understanding, leaving them baffled or bewildered
obfuscation	n.	darkening or obscuring the sight of something
obi	n.	(West Indies) followers of a religious system involving witchcraft and sorcery
obi	n.	a religious belief of African origin involving witchcraft and sorcery; practiced in parts of the West Indies and tropical Americas
obit	n.	a notice of someone's death; usually includes a short biography
obituary	n.	a notice of someone's death; usually includes a short biography
object	n.	a tangible and visible entity; an entity that can cast a shadow
object	n.	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
object	n.	(grammar) a constituent that is acted upon
object	n.	the focus of cognitions or feelings
object	n.	(computing) a discrete item that provides a description of virtually anything known to a computer
object	v.	express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent
object	v.	be averse to or express disapproval of
objectify	v.	make external or objective, or give reality to
objectify	v.	make impersonal or present as an object
objection	n.	the act of expressing earnest opposition or protest
objection	n.	the speech act of objecting
objection	n.	the act of protesting; a public (often organized) manifestation of dissent
objection	n.	(law) a procedure whereby a party to a suit says that a particular line of questioning or a particular witness or a piece of evidence or other matter is improper and should not be continued and asks the court to rule on its impropriety or illegality
objectionable	adj.	causing disapproval or protest
objectionable	adj.	liable to objection or debate; used of something one might take exception to
objectionably	adv.	in an obnoxious manner
objective	n.	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
objective	n.	the lens or system of lenses in a telescope or microscope that is nearest the object being viewed
objective	adj.	undistorted by emotion or personal bias; based on observable phenomena
objective	adj.	serving as or indicating the object of a verb or of certain prepositions and used for certain other purposes
objective	adj.	emphasizing or expressing things as perceived without distortion of personal feelings, insertion of fictional matter, or interpretation
objective	adj.	belonging to immediate experience of actual things or events
objectiveness	n.	judgment based on observable phenomena and uninfluenced by emotions or personal prejudices
objectivity	n.	judgment based on observable phenomena and uninfluenced by emotions or personal prejudices
objector	n.	a person who dissents from some established policy
objurgate	v.	express strong disapproval of
objurgate	v.	censure severely
objurgation	n.	rebuking a person harshly
oblate	n.	a lay person dedicated to religious work or the religious life
oblate	adj.	having the equatorial diameter greater than the polar diameter; being flattened at the poles
oblation	n.	the act of contributing to the funds of a church or charity
oblation	n.	the act of offering the bread and wine of the Eucharist
obligate	v.	force somebody to do something
obligate	v.	commit in order to fulfill an obligation
obligate	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
obligate	adj.	restricted to a particular condition of life
obligation	n.	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force; ; - John D.Rockefeller Jr
obligation	n.	the state of being obligated to do or pay something
obligation	n.	a personal relation in which one is indebted for a service or favor
obligation	n.	a written promise to repay a debt
obligation	n.	a legal agreement specifying a payment or action and the penalty for failure to comply
obligatorily	adv.	in an obligatory manner
obligatorily	adv.	in a manner that cannot be evaded
obligatory	adj.	morally or legally constraining or binding
obligatory	adj.	required by obligation or compulsion or convention
oblige	v.	force somebody to do something
oblige	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
oblige	v.	provide a service or favor for someone
obliging	v.	force somebody to do something
obliging	v.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted
obliging	v.	provide a service or favor for someone
obliging	adj.	showing a cheerful willingness to do favors for others
oblique	n.	any grammatical case other than the nominative
oblique	n.	a diagonally arranged abdominal muscle on either side of the torso
oblique	adj.	slanting or inclined in direction or course or position--neither parallel nor perpendicular nor right-angled
oblique	adj.	indirect in departing from the accepted or proper way; misleading
obliqueness	n.	the property of being neither parallel nor perpendicular, but at a slanting angle
obliqueness	n.	the quality of being oblique and rambling indirectly
obliquity	n.	the presentation during labor of the head of the fetus at an abnormal angle
obliquity	n.	the quality of being deceptive
obliterate	v.	mark for deletion, rub off, or erase
obliterate	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
obliterate	v.	remove completely from recognition or memory
obliterate	v.	do away with completely, without leaving a trace
obliterate	adj.	reduced to nothingness
obliteration	n.	destruction by annihilating something
obliteration	n.	the complete destruction of every trace of something
oblivion	n.	the state of being disregarded or forgotten
oblivion	n.	total forgetfulness
oblivious	adj.	(followed by `to' or `of') lacking conscious awareness of
oblivious	adj.	failing to keep in mind
obliviousness	n.	total forgetfulness
oblong	n.	a plane figure that deviates from a square or circle due to elongation
oblong	adj.	(of a leaf shape) having a somewhat elongated form with approximately parallel sides
oblong	adj.	deviating from a square or circle or sphere by being elongated in one direction
obloquy	n.	state of disgrace resulting from public abuse
obloquy	n.	a false accusation of an offense or a malicious misrepresentation of someone's words or actions
obnoxious	adj.	causing disapproval or protest
obnoxiousness	n.	the quality of being hateful
oboe	n.	a slender double-reed instrument; a woodwind with a conical bore and a double-reed mouthpiece
oboist	n.	a musician who plays the oboe
obscene	adj.	designed to incite to indecency or lust; -Margaret Mead
obscene	adj.	offensive to the mind
obscene	adj.	suggestive of or tending to moral looseness
obscenity	n.	the trait of behaving in an obscene manner
obscenity	n.	an offensive or indecent word or phrase
obscenity	n.	an obscene act
obscurantism	n.	a policy of opposition to enlightenment or the spread of knowledge
obscurantism	n.	a deliberate act intended to make something obscure
obscurantist	n.	a person who is deliberately vague
obscure	v.	make less visible or unclear
obscure	v.	make unclear, indistinct, or blurred
obscure	v.	make obscure or unclear
obscure	v.	reduce a vowel to a neutral one, such as a schwa
obscure	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
obscure	adj.	not clearly understood or expressed; ; -Anatole Broyard; - P.A.Sorokin; - John Locke
obscure	adj.	marked by difficulty of style or expression
obscure	adj.	difficult to find
obscure	adj.	not famous or acclaimed
obscure	adj.	not drawing attention
obscure	adj.	remote and separate physically or socially; ; - W.H.Hudson
obscurity	n.	the quality of being unclear or abstruse and hard to understand
obscurity	n.	an obscure and unimportant standing; not well known
obscurity	n.	the state of being indistinct or indefinite for lack of adequate illumination
obsequious	adj.	attempting to win favor from influential people by flattery
obsequious	adj.	attentive in an ingratiating or servile manner
obsequiousness	n.	abject or cringing submissiveness
observably	adv.	in a noticeable manner
observance	n.	the act of observing; taking a patient look
observance	n.	a formal event performed on a special occasion
observance	n.	the act of noticing or paying attention
observance	n.	conformity with law or custom or practice etc.
observant	adj.	paying close attention especially to details
observant	adj.	quick to notice; showing quick and keen perception
observant	adj.	(of individuals) adhering strictly to laws and rules and customs
observation	n.	the act of making and recording a measurement
observation	n.	the act of observing; taking a patient look
observation	n.	a remark expressing careful consideration
observation	n.	facts learned by observing
observation	n.	the act of noticing or paying attention
observational	adj.	relying on observation or experiment
observatory	n.	a building designed and equipped to observe astronomical phenomena
observatory	n.	a structure commanding a wide view of its surroundings
observe	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
observe	v.	make mention of
observe	v.	observe with care or pay close attention to
observe	v.	watch attentively
observe	v.	show respect towards
observe	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
observe	v.	follow with the eyes or the mind
observe	v.	stick to correctly or closely
observe	v.	conform one's action or practice to
observed	v.	discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact of
observed	v.	make mention of
observed	v.	observe with care or pay close attention to
observed	v.	watch attentively
observed	v.	show respect towards
observed	v.	behave as expected during of holidays or rites
observed	v.	follow with the eyes or the mind
observed	v.	stick to correctly or closely
observed	v.	conform one's action or practice to
observed	adj.	discovered or determined by scientific observation
observer	n.	a person who becomes aware (of things or events) through the senses
observer	n.	an expert who observes and comments on something
obsess	v.	haunt like a ghost; pursue
obsess	v.	be preoccupied with something
obsession	n.	an irrational motive for performing trivial or repetitive actions, even against your will
obsession	n.	an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone
obsessional	adj.	characterized by or constituting an obsession
obsessive	n.	a person who has obsessions
obsessive	adj.	characterized by or constituting an obsession
obsessiveness	n.	extreme compulsiveness
obsidian	n.	acid or granitic glass formed by the rapid cooling of lava without crystallization; usually dark, but transparent in thin pieces
obsolesce	v.	become obsolete, fall into disuse
obsolescence	n.	the process of becoming obsolete; falling into disuse or becoming out of date
obsolescent	adj.	becoming obsolete
obsolete	adj.	no longer in use
obstacle	n.	something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted
obstacle	n.	an obstruction that stands in the way (and must be removed or surmounted or circumvented)
obstetric	adj.	of or relating to or used in or practicing obstetrics
obstetrical	adj.	of or relating to or used in or practicing obstetrics
obstetrician	n.	a physician specializing in obstetrics
obstetrics	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with childbirth and care of the mother
obstinacy	n.	the trait of being difficult to handle or overcome
obstinacy	n.	resolute adherence to your own ideas or desires
obstinate	v.	persist stubbornly
obstinate	adj.	tenaciously unwilling or marked by tenacious unwillingness to yield
obstinate	adj.	stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
obstinate	adj.	resistant to guidance or discipline
obstreperous	adj.	noisily and stubbornly defiant
obstreperous	adj.	boisterously and noisily aggressive
obstreperousness	n.	noisy defiance
obstruct	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
obstruct	v.	block passage through
obstruct	v.	shut out from view or get in the way so as to hide from sight
obstructed	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
obstructed	v.	block passage through
obstructed	v.	shut out from view or get in the way so as to hide from sight
obstructed	adj.	shut off to passage or view or hindered from action
obstruction	n.	any structure that makes progress difficult
obstruction	n.	the physical condition of blocking or filling a passage with an obstruction
obstruction	n.	something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted
obstruction	n.	the act of obstructing
obstruction	n.	getting in someone's way
obstructionism	n.	deliberate interference
obstructionist	n.	someone who systematically obstructs some action that others want to take
obstructive	adj.	preventing movement
obtain	v.	come into possession of
obtain	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
obtain	v.	be valid, applicable, or true
obtainable	adj.	capable of being obtained
obtainment	n.	the act of obtaining
obtrude	v.	push to thrust outward
obtrude	v.	thrust oneself in as if by force
obtrusive	adj.	undesirably noticeable
obtrusive	adj.	sticking out; protruding
obtrusiveness	n.	an unwelcome conspicuousness
obtuse	adj.	of an angle; between 90 and 180 degrees
obtuse	adj.	(of a leaf shape) rounded at the apex
obtuse	adj.	lacking in insight or discernment; ; - Jasper Griffin
obtuse	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
obtuseness	n.	the quality of being slow to understand
obtuseness	n.	the quality of lacking a sharp edge or point
obverse	n.	the more conspicuous of two alternatives or cases or sides
obverse	n.	the side of a coin or medal bearing the principal stamp or design
obviate	v.	do away with
obviate	v.	prevent the occurrence of; prevent from happening
obviation	n.	the act of preventing something by anticipating and disposing of it effectively
obvious	adj.	easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind
obviousness	n.	the property of being easy to see and understand
ocarina	n.	egg-shaped terra cotta wind instrument with a mouthpiece and finger holes
occam	n.	English scholastic philosopher and assumed author of Occam's Razor (1285-1349)
occasion	n.	an event that occurs at a critical time
occasion	n.	a vaguely specified social event
occasion	n.	reason
occasion	n.	the time of a particular event
occasion	n.	an opportunity to do something
occasion	v.	give occasion to
occasional	adj.	occurring from time to time
occasional	adj.	occurring or appearing at usually irregular intervals
occasional	adj.	recurring or reappearing from time to time
occident	n.	the countries of (originally) Europe and (now including) North America and South America
occident	n.	the hemisphere that includes North America and South America
occidental	n.	a native inhabitant of the Occident
occidental	n.	an artificial language
occidental	adj.	denoting or characteristic of countries of Europe and the western hemisphere
occlude	v.	block passage through
occlusion	n.	closure or blockage (as of a blood vessel)
occlusion	n.	(meteorology) a composite front when colder air surrounds a mass of warm air and forces it aloft
occlusion	n.	(dentistry) the normal spatial relation of the teeth when the jaws are closed
occlusion	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
occlusion	n.	the act of blocking
occlusive	n.	a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it
occlusive	adj.	tending to occlude
occult	n.	supernatural forces and events and beings collectively
occult	n.	supernatural practices and techniques
occult	v.	cause an eclipse of (a celestial body) by intervention
occult	v.	become concealed or hidden from view or have its light extinguished
occult	v.	hide from view
occult	adj.	hidden and difficult to see
occult	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
occultism	n.	the study of the supernatural
occultism	n.	a belief in supernatural powers and the possibility of bringing them under human control
occultist	n.	a believer in occultism; someone versed in the occult arts
occupancy	n.	an act of being a tenant or occupant
occupancy	n.	the act of occupying or taking possession of a building
occupant	n.	someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born there
occupation	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
occupation	n.	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power
occupation	n.	any activity that occupies a person's attention
occupation	n.	the act of occupying or taking possession of a building
occupation	n.	the period of time during which a place or position or nation is occupied
occupational	adj.	of or relating to the activity or business for which you are trained
occupations	n.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money
occupations	n.	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power
occupations	n.	any activity that occupies a person's attention
occupations	n.	the act of occupying or taking possession of a building
occupations	n.	the period of time during which a place or position or nation is occupied
occupied	v.	keep busy with
occupied	v.	live (in a certain place)
occupied	v.	occupy the whole of
occupied	v.	be on the mind of
occupied	v.	march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purposes of conquest and occupation
occupied	v.	require (time or space)
occupied	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
occupied	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
occupied	adj.	held or filled or in use
occupied	adj.	seized and controlled as by military invasion
occupied	adj.	resided in; having tenants
occupied	adj.	having ones attention or mind or energy engaged
occupier	n.	someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born there
occupier	n.	a member of a military force who is residing in a conquered foreign country
occupy	v.	keep busy with
occupy	v.	live (in a certain place)
occupy	v.	occupy the whole of
occupy	v.	be on the mind of
occupy	v.	march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purposes of conquest and occupation
occupy	v.	require (time or space)
occupy	v.	consume all of one's attention or time
occupy	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
occur	v.	come to pass
occur	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
occur	v.	to be found to exist
occurred	v.	come to pass
occurred	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
occurred	v.	to be found to exist
occurrence	n.	an event that happens
occurrence	n.	an instance of something occurring
occurring	v.	come to pass
occurring	v.	come to one's mind; suggest itself
occurring	v.	to be found to exist
ocean	n.	a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere
ocean	n.	anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume
oceanfront	n.	land bordering an ocean
oceangoing	adj.	used on the high seas
oceania	n.	a large group of islands in the south Pacific including Melanesia and Micronesia and Polynesia (and sometimes Australasia and the Malay Archipelago)
oceanic	n.	an eastern subfamily of Malayo-Polynesian languages
oceanic	adj.	relating to or occurring or living in or frequenting the open ocean
oceanic	adj.	resembling the ocean in apparent limitlessness in extent or degree
oceanic	adj.	constituting or living in the open sea
oceanographer	n.	a scientist who studies physical and biological aspects of the seas
oceanography	n.	the branch of science dealing with physical and biological aspects of the oceans
oceanology	n.	the branch of science dealing with physical and biological aspects of the oceans
oceanus	n.	(Greek mythology) god of the stream that flowed around the earth in ancient mythology
ocelot	n.	nocturnal wildcat of Central America and South America having a dark-spotted buff-brown coat
ocher	n.	a moderate yellow-orange to orange color
ocher	n.	any of various earths containing silica and alumina and ferric oxide; used as a pigment
ocher	adj.	of a moderate orange-yellow color
ochoa	n.	United States biochemist (born in Spain) who studied the biological synthesis of nucleic acids (1905-1993)
oct	n.	the month following September and preceding November
octagon	n.	an eight-sided polygon
octagonal	adj.	of or relating to or shaped like an octagon
octal	adj.	of or pertaining to a number system having 8 as its base
octane	n.	any isomeric saturated hydrocarbon found in petroleum and used as a fuel and solvent
octave	n.	a feast day and the seven days following it
octave	n.	a musical interval of eight tones
octave	n.	a rhythmic group of eight lines of verse
octavian	n.	Roman statesman who established the Roman Empire and became emperor in 27 BC; defeated Mark Antony and Cleopatra in 31 BC at Actium (63 BC - AD 14)
octavo	n.	the size of a book whose pages are made by folding a sheet of paper three times to form eight leaves
octet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of seven and one
octet	n.	eight performers or singers who perform together
octet	n.	a set of eight similar things considered as a unit
octet	n.	eight people considered as a unit
octet	n.	a musical composition written for eight performers
october	n.	the month following September and preceding November
octogenarian	n.	someone whose age is in the eighties
octogenarian	adj.	being from 80 to 89 years old
octopus	n.	tentacles of octopus prepared as food
octopus	n.	bottom-living cephalopod having a soft oval body with eight long tentacles
ocular	n.	combination of lenses at the viewing end of optical instruments
ocular	adj.	of or relating to or resembling the eye
ocular	adj.	relating to or using sight
ocular	adj.	visible; - Shakespeare
oculist	n.	a person skilled in testing for defects of vision in order to prescribe corrective glasses
oculist	n.	a medical doctor specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the eye
oculomotor	n.	supplies extrinsic muscles of the eye
od	n.	a doctor's degree in optometry
od	n.	the right eye
odalisque	n.	a woman slave in a harem
odd	adj.	not divisible by two
odd	adj.	not easily explained
odd	adj.	an indefinite quantity more than that specified
odd	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
odd	adj.	of the remaining member of a pair, of socks e.g.
odd	adj.	not used up
oddball	n.	a person with an unusual or odd personality
oddity	n.	eccentricity that is not easily explained
oddity	n.	a strange attitude or habit
oddity	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
oddment	n.	a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold
oddment	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
oddness	n.	the parity of odd numbers (not divisible by two)
oddness	n.	eccentricity that is not easily explained
odds	n.	the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring
odds	n.	the ratio by which one better's wager is greater than that of another
ode	n.	a lyric poem with complex stanza forms
oder	n.	a European river; flows into the Baltic Sea
odessa	n.	a port city of south central Ukraine on an arm of the Black Sea
odessa	n.	a city in western Texas
odets	n.	United States playwright (1906-1963)
odin	n.	(Norse mythology) ruler of the Aesir; supreme god of war and poetry and knowledge and wisdom (for which he gave an eye) and husband of Frigg; identified with the Teutonic Wotan
odious	adj.	unequivocally detestable; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke
odiousness	n.	the quality of being offensive
odium	n.	state of disgrace resulting from detestable behavior
odium	n.	hate coupled with disgust
odometer	n.	a meter that shows mileage traversed
odor	n.	any property detected by the olfactory system
odor	n.	the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form
odoriferous	adj.	morally offensive
odoriferous	adj.	emitting an odor
odoriferous	adj.	having a natural fragrance
odorless	adj.	having no odor
odorous	adj.	having odor or a characteristic odor
odorous	adj.	emitting an odor
odorous	adj.	having a natural fragrance
odysseus	n.	(Greek mythology) a famous mythical Greek hero; his return to Ithaca after the siege of Troy was described in the Odyssey
odyssey	n.	a long wandering and eventful journey
odyssey	n.	a Greek epic poem (attributed to Homer) describing the journey of Odysseus after the fall of Troy
oed	n.	an unabridged dictionary constructed on historical principles
oedipus	n.	(Greek mythology) a tragic king of Thebes who unknowingly killed his father Laius and married his mother Jocasta; the subject of the drama `Oedipus Rex' by Sophocles
oenology	n.	the art of wine making
oenophile	n.	someone who appreciates wine
oersted	n.	the magnetic field strength 1 cm from a unit magnetic pole
oersted	n.	Danish physicist (1777-1851)
oeuvre	n.	the total output of a writer or artist (or a substantial part of it)
off	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
off	adj.	not in operation or operational
off	adj.	below a satisfactory level
off	adj.	(of events) no longer planned or scheduled
off	adj.	in an unpalatable state
off	adj.	not performing or scheduled for duties
off	adv.	from a particular thing or place or position (`forth' is obsolete)
off	adv.	at a distance in space or time
off	adv.	no longer on or in contact or attached
offal	n.	viscera and trimmings of a butchered animal often considered inedible by humans
offbeat	n.	an unaccented beat (especially the last beat of a measure)
offbeat	adj.	informal terms; strikingly unconventional
offenbach	n.	French composer of many operettas and an opera (1819-1880)
offend	v.	cause to feel resentment or indignation
offend	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
offend	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
offend	v.	hurt the feelings of
offender	n.	a person who transgresses moral or civil law
offense	n.	a lack of politeness; a failure to show regard for others; wounding the feelings or others
offense	n.	a feeling of anger caused by being offended
offense	n.	(criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act
offense	n.	the team that has the ball (or puck) and is trying to score
offense	n.	the action of attacking an enemy
offensive	n.	the action of attacking an enemy
offensive	adj.	violating or tending to violate or offend against
offensive	adj.	for the purpose of attack rather than defense
offensive	adj.	causing anger or annoyance
offensive	adj.	morally offensive
offensive	adj.	unpleasant or disgusting especially to the senses
offensive	adj.	substitute a harsher or distasteful term for a mild one
offensive	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
offensiveness	n.	the quality of being offensive
offensives	n.	the action of attacking an enemy
offer	n.	the verbal act of offering
offer	n.	something offered (as a proposal or bid)
offer	n.	a usually brief attempt
offer	v.	make available or accessible, provide or furnish
offer	v.	present for acceptance or rejection
offer	v.	agree freely
offer	v.	put forward for consideration
offer	v.	offer verbally
offer	v.	make available for sale
offer	v.	propose a payment
offer	v.	produce or introduce on the stage
offer	v.	present as an act of worship
offer	v.	mount or put up
offer	v.	make available; provide
offer	v.	ask (someone) to marry you
offer	v.	threaten to do something
offering	n.	something offered (as a proposal or bid)
offering	n.	money contributed to a religious organization
offering	n.	the verbal act of offering
offering	n.	the act of contributing to the funds of a church or charity
offering	v.	make available or accessible, provide or furnish
offering	v.	present for acceptance or rejection
offering	v.	agree freely
offering	v.	put forward for consideration
offering	v.	offer verbally
offering	v.	make available for sale
offering	v.	propose a payment
offering	v.	produce or introduce on the stage
offering	v.	present as an act of worship
offering	v.	mount or put up
offering	v.	make available; provide
offering	v.	ask (someone) to marry you
offering	v.	threaten to do something
offertory	n.	the offerings of the congregation at a religious service
offertory	n.	the part of the Eucharist when bread and wine are offered to God
offhand	adj.	with little or no preparation or forethought
offhand	adj.	casually thoughtless or inconsiderate
offhand	adv.	without previous thought or preparation
offhand	adv.	in a casually inconsiderate manner
offhanded	adj.	with little or no preparation or forethought
offhanded	adj.	casually thoughtless or inconsiderate
offhanded	adv.	without previous thought or preparation
offhanded	adv.	in a casually inconsiderate manner
office	n.	place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed
office	n.	an administrative unit of government
office	n.	the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group
office	n.	(of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power
office	n.	professional or clerical workers in an office
office	n.	a religious rite or service prescribed by ecclesiastical authorities
office	n.	a job in an organization
officeholder	n.	someone who is appointed or elected to an office and who holds a position of trust
officeholder	n.	the official who holds an office
officer	n.	any person in the armed services who holds a position of authority or command
officer	n.	someone who is appointed or elected to an office and who holds a position of trust
officer	n.	a member of a police force
officer	n.	a person authorized to serve in a position of authority on a vessel
officer	v.	direct or command as an officer
official	n.	a worker who holds or is invested with an office
official	n.	someone who administers the rules of a game or sport
official	adj.	having official authority or sanction
official	adj.	of or relating to an office
official	adj.	verified officially
official	adj.	conforming to set usage, procedure, or discipline
official	adj.	(of a church) given official status as a national or state institution
officialdom	n.	people elected or appointed to administer a government
officialese	n.	the style of writing characteristic of some government officials: formal and obscure
officiant	n.	a clergyman who officiates at a religious ceremony or service
officiate	v.	act in an official capacity in a ceremony or religious ritual, such as a wedding
officiate	v.	perform duties attached to a particular office or place or function
officious	adj.	intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner
officiousness	n.	aggressiveness as evidenced by intruding; by advancing yourself or your ideas without invitation
offing	n.	the near or foreseeable future
offing	n.	the part of the sea that can be seen from the shore and is beyond the anchoring area
offing	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
offish	adj.	lacking cordiality; unfriendly
offload	v.	transfer to a peripheral device, of computer data
offload	v.	take the load off (a container or vehicle)
offprint	n.	a separately printed article that originally appeared in a larger publication
offset	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
offset	n.	a compensating equivalent
offset	n.	a horizontal branch from the base of plant that produces new plants from buds at its tips
offset	n.	a natural consequence of development
offset	n.	a plate makes an inked impression on a rubber-blanketed cylinder, which in turn transfers it to the paper
offset	n.	structure where a wall or building narrows abruptly
offset	v.	compensate for or counterbalance
offset	v.	make up for
offset	v.	cause (printed matter) to transfer or smear onto another surface
offset	v.	create an offset in
offset	v.	produce by offset printing
offsetting	v.	compensate for or counterbalance
offsetting	v.	make up for
offsetting	v.	cause (printed matter) to transfer or smear onto another surface
offsetting	v.	create an offset in
offsetting	v.	produce by offset printing
offshoot	n.	a natural consequence of development
offshore	adj.	(of winds) coming from the land
offshore	adj.	at some distance from the shore
offshore	adv.	away from shore; away from land
offside	n.	(sport) the mistake of occupying an illegal position on the playing field (in football, soccer, ice hockey, field hockey, etc.)
offside	adj.	illegally beyond a prescribed line or area or ahead of the ball or puck
offside	adv.	illegally in advance of the ball or puck
offspring	n.	the immediate descendants of a person
offspring	n.	something that comes into existence as a result
offspring	n.	any immature animal
offstage	n.	a stage area out of sight of the audience
offstage	adj.	situated or taking place in the area of a stage not visible to the audience
offstage	adj.	concealed from public view or attention
offstage	adv.	behind the scenes; not on stage
offstage	adv.	not in public
oft	adv.	many times at short intervals
often	adv.	many times at short intervals
often	adv.	frequently or in great quantities
often	adv.	in many cases or instances
oftentimes	adv.	many times at short intervals
ofttimes	adv.	many times at short intervals
ogden	n.	English psychologist who collaborated with I. A. Richards in designing Basic English (1889-1957)
ogden	n.	a town in northern Utah settled by Mormons
ogle	v.	look at with amorous intentions
ogler	n.	a viewer who gives a flirtatious or lewd look at another person
ogre	n.	a cruel wicked and inhuman person
ogre	n.	(folklore) a giant who likes to eat human beings
ogress	n.	(folklore) a female ogre
oh	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region
ohio	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region
ohio	n.	a river that is formed in western Pennsylvania and flows westward to become a tributary of the Mississippi River
ohioan	n.	a native or resident of Ohio
ohm	n.	a unit of electrical resistance equal to the resistance between two points on a conductor when a potential difference of one volt between them produces a current of one ampere
ohm	n.	German physicist who formulated Ohm's law (1787-1854)
ohmmeter	n.	a meter for measuring electrical resistance in ohms
ohs	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States in the Great Lakes region
oil	n.	a slippery or viscous liquid or liquefiable substance not miscible with water
oil	n.	oil paint containing pigment that is used by an artist
oil	n.	a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
oil	n.	any of a group of liquid edible fats that are obtained from plants
oil	v.	cover with oil, as if by rubbing
oil	v.	administer an oil or ointment to ; often in a religious ceremony of blessing
oilcan	n.	a can with a long nozzle to apply oil to machinery
oilcloth	n.	cloth treated on one side with a drying oil or synthetic resin
oilcloths	n.	cloth treated on one side with a drying oil or synthetic resin
oilfield	n.	a region rich in petroleum deposits (especially one with producing oil wells)
oiliness	n.	consisting of or covered with oil
oiliness	n.	smug self-serving earnestness
oilman	n.	a person who owns or operates oil wells
oilman	n.	a worker who produces or sells petroleum
oilmen	n.	a person who owns or operates oil wells
oilmen	n.	a worker who produces or sells petroleum
oilskin	n.	a macintosh made from cotton fabric treated with oil and pigment to make it waterproof
oilskins	n.	a macintosh made from cotton fabric treated with oil and pigment to make it waterproof
oily	adj.	containing an unusual amount of grease or oil
oily	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
oily	adj.	coated or covered with oil
oily	adj.	smeared or soiled with grease or oil
oink	n.	the short low gruff noise of the kind made by hogs
oink	v.	utter a high-pitched cry, characteristic of pigs
ointment	n.	semisolid preparation (usually containing a medicine) applied externally as a remedy or for soothing an irritation
ointment	n.	toiletry consisting of any of various substances in the form of a thick liquid that have a soothing and moisturizing effect when applied to the skin
ojibwa	n.	a member of an Algonquian people who lived west of Lake Superior
ojibwa	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Ojibwa
ok	n.	a state in south central United States
ok	n.	an endorsement
ok	adj.	being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
ok	adv.	an expression of agreement normally occurring at the beginning of a sentence
okapi	n.	similar to the giraffe but smaller with much shorter neck and stripe on the legs
okay	n.	an endorsement
okay	v.	give sanction to
okay	adj.	being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
okay	adv.	in a satisfactory or adequate manner; ; ; (`alright' is a nonstandard variant of `all right')
okeechobee	n.	a lake in southeast Florida to the north of the Everglades
okinawa	n.	the largest island of the central Ryukyu Islands
okinawa	n.	a campaign in the closing days of World War II in the Pacific (April to June 1945); in savage close-quarter fighting United States marines and regular army troops took the island from the Japanese; considered the greatest victory of the Pacific campaign for the Americans
oklahoma	n.	a state in south central United States
oklahoman	n.	a native or resident of Oklahoma
okra	n.	long green edible beaked pods of the okra plant
okra	n.	tall coarse annual of Old World tropics widely cultivated in southern United States and West Indies for its long mucilaginous green pods used as basis for soups and stews; sometimes placed in genus Hibiscus
okra	n.	long mucilaginous green pods; may be simmered or sauteed but used especially in soups and stews
oktoberfest	n.	a strong lager made originally in Germany for the Oktoberfest celebration; sweet and copper-colored
oktoberfest	n.	an autumn festival that involves merrymaking and drinking beer
ola	n.	leaf or strip from a leaf of the talipot palm used in India for writing paper
old	n.	past times (especially in the phrase `in days of old')
old	adj.	(used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age
old	adj.	of long duration; not new
old	adj.	(used for emphasis) very familiar
old	adj.	skilled through long experience
old	adj.	belonging to some prior time
old	adj.	(used informally especially for emphasis)
old	adj.	of a very early stage in development
old	adj.	just preceding something else in time or order
oldenburg	n.	United States sculptor (born in Sweden); a leader of the pop art movement who was noted for giant sculptures of common objects (born in 1929)
oldfield	n.	United States race driver who was the first to drive faster than a mile a minute (1878-1946)
oldie	n.	a song that was formerly popular
oldish	adj.	somewhat elderly
oldness	n.	the opposite of youngness
oldness	n.	the quality of being old; the opposite of newness
oldster	n.	an elderly person
oleaginous	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
oleaginous	adj.	containing an unusual amount of grease or oil
oleander	n.	an ornamental but poisonous flowering shrub having narrow evergreen leaves and clusters of fragrant white to pink or red flowers: native to East Indies but widely cultivated in warm regions
oleo	n.	a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter
oleomargarine	n.	a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter
olfactory	adj.	of or relating to olfaction
oligarch	n.	one of the rulers in an oligarchy
oligarchic	adj.	of or relating to or supporting or characteristic of an oligarchy
oligarchical	adj.	of or relating to or supporting or characteristic of an oligarchy
oligarchs	n.	one of the rulers in an oligarchy
oligarchy	n.	a political system governed by a few people
oligocene	n.	from 40 million to 25 million years ago; appearance of sabertoothed cats
oligopoly	n.	(economics) a market in which control over the supply of a commodity is in the hands of a small number of producers and each one can influence prices and affect competitors
olive	n.	small ovoid fruit of the European olive tree; important food and source of oil
olive	n.	evergreen tree cultivated in the Mediterranean region since antiquity and now elsewhere; has edible shiny black fruits
olive	n.	hard yellow often variegated wood of an olive tree; used in cabinetwork
olive	n.	one-seeded fruit of the European olive tree usually pickled and used as a relish
olive	n.	a yellow-green color of low brightness and saturation
olive	adj.	of a yellow-green color similar to that of an unripe olive
oliver	n.	United States jazz musician who influenced the style of Louis Armstrong (1885-1938)
olivier	n.	English actor best know for his Shakespearean roles (1907-1989)
olmec	n.	a member of an early Mesoamerican civilization centered around Veracruz that flourished between 1300 and 400 BC
olmsted	n.	United States landscape architect primarily responsible for the design of Central Park in New York City (1822-1903)
olympia	n.	capital of the state of Washington; located in western Washington on Puget Sound
olympia	n.	a plain in Greece in the northwestern Peloponnese; the chief sanctuary of Zeus and the site of the original Olympian Games
olympiad	n.	one of the four-year intervals between Olympic Games; used to reckon time in ancient Greece for twelve centuries beginning in 776 BC
olympiad	n.	the modern revival of the ancient games held once every 4 years in a selected country
olympian	n.	an athlete who participates in the Olympic games
olympian	n.	a classical Greek god after the overthrow of the Titans
olympian	adj.	of the region of Olympia in Greece or its inhabitants
olympian	adj.	of or pertaining to the greater gods of ancient Greece whose abode was Mount Olympus
olympian	adj.	majestic in manner or bearing; superior to mundane matters
olympian	adj.	far beyond what is usual in magnitude or degree
olympic	adj.	of or relating to the Olympic Games
olympic	adj.	of the region of Olympia in Greece or its inhabitants
olympics	n.	the modern revival of the ancient games held once every 4 years in a selected country
olympus	n.	a mountain peak in northeast Greece near the Aegean coast; believed by ancient Greeks to be the dwelling place of the gods (9,570 feet high)
omaha	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly living in the Missouri river valley in northeastern Nebraska
omaha	n.	largest city in Nebraska; located in eastern Nebraska on the Missouri river; a major transportation center of the Midwest
omaha	n.	the Dhegiha dialect spoken by the Omaha
omaha	n.	thoroughbred that won the triple crown in 1935
oman	n.	a strategically located monarchy on the southern and eastern coasts of the Arabian Peninsula; the economy is dominated by oil
omani	n.	a native or inhabitant of Oman
omani	adj.	of or relating to Oman or its people
omayyad	n.	the first dynasty of Arab caliphs whose capital was Damascus
omb	n.	the executive agency that advises the President on the federal budget
ombudsman	n.	a government appointee who investigates complaints by private persons against the government
ombudsmen	n.	a government appointee who investigates complaints by private persons against the government
omdurman	n.	a city of Sudan; located in the central Sudan on the White Nile opposite Khartoum
omdurman	n.	a battle (1898) in which an English and Egyptian army under Kitchener defeated the Sudanese
omega	n.	the ending of a series or sequence; --Revelation
omega	n.	the last (24th) letter of the Greek alphabet
omelet	n.	beaten eggs or an egg mixture cooked until just set; may be folded around e.g. ham or cheese or jelly
omen	n.	a sign of something about to happen
omen	n.	a strategically located monarchy on the southern and eastern coasts of the Arabian Peninsula; the economy is dominated by oil
omen	v.	indicate by signs
omicron	n.	the 15th letter of the Greek alphabet
ominous	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
ominous	adj.	presaging ill fortune; ; ; - P.B.Shelley
omission	n.	a mistake resulting from neglect
omission	n.	something that has been omitted
omission	n.	any process whereby sounds or words are left out of spoken words or phrases
omission	n.	neglecting to do something; leaving out or passing over something
omit	v.	prevent from being included or considered or accepted
omit	v.	leave undone or leave out
omitted	v.	prevent from being included or considered or accepted
omitted	v.	leave undone or leave out
omitting	v.	prevent from being included or considered or accepted
omitting	v.	leave undone or leave out
omnibus	n.	an anthology of articles on a related subject or an anthology of the works of a single author
omnibus	n.	a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport
omnibus	adj.	providing for many things at once
omnipotence	n.	the state of being omnipotent; having unlimited power
omnipotent	adj.	having unlimited power
omnipresence	n.	the state of being everywhere at once (or seeming to be everywhere at once)
omnipresent	adj.	being present everywhere at once
omniscience	n.	the state of being omniscient; having infinite knowledge
omniscient	adj.	infinitely wise
omnivore	n.	a person who eats all kinds of foods
omnivore	n.	an animal that feeds on both animal and vegetable substances
omnivorous	adj.	feeding on both plants and animals
omsk	n.	a city in the Asian part of Russia
on	adj.	in operation or operational
on	adj.	(of events) planned or scheduled
on	adv.	with a forward motion
on	adv.	indicates continuity or persistence or concentration
on	adv.	in a state required for something to function or be effective
once	adv.	on one occasion
once	adv.	as soon as
once	adv.	at a previous time
oncogene	n.	a gene that disposes normal cells to change into cancerous tumor cells
oncologist	n.	a specialist in oncology
oncology	n.	the branch of medicine concerned with the study and treatment of tumors
oncoming	n.	the beginning or early stages
oncoming	adj.	moving toward one
one	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
one	n.	a single person or thing
one	adj.	used of a single unit or thing; not two or more
one	adj.	having the indivisible character of a unit
one	adj.	of the same kind or quality
one	adj.	used informally as an intensifier
one	adj.	indefinite in time or position
one	adj.	being a single entity made by combining separate components
one	adj.	eminent beyond or above comparison
onega	n.	lake in northwestern Russia near the border with Finland; second largest lake in Europe
oneida	n.	a member of the Iroquoian people formerly living east of Lake Ontario
oneida	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Oneida
oneness	n.	the quality of being united into one
onerous	adj.	not easily borne; wearing
onerousness	n.	unwelcome burdensome difficulty
onetime	adj.	belonging to some prior time
ongoing	adj.	currently happening
onion	n.	the bulb of an onion plant
onion	n.	bulbous plant having hollow leaves cultivated worldwide for its rounded edible bulb
onion	n.	an aromatic flavorful vegetable
onionskin	n.	a thin strong lightweight translucent paper used especially for making carbon copies
online	adj.	on a regular route of a railroad or bus or airline system
online	adj.	connected to a computer network or accessible by computer
online	adj.	being in progress now
onlooker	n.	someone who looks on
ono	n.	United States musician (born in Japan) who married John Lennon and collaborated with him on recordings (born in 1933)
onomatopoeia	n.	using words that imitate the sound they denote
onomatopoeic	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by onomatopoeia
onomatopoeic	adj.	(of words) formed in imitation of a natural sound; ; - Harry Hoijer
onomatopoetic	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by onomatopoeia
onomatopoetic	adj.	(of words) formed in imitation of a natural sound; ; - Harry Hoijer
onondaga	n.	a member of the Iroquoian people formerly living between Lake Champlain and the Saint Lawrence River
onondaga	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Onondaga
onrush	n.	(military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons)
onrush	n.	a forceful forward rush or flow
onsager	n.	United States chemist (born in Norway) noted for his work in thermodynamics (1903-1976)
onset	n.	the beginning or early stages
onset	n.	(military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons)
onshore	adj.	(of winds) coming from the sea toward the land
onshore	adj.	on the edge of the land
onshore	adv.	on or toward the land
onside	adj.	not offside; being within the prescribed area of play
onslaught	n.	a sudden and severe onset of trouble
onslaught	n.	(military) an offensive against an enemy (using weapons)
onslaught	n.	the rapid and continuous delivery of linguistic communication (spoken or written)
onstage	adj.	situated or taking place on the area of a stage visible to the audience
onstage	adv.	on the stage
ontario	n.	the smallest of the Great Lakes
ontario	n.	a prosperous and industrialized province in central Canada
ontogeny	n.	(biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level
ontological	adj.	of or relating to ontology
ontology	n.	(computer science) a rigorous and exhaustive organization of some knowledge domain that is usually hierarchical and contains all the relevant entities and their relations
ontology	n.	the metaphysical study of the nature of being and existence
onus	n.	an onerous or difficult concern
onward	adv.	forward in time or order or degree
onward	adv.	in a forward direction
onyx	n.	a chalcedony with alternating black and white bands; used in making cameos
oodles	n.	a large number or amount
ooh	v.	express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah'
oohs	v.	express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah'
oomph	n.	attractiveness to the opposite sex
oomph	n.	the activeness of an energetic personality
oort	n.	Dutch astronomer who proved that the galaxy is rotating and proposed the existence of the Oort cloud (1900-1992)
ooze	n.	any thick, viscous matter
ooze	n.	the process of seeping
ooze	v.	pass gradually or leak through or as if through small openings
ooze	v.	release (a liquid) in drops or small quantities
oozy	adj.	leaking out slowly
opacity	n.	the phenomenon of not permitting the passage of electromagnetic radiation
opacity	n.	incomprehensibility resulting from obscurity of meaning
opacity	n.	the quality of being opaque to a degree; the degree to which something reduces the passage of light
opal	n.	a translucent mineral consisting of hydrated silica of variable color; some varieties are used as gemstones
opalescence	n.	the visual property of something having a milky brightness and a play of colors from the surface
opalescent	adj.	having a play of lustrous rainbow colors
opaque	adj.	not transmitting or reflecting light or radiant energy; impenetrable to sight
opaque	adj.	not clearly understood or expressed
opaqueness	n.	incomprehensibility resulting from obscurity of meaning
opaqueness	n.	the quality of being opaque to a degree; the degree to which something reduces the passage of light
opec	n.	an organization of countries formed in 1961 to agree on a common policy for the production and sale of petroleum
opel	n.	German industrialist who was the first in Germany to use an assembly line in manufacturing automobiles (1871-1948)
open	n.	a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water
open	n.	where the air is unconfined
open	n.	a tournament in which both professionals and amateurs may play
open	n.	information that has become public
open	v.	cause to open or to become open
open	v.	start to operate or function or cause to start operating or functioning
open	v.	become open
open	v.	begin or set in action, of meetings, speeches, recitals, etc.
open	v.	spread out or open from a closed or folded state
open	v.	make available
open	v.	become available
open	v.	have an opening or passage or outlet
open	v.	make the opening move
open	v.	afford access to
open	v.	display the contents of a file or start an application as on a computer
open	adj.	affording unobstructed entrance and exit; not shut or closed
open	adj.	affording free passage or access
open	adj.	with no protection or shield
open	adj.	open to or in view of all
open	adj.	used of mouth or eyes
open	adj.	not having been filled
open	adj.	accessible to all
open	adj.	not defended or capable of being defended
open	adj.	(of textures) full of small openings or gaps
open	adj.	having no protecting cover or enclosure
open	adj.	(set theory) of an interval that contains neither of its endpoints
open	adj.	not brought to a conclusion; subject to further thought
open	adj.	not sealed or having been unsealed
open	adj.	without undue constriction as from e.g. tenseness or inhibition
open	adj.	ready or willing to receive favorably
open	adj.	open and observable; not secret or hidden
open	adj.	not requiring union membership
open	adj.	possibly accepting or permitting
open	adj.	affording free passage or view
open	adj.	openly straightforward and direct without reserve or secretiveness
open	adj.	ready for business
opencast	adj.	(of mines and mining) worked from the exposed surface
opened	v.	cause to open or to become open
opened	v.	start to operate or function or cause to start operating or functioning
opened	v.	become open
opened	v.	begin or set in action, of meetings, speeches, recitals, etc.
opened	v.	spread out or open from a closed or folded state
opened	v.	make available
opened	v.	become available
opened	v.	have an opening or passage or outlet
opened	v.	make the opening move
opened	v.	afford access to
opened	v.	display the contents of a file or start an application as on a computer
opened	adj.	used of mouth or eyes
opened	adj.	made open or clear
opened	adj.	not sealed or having been unsealed
opener	n.	the first event in a series
opener	n.	a person who unfastens or unwraps or opens
opener	n.	a hand tool used for opening sealed containers (bottles or cans)
openhanded	adj.	given or giving freely
openhandedness	n.	liberality in bestowing gifts; extremely liberal and generous of spirit
openhearted	adj.	showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity
openhearted	adj.	freely communicative; candidly straightforward
opening	n.	an open or empty space in or between things
opening	n.	a ceremony accompanying the start of some enterprise
opening	n.	becoming open or being made open
opening	n.	the first performance (as of a theatrical production)
opening	n.	the act of opening something
opening	n.	opportunity especially for employment or promotion
opening	n.	the initial part of the introduction
opening	n.	a possible alternative
opening	n.	an aperture or hole that opens into a bodily cavity
opening	n.	a vacant or unobstructed space that is man-made
opening	n.	an entrance equipped with a hatch; especially a passageway between decks of a ship
opening	n.	a recognized sequence of moves at the beginning of a game of chess
opening	n.	the first of a series of actions
opening	v.	cause to open or to become open
opening	v.	start to operate or function or cause to start operating or functioning
opening	v.	become open
opening	v.	begin or set in action, of meetings, speeches, recitals, etc.
opening	v.	spread out or open from a closed or folded state
opening	v.	make available
opening	v.	become available
opening	v.	have an opening or passage or outlet
opening	v.	make the opening move
opening	v.	afford access to
opening	v.	display the contents of a file or start an application as on a computer
opening	adj.	first or beginning
openness	n.	without obstructions to passage or view
openness	n.	characterized by an attitude of ready accessibility (especially about one's actions or purposes); without concealment; not secretive
openness	n.	willingness or readiness to receive (especially impressions or ideas)
openwork	n.	ornamental work (such as embroidery or latticework) having a pattern of openings
opera	n.	a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and an orchestral overture and interludes
opera	n.	a commercial browser
opera	n.	a building where musical dramas are performed
operable	adj.	capable of being treated by surgical operation
operable	adj.	fit or ready for use or service
operable	adj.	usable for a specific purpose
operand	n.	a quantity upon which a mathematical operation is performed
operate	v.	direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.
operate	v.	perform as expected when applied
operate	v.	handle and cause to function
operate	v.	perform a movement in military or naval tactics in order to secure an advantage in attack or defense
operate	v.	happen
operate	v.	keep engaged
operate	v.	perform surgery on
operatic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of opera
operation	n.	the state of being in effect or being operative
operation	n.	a business especially one run on a large scale
operation	n.	a planned activity involving many people performing various actions
operation	n.	(computer science) data processing in which the result is completely specified by a rule (especially the processing that results from a single instruction)
operation	n.	activity by a military or naval force (as a maneuver or campaign)
operation	n.	a medical procedure involving an incision with instruments; performed to repair damage or arrest disease in a living body
operation	n.	a process or series of acts especially of a practical or mechanical nature involved in a particular form of work
operation	n.	process or manner of functioning or operating
operation	n.	(psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents
operation	n.	(mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods
operation	n.	the activity of operating something (a machine or business etc.)
operational	adj.	pertaining to a process or series of actions for achieving a result
operational	adj.	fit or ready for use or service
operational	adj.	(military) of or intended for or involved in military operations
operational	adj.	being in effect or operation; - Leslie Marmon Silko
operative	n.	a person secretly employed in espionage for a government
operative	n.	someone who can be employed as a detective to collect information
operative	adj.	being in force or having or exerting force
operative	adj.	relating to or requiring or amenable to treatment by surgery especially as opposed to medicine
operative	adj.	effective; producing a desired effect
operative	adj.	(of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing
operator	n.	(mathematics) a symbol or function representing a mathematical operation
operator	n.	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine
operator	n.	someone who owns or operates a business
operator	n.	a shrewd or unscrupulous person who knows how to circumvent difficulties
operator	n.	a speculator who trades aggressively on stock or commodity markets
operetta	n.	a short amusing opera
ophiuchus	n.	a large constellation in the equatorial region between Hercules and Scorpius
ophthalmic	adj.	of or relating to the eye
ophthalmic	adj.	of or relating to ophthalmology
ophthalmologist	n.	a medical doctor specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the eye
ophthalmology	n.	the branch of medicine concerned with the eye and its diseases
opiate	n.	a narcotic drug that contains opium or an opium derivative
opine	v.	express one's opinion openly and without fear or hesitation
opine	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
opinion	n.	a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
opinion	n.	a message expressing a belief about something; the expression of a belief that is held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof
opinion	n.	a belief or sentiment shared by most people; the voice of the people
opinion	n.	the legal document stating the reasons for a judicial decision
opinion	n.	the reason for a court's judgment (as opposed to the decision itself)
opinion	n.	a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
opinionated	adj.	obstinate in your opinions
opium	n.	an addictive narcotic extracted from seed capsules of the opium poppy
opossum	n.	small furry Australian arboreal marsupials having long usually prehensile tails
opossum	n.	nocturnal arboreal marsupial having a naked prehensile tail found from southern North America to northern South America
oppenheimer	n.	United States physicist who directed the project at Los Alamos that developed the first atomic bomb (1904-1967)
opponent	n.	a contestant that you are matched against
opponent	n.	someone who offers opposition
opponent	adj.	characterized by active hostility
opportune	adj.	suitable or at a time that is suitable or advantageous especially for a particular purpose
opportunism	n.	taking advantage of opportunities without regard for the consequences for others
opportunist	n.	a person who places expediency above principle
opportunist	adj.	taking immediate advantage, often unethically, of any circumstance of possible benefit
opportunistic	adj.	taking immediate advantage, often unethically, of any circumstance of possible benefit
opportunity	n.	a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances
oppose	v.	be against; express opposition to
oppose	v.	fight against or resist strongly
oppose	v.	contrast with equal weight or force
oppose	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
oppose	v.	act against or in opposition to
oppose	v.	be resistant to
opposed	v.	be against; express opposition to
opposed	v.	fight against or resist strongly
opposed	v.	contrast with equal weight or force
opposed	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
opposed	v.	act against or in opposition to
opposed	v.	be resistant to
opposed	adj.	being in opposition or having an opponent
opposite	n.	a word that expresses a meaning opposed to the meaning of another word, in which case the two words are antonyms of each other
opposite	n.	a relation of direct opposition
opposite	n.	a contestant that you are matched against
opposite	n.	something inverted in sequence or character or effect
opposite	adj.	being directly across from each other; facing; - Longfellow
opposite	adj.	of leaves etc; growing in pairs on either side of a stem
opposite	adj.	moving or facing away from each other
opposite	adj.	the other one of a complementary pair
opposite	adj.	altogether different in nature or quality or significance; ; - Charles Reade
opposite	adj.	characterized by opposite extremes; completely opposed
opposite	adv.	directly facing each other
opposition	n.	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with
opposition	n.	the relation between opposed entities
opposition	n.	the act of hostile groups opposing each other
opposition	n.	a contestant that you are matched against
opposition	n.	a body of people united in opposing something
opposition	n.	a direction opposite to another
opposition	n.	an armed adversary (especially a member of an opposing military force)
opposition	n.	the major political party opposed to the party in office and prepared to replace it if elected
oppress	v.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority
oppress	v.	cause to suffer
oppression	n.	the act of subjugating by cruelty
oppression	n.	the state of being kept down by unjust use of force or authority:
oppression	n.	a feeling of being oppressed
oppressive	adj.	weighing heavily on the senses or spirit
oppressive	adj.	marked by unjust severity or arbitrary behavior
oppressiveness	n.	a feeling of being oppressed
oppressiveness	n.	unwelcome burdensome difficulty
oppressor	n.	a person of authority who subjects others to undue pressures
opprobrious	adj.	expressing offensive reproach
opprobrious	adj.	(used of conduct or character) deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; - Rachel Carson
opprobrium	n.	state of disgrace resulting from public abuse
opprobrium	n.	a state of extreme dishonor; - F.D.Roosevelt
opt	v.	select as an alternative over another
optic	n.	the organ of sight
optic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling the eye
optic	adj.	relating to or using sight
optical	adj.	of or relating to or involving light or optics
optical	adj.	relating to or using sight
optical	adj.	of or relating to or resembling the eye
optician	n.	a worker who makes glasses for remedying defects of vision
optics	n.	the branch of physics that studies the physical properties of light
optics	n.	optical properties
optics	n.	the organ of sight
optima	n.	most favorable conditions or greatest degree or amount possible under given circumstances
optimal	adj.	most desirable possible under a restriction expressed or implied
optimism	n.	the optimistic feeling that all is going to turn out well
optimism	n.	a general disposition to expect the best in all things
optimist	n.	a person disposed to take a favorable view of things
optimistic	adj.	expecting the best in this best of all possible worlds
optimistic	adj.	expecting the best
optimistically	adv.	with optimism; in an optimistic manner
optimization	n.	the act of rendering optimal
optimize	v.	make optimal; get the most out of; use best
optimize	v.	modify to achieve maximum efficiency in storage capacity or time or cost
optimize	v.	act as an optimist and take a sunny view of the world
optimum	n.	most favorable conditions or greatest degree or amount possible under given circumstances
optimum	adj.	most desirable possible under a restriction expressed or implied
option	n.	the right to buy or sell property at an agreed price; the right is purchased and if it is not exercised by a stated date the money is forfeited
option	n.	one of a number of things from which only one can be chosen
option	n.	the act of choosing or selecting
optional	adj.	possible but not necessary; left to personal choice
optometrist	n.	a person skilled in testing for defects of vision in order to prescribe corrective glasses
optometry	n.	the practice of an optometrist
opulence	n.	wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living
opulent	adj.	rich and superior in quality
opus	n.	a musical work that has been created
or	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific
or	n.	a room in a hospital equipped for the performance of surgical operations
ora	n.	a mouth or mouthlike opening
ora	n.	a hard brittle blue-grey or blue-black metallic element that is one of the platinum metals; the heaviest metal known
ora	n.	(computer science) software that controls the execution of computer programs and may provide various services
ora	n.	the left eye
ora	n.	rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates
oracle	n.	an authoritative person who divines the future
oracle	n.	a prophecy (usually obscure or allegorical) revealed by a priest or priestess; believed to be infallible
oracle	n.	a shrine where an oracular god is consulted
oracular	adj.	of or relating to an oracle
oracular	adj.	obscurely prophetic
oracular	adj.	resembling an oracle in obscurity of thought
oral	n.	an examination conducted by spoken communication
oral	adj.	using speech rather than writing
oral	adj.	of or relating to or affecting or for use in the mouth
oral	adj.	of or involving the mouth or mouth region or the surface on which the mouth is located
oral	adj.	a stage in psychosexual development when the child's interest is concentrated in the mouth; fixation at this stage is said to result in dependence, selfishness, and aggression
oran	n.	a port city in northwestern Algeria and the country's 2nd largest city
orange	n.	round yellow to orange fruit of any of several citrus trees
orange	n.	orange color or pigment; any of a range of colors between red and yellow
orange	n.	any citrus tree bearing oranges
orange	n.	any pigment producing the orange color
orange	n.	a river in South Africa that flows generally westward to the Atlantic Ocean
orange	adj.	of the color between red and yellow; similar to the color of a ripe orange
orangeade	n.	sweetened beverage of diluted orange juice
orangery	n.	a place where oranges are grown; a plantation of orange trees in warm climes or a greenhouse in cooler areas
orangutan	n.	large long-armed ape of Borneo and Sumatra having arboreal habits
orate	v.	talk pompously
oration	n.	an instance of oratory
orator	n.	a person who delivers a speech or oration
oratorical	adj.	characteristic of an orator or oratory; ; - Robert Graves
oratorio	n.	a musical composition for voices and orchestra based on a religious text
oratory	n.	addressing an audience formally (usually a long and rhetorical address and often pompous)
orb	n.	the ball-shaped capsule containing the vertebrate eye
orb	n.	an object with a spherical shape
orb	v.	move in an orbit
orbicular	adj.	circular or nearly circular
orbicular	adj.	having the shape of a sphere or ball; ; ; - Zane Grey
orbison	n.	United States composer and rockabilly tenor popular in the 1950s (1936-1988)
orbit	n.	the (usually elliptical) path described by one celestial body in its revolution about another
orbit	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
orbit	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
orbit	n.	the path of an electron around the nucleus of an atom
orbit	n.	the bony cavity in the skull containing the eyeball
orbit	v.	move in an orbit
orbital	adj.	of or relating to an orbit
orbital	adj.	of or relating to the eye socket
orbiter	n.	man-made equipment that orbits around the earth or the moon
orchard	n.	garden consisting of a small cultivated wood without undergrowth
orchestra	n.	a musical organization consisting of a group of instrumentalists including string players
orchestra	n.	seating on the main floor in a theater
orchestral	adj.	relating to or composed for an orchestra
orchestrate	v.	write an orchestra score for
orchestrate	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
orchestration	n.	an arrangement of a piece of music for performance by an orchestra or band
orchestration	n.	the act of arranging a piece of music for an orchestra and assigning parts to the different musical instruments
orchestration	n.	an arrangement of events that attempts to achieve a maximum effect
orchid	n.	any of numerous plants of the orchid family usually having flowers of unusual shapes and beautiful colors
ordain	v.	order by virtue of superior authority; decree
ordain	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
ordain	v.	invest with ministerial or priestly authority
ordain	v.	issue an order
ordeal	n.	a severe or trying experience
ordeal	n.	a primitive method of determining a person's guilt or innocence by subjecting the accused person to dangerous or painful tests believed to be under divine control; escape was usually taken as a sign of innocence
order	n.	(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed
order	n.	a degree in a continuum of size or quantity
order	n.	established customary state (especially of society)
order	n.	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements
order	n.	a condition of regular or proper arrangement
order	n.	a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)
order	n.	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities
order	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
order	n.	a body of rules followed by an assembly
order	n.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy
order	n.	a group of person living under a religious rule
order	n.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families
order	n.	a request for something to be made, supplied, or served
order	n.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
order	n.	the act of putting things in a sequential arrangement
order	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
order	v.	make a request for something
order	v.	issue commands or orders for
order	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
order	v.	bring order to or into
order	v.	place in a certain order
order	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
order	v.	arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
order	v.	assign a rank or rating to
ordered	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
ordered	v.	make a request for something
ordered	v.	issue commands or orders for
ordered	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
ordered	v.	bring order to or into
ordered	v.	place in a certain order
ordered	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
ordered	v.	arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
ordered	v.	assign a rank or rating to
ordered	adj.	having a systematic arrangement; especially having elements succeeding in order according to rule
ordered	adj.	disposed or placed in a particular kind of order
ordered	adj.	marked by an orderly, logical, and aesthetically consistent relation of parts
orderings	n.	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements
orderings	n.	the act of putting things in a sequential arrangement
orderliness	n.	the quality of appreciating method and system
orderliness	n.	a condition of regular or proper arrangement
orderly	n.	a soldier who serves as an attendant to a superior officer
orderly	n.	a male hospital attendant who has general duties that do not involve the medical treatment of patients
orderly	adj.	devoid of violence or disruption
orderly	adj.	clean or organized
ordinal	n.	the number designating place in an ordered sequence
ordinal	adj.	of or relating to a taxonomic order
ordinal	adj.	being or denoting a numerical order in a series
ordinance	n.	an authoritative rule
ordinance	n.	a statute enacted by a city government
ordinance	n.	the act of ordaining; the act of conferring (or receiving) holy orders
ordinarily	adv.	under normal conditions
ordinariness	n.	the quality of being commonplace and ordinary
ordinary	n.	a judge of a probate court
ordinary	n.	the expected or commonplace condition or situation
ordinary	n.	a clergyman appointed to prepare condemned prisoners for death
ordinary	n.	an early bicycle with a very large front wheel and small back wheel
ordinary	n.	(heraldry) any of several conventional figures used on shields
ordinary	adj.	not exceptional in any way especially in quality or ability or size or degree
ordinary	adj.	lacking special distinction, rank, or status; commonly encountered
ordinate	n.	the value of a coordinate on the vertical axis
ordinate	v.	appoint to a clerical posts
ordinate	v.	bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation
ordination	n.	the status of being ordained to a sacred office
ordination	n.	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements
ordination	n.	the act of ordaining; the act of conferring (or receiving) holy orders
ordnance	n.	military supplies
ordnance	n.	large but transportable armament
ordovician	n.	from 500 million to 425 million years ago; conodonts and ostracods and algae and seaweeds
ordure	n.	solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels
ore	n.	a mineral that contains metal that is valuable enough to be mined
ore	n.	a monetary subunit in Denmark and Norway and Sweden; 100 ore equal 1 krona
oregano	n.	aromatic Eurasian perennial
oregano	n.	pungent leaves used as seasoning with meats and fowl and in stews and soups and omelets
oregon	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific
oregonian	n.	a native or resident of Oregon
oreo	n.	chocolate cookie with white cream filling
orestes	n.	(Greek mythology) the son of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra; his sister Electra persuaded him to avenge Agamemnon's death by killing Clytemnestra and Aegisthus
organ	n.	a fully differentiated structural and functional unit in an animal that is specialized for some particular function
organ	n.	a government agency or instrument devoted to the performance of some specific function
organ	n.	(music) an electronic simulation of a pipe organ
organ	n.	a periodical that is published by a special interest group
organ	n.	wind instrument whose sound is produced by means of pipes arranged in sets supplied with air from a bellows and controlled from a large complex musical keyboard
organ	n.	a free-reed instrument in which air is forced through the reeds by bellows
organdy	n.	a sheer stiff muslin
organelle	n.	a specialized part of a cell; analogous to an organ
organic	n.	a fertilizer that is derived from animal or vegetable matter
organic	adj.	relating or belonging to the class of chemical compounds having a carbon basis
organic	adj.	being or relating to or derived from or having properties characteristic of living organisms
organic	adj.	involving or affecting physiology or bodily organs
organic	adj.	of or relating to foodstuff grown or raised without synthetic fertilizers or pesticides or hormones
organic	adj.	simple and healthful and close to nature
organic	adj.	constitutional in the structure of something (especially your physical makeup)
organically	adv.	as an important constituent
organically	adv.	involving carbon compounds
organically	adv.	in an organic manner
organism	n.	a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently
organism	n.	a system considered analogous in structure or function to a living body
organismic	adj.	of or relating to or belonging to an organism (considered as a whole)
organist	n.	a person who plays an organ
organization	n.	a group of people who work together
organization	n.	an organized structure for arranging or classifying
organization	n.	the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something
organization	n.	the act of organizing a business or an activity related to a business
organization	n.	an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized
organization	n.	the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properly or methodically
organization	n.	the act of forming or establishing something
organizational	adj.	of or relating to an organization
organize	v.	create (as an entity)
organize	v.	cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or idea
organize	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
organize	v.	bring order and organization to
organize	v.	arrange by systematic planning and united effort
organize	v.	form or join a union
organized	v.	create (as an entity)
organized	v.	cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or idea
organized	v.	plan and direct (a complex undertaking)
organized	v.	bring order and organization to
organized	v.	arrange by systematic planning and united effort
organized	v.	form or join a union
organized	adj.	formed into a structured or coherent whole
organized	adj.	methodical and efficient in arrangement or function
organized	adj.	being a member of or formed into a labor union
organizer	n.	a person who brings order and organization to an enterprise
organizer	n.	someone who enlists workers to join a union
organizer	n.	a lightweight consumer electronic device that looks like a hand-held computer but instead performs specific tasks; can serve as a diary or a personal database or a telephone or an alarm clock etc.
organza	n.	a fabric made of silk or a silklike fabric that resembles organdy
orgasm	n.	the moment of most intense pleasure in sexual intercourse
orgiastic	adj.	used of frenzied sexual activity
orgiastic	adj.	used of riotously drunken merrymaking
orgy	n.	any act of immoderate indulgence
orgy	n.	secret rite in the cults of ancient Greek or Roman deities involving singing and dancing and drinking and sexual activity
orgy	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
oriel	n.	a projecting bay window corbeled or cantilevered out from a wall
orient	n.	the countries of Asia
orient	n.	the hemisphere that includes Eurasia and Africa and Australia
orient	v.	be oriented
orient	v.	determine one's position with reference to another point
orient	v.	cause to point
orient	v.	familiarize (someone) with new surroundings or circumstances
orient	v.	adjust to a specific need or market
oriental	n.	a member of an Oriental race; the term is regarded as offensive by Asians (especially by Asian Americans)
oriental	adj.	denoting or characteristic of countries of Asia
orientalism	n.	the scholarly knowledge of Asian cultures and languages and people
orientalism	n.	the quality or customs or mannerisms characteristic of Asian civilizations
orientalist	n.	a specialist in oriental subjects
orientate	v.	determine one's position with reference to another point
orientation	n.	the act of orienting
orientation	n.	an integrated set of attitudes and beliefs
orientation	n.	position or alignment relative to points of the compass or other specific directions
orientation	n.	a predisposition in favor of something
orientation	n.	a person's awareness of self with regard to position and time and place and personal relationships
orientation	n.	a course introducing a new situation or environment
orientations	n.	the act of orienting
orientations	n.	an integrated set of attitudes and beliefs
orientations	n.	position or alignment relative to points of the compass or other specific directions
orientations	n.	a predisposition in favor of something
orientations	n.	a person's awareness of self with regard to position and time and place and personal relationships
orientations	n.	a course introducing a new situation or environment
orifice	n.	an aperture or hole that opens into a bodily cavity
origami	n.	the Japanese art of folding paper into shapes representing objects (e.g., flowers or birds)
origin	n.	the place where something begins, where it springs into being
origin	n.	properties attributable to your ancestry
origin	n.	an event that is a beginning; a first part or stage of subsequent events
origin	n.	the point of intersection of coordinate axes; where the values of the coordinates are all zero
origin	n.	the source of something's existence or from which it derives or is derived
origin	n.	the descendants of one individual
original	n.	an original creation (i.e., an audio recording) from which copies can be made
original	n.	something that serves as a model or a basis for making copies
original	adj.	preceding all others in time or being as first made or performed
original	adj.	(of e.g. information) not secondhand or by way of something intermediary
original	adj.	being or productive of something fresh and unusual; or being as first made or thought of
original	adj.	not derived or copied or translated from something else
originality	n.	the ability to think and act independently
originality	n.	the quality of being new and original (not derived from something else)
originate	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
originate	v.	bring into being
originate	v.	begin a trip at a certain point, as of a plane, train, bus, etc.
origination	n.	an event that is a beginning; a first part or stage of subsequent events
origination	n.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new
originator	n.	someone who creates new things
orinoco	n.	a South American river 1,500 miles long; flows into the South Atlantic
oriole	n.	mostly tropical songbird; the male is usually bright orange and black
oriole	n.	American songbird; male is black and orange or yellow
orion	n.	(Greek mythology) a giant Boeotian hunter who pursued the Pleiades and was eventually slain by Artemis; was then placed in the sky as a constellation
orion	n.	a constellation on the equator to the east of Taurus; contains Betelgeuse and Rigel
orison	n.	reverent petition to a deity
oriya	n.	a member of a people in India living in Orissa and neighboring areas
oriya	n.	a Magadhan language that is spoken by the Oriya and is the official language of the Indian state of Orissa
orizaba	n.	a city of east central Mexico (west of Veracruz); a popular resort
orlando	n.	a city in central Florida; site of Walt Disney World
orleans	n.	a city on the Loire river in north central France; site of the siege of Orleans by the English (1428-1429)
orleans	n.	a long siege of Orleans by the English was relieved by Joan of Arc in 1429
orlon	n.	an acrylic fiber or the lightweight crease-resistant fabric made with Orlon yarns
orly	n.	a southeastern suburb of Paris; site of an international airport serving Paris
ormolu	n.	brass that looks like gold; used to decorate furniture
ornament	n.	something used to beautify
ornament	v.	make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc.
ornament	v.	be an ornament to
ornamental	n.	any plant grown for its beauty or ornamental value
ornamental	adj.	serving an esthetic rather than a useful purpose
ornamentation	n.	the state of being ornamented
ornamentation	n.	something used to beautify
ornamentation	n.	the act of adding extraneous decorations to something
ornate	adj.	marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details; ; -John Milton
ornateness	n.	high-flown style; excessive use of verbal ornamentation
ornateness	n.	an ornate appearance; being elaborately (even excessively) decorated
orneriness	n.	meanspirited disagreeable contrariness
ornery	adj.	having a difficult and contrary disposition; - Dorothy Sayers
ornithological	adj.	of or relating to ornithology
ornithologist	n.	a zoologist who studies birds
ornithology	n.	the branch of zoology that studies birds
orotund	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
orotund	adj.	(of sounds) full and rich
orphan	n.	a child who has lost both parents
orphan	n.	someone or something who lacks support or care or supervision
orphan	n.	the first line of a paragraph that is set as the last line of a page or column
orphan	n.	a young animal without a mother
orphan	v.	deprive of parents
orphanage	n.	the condition of being a child without living parents
orphanage	n.	a public institution for the care of orphans
orpheus	n.	(Greek mythology) a great musician; when his wife Eurydice died he went to Hades to get her back but failed
orphic	adj.	ascribed to Orpheus or characteristic of ideas in works ascribed to Orpheus
orphic	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
orr	n.	Canadian hockey player (born 1948)
orris	n.	German iris having large white flowers with lavender-tinged falls and a fragrant rhizome
orris	n.	fragrant rootstock of various irises especially Florentine iris; used in perfumes and medicines
ortega	n.	Nicaraguan statesman (born in 1945)
orthodontia	n.	the branch of dentistry dealing with the prevention or correction of irregularities of the teeth
orthodontic	adj.	of or relating to or involving or practicing orthodontics
orthodontics	n.	the branch of dentistry dealing with the prevention or correction of irregularities of the teeth
orthodontist	n.	a dentist specializing in the prevention or correction of irregularities of the teeth
orthodox	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Judaism
orthodox	adj.	adhering to what is commonly accepted
orthodox	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Eastern Orthodox Church
orthodoxy	n.	the quality of being orthodox (especially in religion)
orthodoxy	n.	a belief or orientation agreeing with conventional standards
orthogonal	adj.	not pertinent to the matter under consideration
orthogonal	adj.	statistically unrelated
orthogonal	adj.	having a set of mutually perpendicular axes; meeting at right angles
orthogonality	n.	the relation of opposition between things at right angles
orthogonality	n.	the quality of lying or intersecting at right angles
orthographic	adj.	of or relating to or expressed in orthography
orthography	n.	a method of representing the sounds of a language by written or printed symbols
orthopedic	adj.	of or relating to orthopedics
orthopedics	n.	the branch of medical science concerned with disorders or deformities of the spine and joints
orthopedist	n.	a specialist in correcting deformities of the skeletal system (especially in children)
orwell	n.	imaginative British writer concerned with social justice (1903-1950)
orwellian	adj.	of or relating to the works of George Orwell (especially his picture of a future totalitarian state)
orzo	n.	pasta shaped like pearls of barley; frequently prepared with lamb in Greek cuisine
os	n.	a mouth or mouthlike opening
os	n.	a hard brittle blue-grey or blue-black metallic element that is one of the platinum metals; the heaviest metal known
os	n.	(computer science) software that controls the execution of computer programs and may provide various services
os	n.	the left eye
os	n.	rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates
os	n.	a nonmetallic bivalent element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless nonflammable diatomic gas; constitutes 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume; the most abundant element in the earth's crust
os	n.	the 15th letter of the Roman alphabet
os	n.	the blood group whose red cells carry neither the A nor B antigens
osage	n.	a member of the Siouan people formerly living in Missouri in the valleys of the Missouri and Osage rivers; oil was found on Osage lands early in the 20th century
osage	n.	a river in Missouri that is a tributary of the Missouri River
osage	n.	the Dhegiha dialect spoken by the Osage
osaka	n.	port city on southern Honshu on Osaka Bay; a commercial and industrial center of Japan
osborne	n.	English playwright (1929-1994)
oscar	n.	an annual award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for achievements in motion picture production and performance
oscillate	v.	be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action
oscillate	v.	move or swing from side to side regularly
oscillation	n.	the process of oscillating between states
oscillation	n.	(physics) a regular periodic variation in value about a mean
oscillation	n.	a single complete execution of a periodically repeated phenomenon
oscillator	n.	generator that produces sonic oscillations or alternating current
oscillatory	adj.	having periodic vibrations
oscilloscope	n.	electronic equipment that provides visual images of varying electrical quantities
osculate	v.	be intermediate between two taxonomic groups
osculate	v.	have at least three points in common with
osculate	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
osculation	n.	(mathematics) a contact of two curves (or two surfaces) at which they have a common tangent
osculation	n.	the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof)
oses	n.	a mouth or mouthlike opening
oses	n.	a hard brittle blue-grey or blue-black metallic element that is one of the platinum metals; the heaviest metal known
oses	n.	(computer science) software that controls the execution of computer programs and may provide various services
oses	n.	the left eye
oses	n.	rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates
osha	n.	a government agency in the Department of Labor to maintain a safe and healthy work environment
osier	n.	flexible twig of a willow tree
osier	n.	any of various willows having pliable twigs used in basketry and furniture
osiris	n.	Egyptian god of the underworld and judge of the dead; husband and brother of Isis; father of Horus
oslo	n.	the capital and largest city of Norway; the country's main port; located at the head of a fjord on Norway's southern coast
osmium	n.	a hard brittle blue-grey or blue-black metallic element that is one of the platinum metals; the heaviest metal known
osmosis	n.	(biology, chemistry) diffusion of molecules through a semipermeable membrane from a place of higher concentration to a place of lower concentration until the concentration on both sides is equal
osmotic	adj.	of or relating to osmosis
osprey	n.	large harmless hawk found worldwide that feeds on fish and builds a bulky nest often occupied for years
ossicles	n.	a small bone; especially one in the middle ear
ossification	n.	the developmental process of bone formation
ossification	n.	the calcification of soft tissue into a bonelike material
ossification	n.	the process of becoming rigidly fixed in a conventional pattern of thought or behavior
ossification	n.	hardened conventionality
ossify	v.	become bony
ossify	v.	make rigid and set into a conventional pattern
ossify	v.	cause to become hard and bony
ostensible	adj.	appearing as such but not necessarily so
ostensible	adj.	represented or appearing as such; pretended
ostensibly	adv.	from appearances alone; ; ; -Thomas Hardy
ostentation	n.	a gaudy outward display
ostentation	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
ostentation	n.	pretentious or showy or vulgar display
ostentatious	adj.	intended to attract notice and impress others
ostentatious	adj.	(of a display) tawdry or vulgar
osteoarthritis	n.	chronic breakdown of cartilage in the joints; the most common form of arthritis occurring usually after middle age
osteopath	n.	a therapist who manipulates the skeleton and muscles
osteopaths	n.	a therapist who manipulates the skeleton and muscles
osteopathy	n.	therapy based on the assumption that restoring health is best accomplished by manipulating the skeleton and muscles
osteoporosis	n.	abnormal loss of bony tissue resulting in fragile porous bones attributable to a lack of calcium; most common in postmenopausal women
ostler	n.	someone employed in a stable to take care of the horses
ostracism	n.	the state of being banished or ostracized (excluded from society by general consent)
ostracism	n.	the act of excluding someone from society by general consent
ostracize	v.	expel from a community or group
ostracize	v.	avoid speaking to or dealing with
ostrich	n.	a person who refuses to face reality or recognize the truth (a reference to the popular notion that the ostrich hides from danger by burying its head in the sand)
ostrich	n.	fast-running African flightless bird with two-toed feet; largest living bird
ostrogoth	n.	a member of the eastern group of Goths who created a kingdom in northern Italy around 500 AD
ostwald	n.	German chemist (1853-1932)
oswald	n.	United States assassin of President John F. Kennedy (1939-1963)
otc	adj.	(of securities) not traded on a stock exchange
othello	n.	the hero of William Shakespeare's tragedy who would not trust his wife
other	adj.	not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White Queen
other	adj.	recently past
other	adj.	belonging to the distant past
other	adj.	very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expected; - Lance Morrow
otherwise	adj.	other than as supposed or expected
otherwise	adv.	in other respects or ways
otherwise	adv.	in another and different manner
otherworldly	adj.	existing outside of or not in accordance with nature; -Aldous Huxley
otiose	adj.	serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being
otiose	adj.	producing no result or effect
otiose	adj.	disinclined to work or exertion
otis	n.	United States inventor who manufactured the first elevator with a safety device (1811-1861)
otis	n.	type genus of the Otididae: European bustard
ottawa	n.	a member of the Algonquian people of southern Ontario
ottawa	n.	a river in southeastern Canada that flows along the boundary between Quebec and Ontario to the Saint Lawrence River near Montreal
ottawa	n.	the capital of Canada (located in southeastern Ontario across the Ottawa river from Quebec)
otter	n.	the fur of an otter
otter	n.	freshwater carnivorous mammal having webbed and clawed feet and dark brown fur
ottoman	n.	a Turk (especially a Turk who is a member of the tribe of Osman I)
ottoman	n.	the Turkish dynasty that ruled the Ottoman Empire from the 13th century to its dissolution after World War I
ottoman	n.	thick cushion used as a seat
ottoman	n.	a low seat or a stool to rest the feet of a seated person
ottoman	adj.	of or relating to the Ottoman Empire or its people or its culture
oubliette	n.	a dungeon with the only entrance or exit being a trap door in the ceiling
ouija	n.	a board with the alphabet on it; used with a planchette to spell out supernatural messages
ounce	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to 480 grains or one twelfth of a pound
ounce	n.	a unit of weight equal to one sixteenth of a pound or 16 drams or 28.349 grams
ounce	n.	large feline of upland central Asia having long thick whitish fur
oust	v.	remove from a position or office
oust	v.	remove and replace
ouster	n.	a person who ousts or supplants someone else
ouster	n.	a wrongful dispossession
ouster	n.	the act of ejecting someone or forcing them out
out	n.	(baseball) a failure by a batter or runner to reach a base safely in baseball
out	v.	to state openly and publicly one's homosexuality
out	v.	reveal (something) about somebody's identity or lifestyle
out	v.	be made known; be disclosed or revealed
out	adj.	not allowed to continue to bat or run
out	adj.	being out or having grown cold
out	adj.	not worth considering as a possibility
out	adj.	out of power; especially having been unsuccessful in an election
out	adj.	excluded from use or mention
out	adj.	directed outward or serving to direct something outward
out	adj.	no longer fashionable
out	adj.	outside or external
out	adj.	outer or outlying
out	adj.	knocked unconscious by a heavy blow
out	adv.	away from home
out	adv.	moving or appearing to move away from a place, especially one that is enclosed or hidden
out	adv.	from one's possession
outage	n.	the amount of something (as whiskey or oil) lost in storage or transportation
outage	n.	a temporary suspension of operation (as of computers)
outback	n.	the bush country of the interior of Australia
outback	adj.	inaccessible and sparsely populated
outbalance	v.	weigh more heavily
outbid	v.	bid over an opponent's bid when one's partner has not bid or doubled
outbid	v.	bid higher than others
outbidding	v.	bid over an opponent's bid when one's partner has not bid or doubled
outbidding	v.	bid higher than others
outboard	n.	a motorboat with an outboard motor
outboard	n.	internal-combustion engine that mounts at stern of small boat
outboard	adj.	located away from the midline of a vessel or aircraft
outbound	adj.	that is going out or leaving
outbreak	n.	a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually of some undesirable condition)
outbuilding	n.	a building that is subordinate to and separate from a main building
outburst	n.	an unrestrained expression of emotion
outburst	n.	a sudden intense happening
outburst	n.	a sudden violent disturbance
outcast	n.	a person who is rejected (from society or home)
outcast	adj.	excluded from a society
outclass	v.	cause to appear in a lower class
outcome	n.	something that results
outcome	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
outcrop	n.	the part of a rock formation that appears above the surface of the surrounding land
outcrop	v.	appear on the surface, come to the surface on the ground
outcropped	v.	appear on the surface, come to the surface on the ground
outcropping	n.	the part of a rock formation that appears above the surface of the surrounding land
outcropping	v.	appear on the surface, come to the surface on the ground
outcry	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
outcry	v.	shout louder than
outcry	v.	utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy
outdated	adj.	old; no longer valid or fashionable
outdid	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outdid	v.	get the better of
outdistance	v.	go far ahead of
outdo	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outdo	v.	get the better of
outdoes	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outdoes	v.	get the better of
outdone	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outdone	v.	get the better of
outdoor	adj.	located, suited for, or taking place in the open air
outdoor	adj.	pertaining to or concerning the outdoors or outdoor activities
outdoors	n.	where the air is unconfined
outdoors	adv.	outside a building
outdoorsy	adj.	characteristic of or suitable to outdoor life
outdraw	v.	draw a gun faster, or best someone in a gunfight
outdrawn	v.	draw a gun faster, or best someone in a gunfight
outdrew	v.	draw a gun faster, or best someone in a gunfight
outercourse	n.	sexual stimulation without vaginal penetration
outermost	adj.	situated at the farthest possible point from a center
outerwear	n.	clothing for use outdoors
outface	v.	overcome or cause to waver or submit by (or as if by) staring
outfall	n.	the outlet of a river or drain or other source of water
outfield	n.	the area of a baseball playing field beyond the lines connecting the bases
outfielder	n.	(baseball) a person who plays in the outfield
outfielder	n.	a fielder in cricket who is stationed in the outfield
outfight	v.	to fight better than; get the better of
outfit	n.	any cohesive unit such as a military company
outfit	n.	a set of clothing (with accessories)
outfit	n.	gear consisting of a set of articles or tools for a specified purpose
outfit	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
outfitted	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
outfitted	adj.	furnished with essential equipment for a particular occupation or undertaking occupation
outfitted	adj.	equipped with appropriate wearing apparel and accessories; ; - Sir Walter Scott
outfitter	n.	someone who sells men's clothes
outfitter	n.	a shop that provides equipment for some specific purpose
outfitting	n.	the act of renovating and fitting out a ship
outfitting	v.	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose
outflank	v.	go around the flank of (an opposing army)
outflank	v.	get the better of
outflow	n.	the discharge of a fluid from some container
outflow	n.	the process of flowing out
outflow	n.	a natural flow of ground water
outfought	v.	to fight better than; get the better of
outfox	v.	outdo someone in trickery
outfox	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
outgo	n.	money paid out; an amount spent
outgo	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outgoes	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outgrew	v.	grow too large or too mature for
outgrew	v.	grow faster than
outgrow	v.	grow too large or too mature for
outgrow	v.	grow faster than
outgrown	v.	grow too large or too mature for
outgrown	v.	grow faster than
outgrowth	n.	a natural consequence of development
outgrowth	n.	the gradual beginning or coming forth
outgrowth	n.	a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant
outgrowths	n.	a natural consequence of development
outgrowths	n.	the gradual beginning or coming forth
outgrowths	n.	a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant
outguess	v.	attempt to anticipate or predict
outhouse	n.	a small outbuilding with a bench having holes through which a user can defecate
outing	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
outing	n.	a day devoted to an outdoor social gathering
outing	v.	to state openly and publicly one's homosexuality
outing	v.	reveal (something) about somebody's identity or lifestyle
outing	v.	be made known; be disclosed or revealed
outlandish	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
outlandishness	n.	strikingly out of the ordinary
outlast	v.	live longer than
outlaw	n.	someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime
outlaw	v.	declare illegal; outlaw
outlaw	adj.	contrary to or forbidden by law
outlaw	adj.	disobedient to or defiant of law
outlay	n.	the act of spending or disbursing money
outlay	n.	money paid out; an amount spent
outlet	n.	a place of business for retailing goods
outlet	n.	receptacle providing a place in a wiring system where current can be taken to run electrical devices
outlet	n.	an opening that permits escape or release
outlet	n.	activity that frees or expresses creative energy or emotion
outlier	n.	a person who lives away from his place of work
outlier	n.	an extreme deviation from the mean
outline	n.	the line that appears to bound an object
outline	n.	a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory
outline	n.	a schematic or preliminary plan
outline	v.	describe roughly or briefly or give the main points or summary of
outline	v.	draw up an outline or sketch for something
outline	v.	trace the shape of
outlive	v.	live longer than
outlook	n.	a habitual or characteristic mental attitude that determines how you will interpret and respond to situations
outlook	n.	belief about (or mental picture of) the future
outlook	n.	the act of looking out
outlying	adj.	relatively far from a center or middle
outmaneuver	v.	defeat by more skillful maneuvering
outmatch	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outmoded	v.	make unfashionable, outdated, or obsolete
outmoded	adj.	out of fashion
outnumber	v.	be larger in number
outpace	v.	surpass in speed
outpatient	n.	a patient who does not reside in the hospital where he is being treated
outperform	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outplay	v.	excel or defeat in a game
outpoint	v.	sail closer to the wind than
outpoint	v.	score more points than one's opponents
outpost	n.	a station in a remote or sparsely populated location
outpost	n.	a settlement on the frontier of civilization
outpost	n.	a military post stationed at a distance from the main body of troops
outpouring	n.	a natural flow of ground water
outpouring	n.	a sudden rapid flow (as of water)
outpouring	n.	the pouring forth of a fluid
outpouring	n.	the rapid and continuous delivery of linguistic communication (spoken or written)
outpouring	n.	a large flow
output	n.	final product; the things produced
output	n.	production of a certain amount
output	n.	signal that comes out of an electronic system
output	n.	the quantity of something (as a commodity) that is created (usually within a given period of time)
output	n.	what is produced in a given time period
output	v.	to create or manufacture a specific amount
outputted	v.	to create or manufacture a specific amount
outputting	v.	to create or manufacture a specific amount
outrage	n.	a feeling of righteous anger
outrage	n.	a wantonly cruel act
outrage	n.	a disgraceful event
outrage	n.	the act of scandalizing
outrage	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
outrage	v.	violate the sacred character of a place or language
outrage	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
outrageous	adj.	grossly offensive to decency or morality; causing horror
outrageous	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
outran	v.	run faster than
outrank	v.	take precedence or surpass others in rank
outre	adj.	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
outreach	n.	the act of reaching out
outrider	n.	an escort who rides ahead (as a member of the vanguard)
outrigger	n.	a stabilizer for a canoe; spars attach to a shaped log or float parallel to the hull
outright	adj.	without reservation or exception
outright	adv.	without restrictions or stipulations or further payments
outright	adv.	without reservation or concealment
outright	adv.	without any delay
outrun	v.	run faster than
outrunning	v.	run faster than
outscore	v.	score more points than one's opponents
outsell	v.	be sold more often than other, similar products
outsell	v.	sell more than others
outset	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
outshine	v.	shine brighter than
outshine	v.	attract more attention and praise than others
outshone	v.	shine brighter than
outshone	v.	attract more attention and praise than others
outshout	v.	shout louder than
outside	n.	the region that is outside of something
outside	n.	the outer side or surface of something
outside	adj.	relating to or being on or near the outer side or limit
outside	adj.	coming from the outside
outside	adj.	originating or belonging beyond some bounds:
outside	adj.	located, suited for, or taking place in the open air
outside	adj.	functioning outside the boundaries or precincts of an organized unit
outside	adj.	leading to or from the outside
outside	adj.	from or between other countries
outside	adj.	very unlikely
outside	adj.	on or toward an outer edge
outside	adj.	(of a baseball pitch) on the far side of home plate from the batter
outside	adv.	outside a building
outside	adv.	on the outside
outsider	n.	someone who is excluded from or is not a member of a group
outsider	n.	a contestant (human or animal) not considered to have a good chance to win
outsize	n.	an unusual garment size (especially one that is very large)
outsize	adj.	larger than normal for its kind
outskirt	n.	a part of the city far removed from the center
outsmart	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
outsmart	v.	defeat by more skillful maneuvering
outsold	v.	be sold more often than other, similar products
outsold	v.	sell more than others
outsource	v.	obtain goods or services from an outside supplier; to contract work out
outsourcing	v.	obtain goods or services from an outside supplier; to contract work out
outspoken	adj.	given to expressing yourself freely or insistently
outspoken	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
outspokenness	n.	the trait of being blunt and outspoken
outspread	adj.	fully extended in width
outstanding	adj.	distinguished from others in excellence
outstanding	adj.	having a quality that thrusts itself into attention
outstanding	adj.	owed as a debt
outstanding	adj.	of major significance or importance
outstation	n.	a station in a remote or sparsely populated location
outstay	v.	stay too long
outstay	v.	surpass in staying power
outstrip	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outstrip	v.	go far ahead of
outstripped	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outstripped	v.	go far ahead of
outstripping	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
outstripping	v.	go far ahead of
outtake	n.	a scene that is filmed but is not used in the final editing of the film
outvote	v.	defeat by a majority of votes
outward	adj.	relating to physical reality rather than with thoughts or the mind
outward	adj.	that is going out or leaving
outward	adv.	toward the outside
outwear	v.	last longer than others
outwear	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
outweigh	v.	be heavier than
outweigh	v.	weigh more heavily
outweighs	v.	be heavier than
outweighs	v.	weigh more heavily
outwit	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
outwitted	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
outwitting	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
outwore	v.	last longer than others
outwore	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
outwork	n.	subsidiary defensive structure lying outside the main fortified area
outworn	v.	last longer than others
outworn	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
ouzo	n.	a Greek liquor flavored with anise
ova	n.	the female reproductive cell; the female gamete
oval	n.	a closed plane curve resulting from the intersection of a circular cone and a plane cutting completely through it
oval	adj.	rounded like an egg
ovarian	adj.	of or involving the ovaries
ovary	n.	the organ that bears the ovules of a flower
ovary	n.	(vertebrates) one of usually two organs that produce ova and secrete estrogen and progesterone
ovate	adj.	of a leaf shape; egg-shaped with the broader end at the base
ovate	adj.	rounded like an egg
ovation	n.	enthusiastic recognition (especially one accompanied by loud applause)
oven	n.	kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting
ovenbird	n.	American warbler; builds a dome-shaped nest on the ground
ovenbird	n.	small brownish South American birds that build oven-shaped clay nests
ovenware	n.	heat-resistant dishware in which food can be cooked as well as served
over	n.	(cricket) the division of play during which six balls are bowled at the batsman by one player from the other team from the same end of the pitch
over	adj.	having come or been brought to a conclusion
over	adv.	at or to a point across intervening space etc.
over	adv.	throughout an area
over	adv.	throughout a period of time
over	adv.	beyond the top or upper surface or edge; forward from an upright position
over	adv.	over the entire area
overabundance	n.	the state of being more than full
overabundance	n.	a quantity that is more than what is appropriate
overabundant	adj.	excessively abundant
overachieve	v.	perform better or achieve a greater degree of success than expected
overachiever	n.	a student who attains higher standards than the IQ indicated
overact	v.	exaggerate one's acting
overage	n.	a surplus or excess of money or merchandise that is actually on hand and that exceeds expectations
overage	adj.	too old to be useful; - Anthony Trollope
overall	n.	(usually plural) work clothing consisting of denim trousers (usually with a bib and shoulder straps)
overall	n.	a loose protective coverall or smock worn over ordinary clothing for dirty work
overall	adj.	involving only main features
overall	adj.	including everything
overalls	n.	(usually plural) work clothing consisting of denim trousers (usually with a bib and shoulder straps)
overalls	n.	a loose protective coverall or smock worn over ordinary clothing for dirty work
overambitious	adj.	excessively ambitious
overanxious	adj.	anxious or nervous to an excessive degree
overarching	v.	be central or dominant
overarching	v.	form an arch over
overarm	adj.	with hand brought forward and down from above shoulder level
overawe	v.	subdue, restrain, or overcome by affecting with a feeling of awe; frighten (as with threats)
overbalance	v.	weigh more heavily
overbalance	v.	cause to be off balance
overbear	v.	overcome
overbear	v.	bear too much
overbear	v.	contract the abdominal muscles during childbirth to ease delivery
overbearing	v.	overcome
overbearing	v.	bear too much
overbearing	v.	contract the abdominal muscles during childbirth to ease delivery
overbearing	adj.	expecting unquestioning obedience
overbearing	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
overbid	n.	a bid that is higher than preceding bids
overbid	n.	(bridge) a bid that is higher than your opponent's bid (especially when your partner has not bid at all and your bid exceeds the value of your hand)
overbid	v.	to bid for more tricks than one can expect to win,
overbid	v.	bid more than the object is worth
overbidding	v.	to bid for more tricks than one can expect to win,
overbidding	v.	bid more than the object is worth
overbite	n.	(dentistry) malocclusion in which the upper teeth extend abnormally far over the lower teeth
overblown	adj.	puffed up with vanity; ; ; ; - Newsweek
overblown	adj.	past the stage of full bloom
overboard	adv.	to extremes
overboard	adv.	from on board a vessel into the water
overbold	adj.	improperly forward or bold
overbore	v.	overcome
overbore	v.	bear too much
overbore	v.	contract the abdominal muscles during childbirth to ease delivery
overborne	v.	overcome
overborne	v.	bear too much
overborne	v.	contract the abdominal muscles during childbirth to ease delivery
overburden	n.	the surface soil that must be moved away to get at coal seams and mineral deposits
overburden	n.	an excessive burden
overburden	v.	burden with too much work or responsibility
overburden	v.	load with excessive weight
overcame	v.	win a victory over
overcame	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
overcame	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overcame	v.	overcome, usually through no fault or weakness of the person that is overcome
overcapitalize	v.	estimate the capital value of (a company) at an unreasonably or unlawfully high level
overcapitalize	v.	overestimate the market value of
overcapitalize	v.	capitalize beyond what the business or the profit-making prospects warrant
overcareful	adj.	excessively or unduly careful
overcast	n.	the state of the sky when it is covered by clouds
overcast	n.	gloomy semidarkness caused by cloud cover
overcast	n.	a long whipstitch or overhand stitch overlying an edge to prevent raveling
overcast	n.	a cast that falls beyond the intended spot
overcast	v.	make overcast or cloudy
overcast	v.	sew over the edge of with long slanting wide stitches
overcast	v.	sew with an overcast stitch from one section to the next
overcast	adj.	filled or abounding with clouds
overcautious	adj.	unnecessarily cautious
overcharge	n.	a price that is too high
overcharge	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
overcharge	v.	place too much a load on
overcloud	v.	become covered with clouds
overcloud	v.	make obscure or unclear
overcoat	n.	a heavy coat worn over clothes in winter
overcoat	n.	an additional protective coating (as of paint or varnish)
overcome	v.	win a victory over
overcome	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
overcome	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overcome	v.	overcome, usually through no fault or weakness of the person that is overcome
overcompensate	v.	make up for shortcomings or a feeling of inferiority by exaggerating good qualities
overcompensate	v.	make excessive corrections for fear of making an error
overcompensation	n.	(psychiatry) an attempt to overcome a real or imagined defect or unwanted trait by overly exaggerating its opposite
overcompensation	n.	excessive compensation
overconfidence	n.	total certainty or greater certainty than circumstances warrant
overconfident	adj.	marked by excessive confidence
overcook	v.	cook too long
overcritical	adj.	inclined to judge too severely
overcrowd	v.	cause to crowd together too much
overcrowd	v.	crowd together too much
overcrowding	v.	cause to crowd together too much
overcrowding	v.	crowd together too much
overdid	v.	do something to an excessive degree
overdo	v.	do something to an excessive degree
overdoes	v.	do something to an excessive degree
overdone	v.	do something to an excessive degree
overdone	adj.	represented as greater than is true or reasonable
overdone	adj.	cooked too long but still edible
overdose	v.	dose too heavily
overdraft	n.	a draft in excess of the credit balance
overdraw	v.	draw more money from than is available
overdraw	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
overdrawn	v.	draw more money from than is available
overdrawn	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
overdress	v.	dress too warmly
overdress	v.	put on special clothes to appear particularly appealing and attractive
overdrew	v.	draw more money from than is available
overdrew	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
overdrive	n.	the state of high or excessive activity or productivity or concentration
overdrive	n.	a high gear used at high speeds to maintain the driving speed with less output power
overdrive	v.	drive or work too hard
overdrive	v.	make use of too often or too extensively
overdue	adj.	past due; not paid at the scheduled time
overeager	adj.	excessively eager
overeat	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
overemotional	adj.	excessively or abnormally emotional
overemphasis	n.	too much emphasis
overemphasize	v.	place special or excessive emphasis on
overenthusiastic	adj.	unduly enthusiastic
overestimate	n.	an appraisal that is too high
overestimate	n.	a calculation that results in an estimate that is too high
overestimate	v.	make too high an estimate of
overestimate	v.	assign too high a value to
overestimation	n.	an appraisal that is too high
overestimation	n.	a calculation that results in an estimate that is too high
overexert	v.	exert (oneself) excessively and go beyond one's strength
overexertion	n.	excessive exertion; so much exertion that discomfort or injury results
overexpose	v.	expose to too much light
overexpose	v.	expose excessively
overexposure	n.	the act of exposing film to too much light or for too long a time
overexposure	n.	the act of exposing someone excessively to an influencing experience
overextend	v.	strain excessively
overfed	adj.	too well nourished
overfeed	v.	feed excessively
overfill	v.	fill beyond capacity
overflew	v.	fly over
overflight	n.	a flight by an aircraft over a particular area (especially over an area in foreign territory)
overflow	n.	a large flow
overflow	n.	the occurrence of surplus liquid (as water) exceeding the limit or capacity
overflow	v.	flow or run over (a limit or brim)
overflow	v.	overflow with a certain feeling
overflown	v.	flow or run over (a limit or brim)
overflown	v.	overflow with a certain feeling
overflown	v.	fly over
overfly	v.	fly over
overfond	adj.	excessively fond
overfull	adj.	exceeding demand
overgeneralize	v.	draw too general a conclusion
overgenerous	adj.	very generous
overgrew	v.	grow too large
overgrew	v.	become overgrown
overgrew	v.	grow beyond or across
overgrow	v.	grow too large
overgrow	v.	become overgrown
overgrow	v.	grow beyond or across
overgrown	v.	grow too large
overgrown	v.	become overgrown
overgrown	v.	grow beyond or across
overgrown	adj.	covered with growing plants
overgrown	adj.	abounding in usually unwanted vegetation
overgrowth	n.	excessive size; usually caused by excessive secretion of growth hormone from the pituitary gland
overgrowth	n.	a profusion of growth on or over something else
overhand	adj.	with hand brought forward and down from above shoulder level
overhand	adj.	sewn together with overhand stitches (close vertical stitches that pass over and draw the two edges together)
overhang	n.	projection that extends beyond or hangs over something else
overhang	v.	project over
overhang	v.	be suspended over or hang over
overhasty	adj.	done with very great haste and without due deliberation; - Shakespeare; - Arthur Geddes
overhaul	n.	periodic maintenance on a car or machine
overhaul	n.	the act of improving by renewing and restoring
overhaul	v.	travel past
overhaul	v.	make repairs, renovations, revisions or adjustments to
overhead	n.	the expense of maintaining property (e.g., paying property taxes and utilities and insurance); it does not include depreciation or the cost of financing or income taxes
overhead	n.	(computer science) the processing time required by a device prior to the execution of a command
overhead	n.	(computer science) the disk space required for information that is not data but is used for location and timing
overhead	n.	a transparency for use with an overhead projector
overhead	n.	(nautical) the top surface of an enclosed space on a ship
overhead	n.	a hard return hitting the tennis ball above your head
overhead	adj.	located or originating from above
overhead	adv.	above your head; in the sky
overhead	adv.	above the head; over the head
overhear	v.	hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers
overheard	v.	hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers
overheat	v.	get excessively and undesirably hot
overheat	v.	make excessively or undesirably hot
overhung	v.	project over
overhung	v.	be suspended over or hang over
overindulge	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
overindulgence	n.	excessive indulgence
overindulgent	adj.	excessively indulgent
overjoy	v.	cause to feel extremely joyful or happy
overkill	n.	the capability to obliterate a target with more weapons (especially nuclear weapons) than are required
overkill	n.	any effort that seems to go farther than would be necessary to achieve its goal
overladen	adj.	loaded past capacity
overlaid	v.	put something on top of something else
overlaid	v.	kill by lying on
overlain	v.	lie upon; lie on top of
overlain	v.	kill by lying on
overland	adj.	traveling or passing over land
overlap	n.	a representation of common ground between theories or phenomena
overlap	n.	the property of partial coincidence in time
overlap	n.	a flap that lies over another part
overlap	v.	coincide partially or wholly
overlap	v.	extend over and cover a part of
overlapped	v.	coincide partially or wholly
overlapped	v.	extend over and cover a part of
overlapping	n.	covering with a design in which one element covers a part of another (as with tiles or shingles)
overlapping	v.	coincide partially or wholly
overlapping	v.	extend over and cover a part of
overlarge	adj.	excessively large
overlay	n.	protective covering consisting, for example, of a layer of boards applied to the studs and joists of a building to strengthen it and serve as a foundation for a weatherproof exterior
overlay	n.	a layer of decorative material (such as gold leaf or wood veneer) applied over a surface
overlay	v.	put something on top of something else
overlay	v.	kill by lying on
overlay	v.	lie upon; lie on top of
overleaf	adv.	on or to the other side of a page
overlie	v.	lie upon; lie on top of
overlie	v.	kill by lying on
overload	n.	an electrical load that exceeds the available electrical power
overload	n.	an excessive burden
overload	v.	become overloaded
overload	v.	fill to excess so that function is impaired
overload	v.	place too much a load on
overlook	n.	a high place affording a good view
overlook	v.	look past, fail to notice
overlook	v.	be oriented in a certain direction
overlook	v.	leave undone or leave out
overlook	v.	look down on
overlook	v.	watch over
overlord	n.	a person who has general authority over others
overly	adv.	to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits
overmaster	v.	overcome by superior force
overmodest	adj.	affectedly modest or shy especially in a playful or provocative way
overmuch	n.	a quantity that is more than what is appropriate
overmuch	adj.	very great in quantity; overabundant
overmuch	adv.	more than necessary
overnice	adj.	excessively fastidious and easily disgusted
overnight	adj.	lasting, open, or operating through the whole night
overnight	adv.	during or for the length of one night
overnight	adv.	happening in a short time or with great speed
overpaid	v.	pay too much
overpass	n.	bridge formed by the upper level of a crossing of two highways at different levels
overpay	v.	pay too much
overplay	v.	exaggerate one's acting
overpopulate	v.	cause to have too great a population
overpopulation	n.	too much population
overpower	v.	overcome by superior force
overpower	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overpowering	v.	overcome by superior force
overpowering	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overpowering	adj.	so strong as to be irresistible
overpraise	v.	praise excessively
overprice	v.	price excessively high
overprint	n.	something added by overprinting
overprint	v.	print (additional text or colors) onto an already imprinted paper
overproduce	v.	produce in excess; produce more than needed or wanted
overproduce	v.	produce in excess
overproduction	n.	too much production or more than expected
overprotect	v.	care for like a mother
overprotect	v.	protect excessively
overran	v.	invade in great numbers
overran	v.	occupy in large numbers or live on a host
overran	v.	flow or run over (a limit or brim)
overran	v.	seize the position of and defeat
overran	v.	run beyond or past
overrate	v.	make too high an estimate of
overreach	v.	fail by aiming too high or trying too hard
overreach	v.	beat through cleverness and wit
overreact	v.	show an exaggerated response to something
overreaction	n.	an excessive reaction; a reaction with inappropriate emotional behavior
overrefined	v.	refine too much or with excess of subtlety
overrefined	adj.	excessively delicate or refined
overridden	v.	rule against
overridden	v.	prevail over
overridden	v.	counteract the normal operation of (an automatic gear shift in a vehicle)
overridden	v.	ride (a horse) too hard
override	n.	a manually operated device to correct the operation of an automatic device
override	n.	the act of nullifying; making null and void; counteracting or overriding the effect or force of something
override	v.	rule against
override	v.	prevail over
override	v.	counteract the normal operation of (an automatic gear shift in a vehicle)
override	v.	ride (a horse) too hard
overripe	adj.	too ripe and beginning to turn soft
overrode	v.	rule against
overrode	v.	prevail over
overrode	v.	counteract the normal operation of (an automatic gear shift in a vehicle)
overrode	v.	ride (a horse) too hard
overrule	v.	rule against
overrun	n.	too much production or more than expected
overrun	v.	invade in great numbers
overrun	v.	occupy in large numbers or live on a host
overrun	v.	flow or run over (a limit or brim)
overrun	v.	seize the position of and defeat
overrun	v.	run beyond or past
overrunning	v.	invade in great numbers
overrunning	v.	occupy in large numbers or live on a host
overrunning	v.	flow or run over (a limit or brim)
overrunning	v.	seize the position of and defeat
overrunning	v.	run beyond or past
oversaw	v.	watch and direct
oversea	adj.	being or passing over or across the sea
oversea	adv.	beyond or across the sea
oversee	v.	watch and direct
overseeing	v.	watch and direct
overseen	v.	watch and direct
overseer	n.	a person who directs and manages an organization
oversensitive	adj.	unduly sensitive or thin-skinned
oversensitiveness	n.	sensitivity leading to easy irritation or upset
oversexed	adj.	having excessive sexual desire or appeal
overshadow	v.	be greater in significance than
overshadow	v.	make appear small by comparison
overshadow	v.	cast a shadow upon
overshoe	n.	footwear that protects your shoes from water or snow or cold
overshoot	n.	an approach that fails and gives way to another attempt
overshoot	v.	shoot beyond or over (a target)
overshoot	v.	aim too high
overshot	v.	shoot beyond or over (a target)
overshot	v.	aim too high
overshot	adj.	having an upper part projecting beyond the lower
oversight	n.	an unintentional omission resulting from failure to notice something
oversight	n.	management by overseeing the performance or operation of a person or group
oversight	n.	a mistake resulting from inattention
oversimplification	n.	an act of excessive simplification; the act of making something seem simpler than it really is
oversimplification	n.	a simplification that goes too far (to the point of misrepresentation)
oversimplify	v.	simplify to an excessive degree
oversimplify	v.	make too simple
oversize	adj.	larger than normal for its kind
oversleep	v.	sleep longer than intended
overslept	v.	sleep longer than intended
overspecialize	v.	become overly specialized
overspend	v.	spend more than available of (a budget)
overspend	v.	spend at a high rate
overspent	v.	spend more than available of (a budget)
overspent	v.	spend at a high rate
overspread	v.	spread across or over
overstate	v.	to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
overstatement	n.	making to seem more important than it really is
overstay	v.	stay too long
overstep	v.	pass beyond (limits or boundaries)
overstep	v.	be superior or better than some standard
overstepped	v.	pass beyond (limits or boundaries)
overstepped	v.	be superior or better than some standard
overstepping	v.	pass beyond (limits or boundaries)
overstepping	v.	be superior or better than some standard
overstock	v.	stock excessively
overstretch	v.	strain abnormally
overstrung	adj.	being in a tense state
overstrung	adj.	too tightly strung
overstuffed	v.	stuff too much
overstuffed	adj.	upholstered thickly and deeply
oversupply	n.	the quality of being so overabundant that prices fall
oversupply	v.	supply with an excess of
oversuspicious	adj.	unduly suspicious
overt	adj.	open and observable; not secret or hidden
overtake	v.	catch up with and possibly overtake
overtake	v.	travel past
overtake	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overtaken	v.	catch up with and possibly overtake
overtaken	v.	travel past
overtaken	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overtax	v.	tax excessively
overthrew	v.	cause the downfall of; of rulers
overthrew	v.	rule against
overthrow	n.	the termination of a ruler or institution (especially by force)
overthrow	n.	the act of disturbing the mind or body
overthrow	v.	cause the downfall of; of rulers
overthrow	v.	rule against
overthrown	v.	cause the downfall of; of rulers
overthrown	v.	rule against
overtime	n.	work done in addition to regular working hours
overtime	n.	playing time beyond regulation, to break a tie
overtime	adv.	beyond the regular time
overtire	v.	tire excessively
overtone	n.	(usually plural) an ulterior implicit meaning or quality
overtone	n.	a harmonic with a frequency that is a multiple of the fundamental frequency
overtook	v.	catch up with and possibly overtake
overtook	v.	travel past
overtook	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overture	n.	orchestral music played at the beginning of an opera or oratorio
overture	n.	something that serves as a preceding event or introduces what follows
overture	n.	a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others
overturn	n.	the act of upsetting something
overturn	n.	an improbable and unexpected victory
overturn	v.	turn from an upright or normal position
overturn	v.	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position
overturn	v.	rule against
overturn	v.	cause the downfall of; of rulers
overturn	v.	cancel officially
overturn	v.	change radically
overuse	n.	exploitation to the point of diminishing returns
overuse	v.	make use of too often or too extensively
overvaluation	n.	an appraisal that is too high
overvaluation	n.	too high a value or price assigned to something
overvalue	v.	assign too high a value to
overview	n.	a general summary of a subject
overweening	adj.	unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings
overweening	adj.	presumptuously arrogant; ; - S.V.Benet; - NY Times
overweight	n.	the property of excessive fatness
overweight	adj.	usually describes a large person who is fat but has a large frame to carry it
overwhelm	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overwhelm	v.	charge someone with too many tasks
overwhelm	v.	cover completely or make imperceptible
overwhelm	v.	overcome by superior force
overwhelming	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
overwhelming	v.	charge someone with too many tasks
overwhelming	v.	cover completely or make imperceptible
overwhelming	v.	overcome by superior force
overwhelming	adj.	so strong as to be irresistible
overwhelming	adj.	very intense
overwinter	v.	spend the winter
overwork	n.	the act of working too much or too long
overwork	v.	use too much
overwork	v.	work excessively hard
overwrite	v.	write new data on top of existing data and thus erase the previously existing data
overwritten	v.	write new data on top of existing data and thus erase the previously existing data
overwrote	v.	write new data on top of existing data and thus erase the previously existing data
overwrought	adj.	deeply agitated especially from emotion
overzealous	adj.	marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea
ovid	n.	Roman poet remembered for his elegiac verses on love (43 BC - AD 17)
oviduct	n.	either of a pair of tubes conducting the egg from the ovary to the uterus
oviparous	adj.	egg-laying
ovoid	n.	an egg-shaped object
ovoid	adj.	rounded like an egg
ovular	adj.	being or of the nature of an ovule
ovular	adj.	of or relating to an ovum
ovulate	v.	produce and discharge eggs
ovulation	n.	the expulsion of an ovum from the ovary (usually midway in the menstrual cycle)
ovule	n.	a small body that contains the female germ cell of a plant; develops into a seed after fertilization
ovule	n.	a small or immature ovum
ovum	n.	the female reproductive cell; the female gamete
owe	v.	be obliged to pay or repay
owe	v.	be indebted to, in an abstract or intellectual sense
owe	v.	be in debt
owen	n.	Welsh industrialist and social reformer who founded cooperative communities (1771-1858)
owen	n.	English comparative anatomist and paleontologist who was an opponent of Darwinism (1804-1892)
owens	n.	United States athlete and Black American whose success in the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin outraged Hitler (1913-1980)
owens	n.	Welsh industrialist and social reformer who founded cooperative communities (1771-1858)
owens	n.	English comparative anatomist and paleontologist who was an opponent of Darwinism (1804-1892)
owensboro	n.	a town in northwestern Kentucky on the Ohio River; a tobacco market
owl	n.	nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with front-facing eyes
owlet	n.	young owl
owlish	adj.	resembling an owl; solemn and wise in appearance
own	v.	have ownership or possession of
own	adj.	belonging to or on behalf of a specified person (especially yourself); preceded by a possessive
owner	n.	(law) someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business
owner	n.	a person who owns something
ownership	n.	the relation of an owner to the thing possessed; possession with the right to transfer possession to others
ownership	n.	the act of having and controlling property
ownership	n.	the state or fact of being an owner
ox	n.	an adult castrated bull of the genus Bos; especially Bos taurus
ox	n.	any of various wild bovines especially of the genera Bos or closely related Bibos
oxalate	n.	a salt or ester of oxalic acid
oxbow	n.	the land inside an oxbow bend in a river
oxbow	n.	a U-shaped curve in a stream
oxbow	n.	a wooden framework bent in the shape of a U; its upper ends are attached to the horizontal yoke and the loop goes around the neck of an ox
oxcart	n.	a cart that is drawn by an ox
oxford	n.	a city in southern England to the northwest of London; site of Oxford University
oxford	n.	a university town in northern Mississippi; home of William Faulkner
oxford	n.	a university in England
oxford	n.	a low shoe laced over the instep
oxidant	n.	a substance that oxidizes another substance
oxidase	n.	any of the enzymes that catalyze biological oxidation
oxidation	n.	the process of oxidizing; the addition of oxygen to a compound with a loss of electrons; always occurs accompanied by reduction
oxidative	adj.	taking place in the presence of oxygen
oxide	n.	any compound of oxygen with another element or a radical
oxidization	n.	the process of oxidizing; the addition of oxygen to a compound with a loss of electrons; always occurs accompanied by reduction
oxidize	v.	enter into a combination with oxygen or become converted into an oxide
oxidize	v.	add oxygen to or combine with oxygen
oxidizer	n.	a substance that oxidizes another substance
oxonian	n.	a native or resident of Oxford
oxonian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Oxford University
oxonian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the city of Oxford, England, or its inhabitants
oxtail	n.	the skinned tail of cattle; used especially for soups
oxyacetylene	n.	a mixture of oxygen and acetylene; used to create high temperatures for cutting or welding metals
oxygen	n.	a nonmetallic bivalent element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless nonflammable diatomic gas; constitutes 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume; the most abundant element in the earth's crust
oxygenate	v.	impregnate, combine, or supply with oxygen
oxygenation	n.	the process of providing or combining or treating with oxygen
oxymora	n.	conjoining contradictory terms (as in `deafening silence')
oxymoron	n.	conjoining contradictory terms (as in `deafening silence')
oyster	n.	marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters
oyster	n.	edible body of any of numerous oysters
oyster	n.	a small muscle on each side of the back of a fowl
oyster	v.	gather oysters, dig oysters
ozarks	n.	an area of low mountains in northwestern Arkansas and southeastern Missouri and northeastern Oklahoma
ozone	n.	a colorless gas (O3) soluble in alkalis and cold water; a strong oxidizing agent; can be produced by electric discharge in oxygen or by the action of ultraviolet radiation on oxygen in the stratosphere (where it acts as a screen for ultraviolet radiation)
p	n.	a multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen family that occurs commonly in inorganic phosphate rocks and as organic phosphates in all living cells; is highly reactive and occurs in several allotropic forms
p	n.	the 16th letter of the Roman alphabet
pa	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
pa	n.	a short-lived radioactive metallic element formed from uranium and disintegrating into actinium and then into lead
pa	n.	a unit of pressure equal to one newton per square meter
pa	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
pa	n.	an electronic amplification system used as a communication system in public areas
pablum	n.	a soft form of cereal for infants
pablum	n.	worthless or oversimplified ideas
pabulum	n.	any substance that can be used as food
pabulum	n.	insipid intellectual nourishment
pac	n.	committee formed by a special-interest group to raise money for their favorite political candidates
pace	n.	the rate of moving (especially walking or running)
pace	n.	the distance covered by a step
pace	n.	the relative speed of progress or change
pace	n.	a step in walking or running
pace	n.	the rate of some repeating event
pace	n.	a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally taken to be the average length of a stride
pace	v.	walk with slow or fast paces
pace	v.	go at a pace
pace	v.	measure (distances) by pacing
pace	v.	regulate or set the pace of
pacemaker	n.	a leading instance in its field
pacemaker	n.	a specialized bit of heart tissue that controls the heartbeat
pacemaker	n.	an implanted electronic device that takes over the function of the natural cardiac pacemaker
pacemaker	n.	a horse used to set the pace in racing
pacer	n.	a horse used to set the pace in racing
pacer	n.	a horse trained to a special gait in which both feet on one side leave the ground together
pacesetter	n.	a leading instance in its field
pacesetter	n.	a horse used to set the pace in racing
pachyderm	n.	any of various nonruminant hoofed mammals having very thick skin: elephant; rhinoceros; hippopotamus
pachysandra	n.	any plant of the genus Pachysandra; low-growing evergreen herbs or subshrubs having dentate leaves and used as ground cover
pacific	n.	the largest ocean in the world
pacific	adj.	relating to or bordering the Pacific Ocean
pacific	adj.	disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature
pacific	adj.	promoting peace
pacifically	adv.	in a peaceable manner
pacification	n.	the act of appeasing someone or causing someone to be more favorably inclined
pacification	n.	a treaty to cease hostilities
pacification	n.	actions taken by a government to defeat insurgency
pacifier	n.	someone who tries to bring peace
pacifier	n.	anything that serves to pacify
pacifier	n.	device used for an infant to suck or bite on
pacifism	n.	the doctrine that all violence is unjustifiable
pacifism	n.	the belief that all international disputes can be settled by arbitration
pacifist	n.	someone opposed to violence as a means of settling disputes
pacifist	adj.	opposed to war
pacifistic	adj.	opposed to war
pacify	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
pacify	v.	fight violence and try to establish peace in (a location)
pack	n.	a large indefinite number
pack	n.	a complete collection of similar things
pack	n.	a convenient package or parcel (as of cigarettes or film)
pack	n.	an association of criminals
pack	n.	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose
pack	n.	a group of hunting animals
pack	n.	a cream that cleanses and tones the skin
pack	n.	a sheet or blanket (either dry or wet) to wrap around the body for its therapeutic effect
pack	n.	a bundle (especially one carried on the back)
pack	v.	arrange in a container
pack	v.	fill to capacity
pack	v.	compress into a wad
pack	v.	carry, as on one's back
pack	v.	set up a committee or legislative body with one's own supporters so as to influence the outcome
pack	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
pack	v.	press tightly together or cram
pack	v.	hike with a backpack
pack	v.	press down tightly
pack	v.	seal with packing
pack	v.	have the property of being packable or of compacting easily
pack	v.	load with a pack
pack	v.	treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood
package	n.	a collection of things wrapped or boxed together
package	n.	a wrapped container
package	n.	(computer science) written programs or procedures or rules and associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and that are stored in read/write memory
package	v.	put into a box
packaging	n.	the business of packing
packaging	n.	a message issued in behalf of some product or cause or idea or person or institution
packaging	n.	material used to make packages
packaging	v.	put into a box
packer	n.	a workman employed to pack things into containers
packer	n.	a wholesaler in the meat-packing business
packer	n.	a hiker who wears a backpack
packet	n.	a collection of things wrapped or boxed together
packet	n.	(computer science) a message or message fragment
packet	n.	a small package or bundle
packet	n.	a boat for carrying mail
packinghouse	n.	a building where foodstuffs are processed and packed
packinghouse	n.	a plant where livestock are slaughtered and processed and packed as meat products
packsaddle	n.	a saddle for pack animals to which loads can be attached
pact	n.	a written agreement between two states or sovereigns
pad	n.	a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge
pad	n.	the large floating leaf of an aquatic plant (as the water lily)
pad	n.	a block of absorbent material saturated with ink; used to transfer ink evenly to a rubber stamp
pad	n.	a flat mass of soft material used for protection, stuffing, or comfort
pad	n.	a platform from which rockets or space craft are launched
pad	n.	temporary living quarters
pad	n.	the fleshy cushion-like underside of an animal's foot or of a human's finger
pad	v.	add details to
pad	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
pad	v.	line or stuff with soft material
pad	v.	add padding to
padded	v.	add details to
padded	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
padded	v.	line or stuff with soft material
padded	v.	add padding to
padded	adj.	softened by the addition of cushions or padding
padding	n.	artifact consisting of soft or resilient material used to fill or give shape or protect or add comfort
padding	v.	add details to
padding	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
padding	v.	line or stuff with soft material
padding	v.	add padding to
paddle	n.	small wooden bat with a flat surface; used for hitting balls in various games
paddle	n.	a blade of a paddle wheel or water wheel
paddle	n.	an instrument of punishment consisting of a flat board
paddle	n.	a short light oar used without an oarlock to propel a canoe or small boat
paddle	v.	propel with a paddle
paddle	v.	play in or as if in water, as of small children
paddle	v.	swim like a dog in shallow water
paddle	v.	walk unsteadily
paddle	v.	give a spanking to; subject to a spanking
paddle	v.	stir with a paddle
paddler	n.	someone paddling a canoe
paddock	n.	pen where racehorses are saddled and paraded before a race
paddy	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Irish descent
paddy	n.	an irrigated or flooded field where rice is grown
paddy	n.	rice in the husk either gathered or still in the field
paderewski	n.	Polish pianist who in 1919 served as the first Prime Minister of independent Poland (1860-1941)
padlock	n.	a detachable lock; has a hinged shackle that can be passed through the staple of a hasp or the links in a chain and then snapped shut
padlock	v.	fasten with a padlock
padre	n.	a chaplain in one of the military services
padre	n.	`Father' is a term of address for priests in some churches (especially the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Catholic Church); `Padre' is frequently used in the military
paean	n.	a formal expression of praise
paean	n.	(ancient Greece) a hymn of praise (especially one sung in ancient Greece to invoke or thank a deity)
paella	n.	saffron-flavored dish made of rice with shellfish and chicken
pagan	n.	a person who does not acknowledge your god
pagan	n.	a person who follows a polytheistic or pre-Christian religion (not a Christian or Muslim or Jew)
pagan	n.	someone motivated by desires for sensual pleasures
pagan	adj.	not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam
paganini	n.	Italian violinist and composer of music for the violin (1782-1840)
paganism	n.	any of various religions other than Christianity or Judaism or Islamism
page	n.	one side of one leaf (of a book or magazine or newspaper or letter etc.) or the written or pictorial matter it contains
page	n.	English industrialist who pioneered in the design and manufacture of aircraft (1885-1962)
page	n.	United States diplomat and writer about the Old South (1853-1922)
page	n.	a boy who is employed to run errands
page	n.	a youthful attendant at official functions or ceremonies such as legislative functions and weddings
page	n.	in medieval times a youth acting as a knight's attendant as the first stage in training for knighthood
page	v.	contact, as with a pager or by calling somebody's name over a P.A. system
page	v.	work as a page
page	v.	number the pages of a book or manuscript
pageant	n.	an elaborate representation of scenes from history etc; usually involves a parade with rich costumes
pageant	n.	a rich and spectacular ceremony
pageantry	n.	a rich and spectacular ceremony
pageantry	n.	an elaborate representation of scenes from history etc; usually involves a parade with rich costumes
pageboy	n.	a boy who is employed to run errands
pageboy	n.	a smooth hair style with the ends of the hair curled inward
pager	n.	an electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carrying it is being paged
paginate	v.	number the pages of a book or manuscript
pagination	n.	the system of numbering pages
pagoda	n.	an Asian temple; usually a pyramidal tower with an upward curving roof
pahlavi	n.	Shah of Iran who was deposed in 1979 by Islamic fundamentalists (1919-1980)
pahlavi	n.	the Iranian language of the Zoroastrian literature of the 3rd to 10th centuries
pahlavi	n.	the script (derived from the Aramaic alphabet) used to write the Pahlavi language
paid	v.	give money, usually in exchange for goods or services
paid	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
paid	v.	cancel or discharge a debt
paid	v.	bring in
paid	v.	do or give something to somebody in return
paid	v.	dedicate
paid	v.	be worth it
paid	v.	render
paid	v.	bear (a cost or penalty), in recompense for some action
paid	v.	make a compensation for
paid	v.	discharge or settle
paid	adj.	marked by the reception of pay
paid	adj.	involving gainful employment in something often done as a hobby
paid	adj.	yielding a fair profit
paige	n.	United States baseball player; a black pitcher noted for his longevity (1906-1982)
pail	n.	a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top
pail	n.	the quantity contained in a pail
pailful	n.	the quantity contained in a pail
pain	n.	a symptom of some physical hurt or disorder
pain	n.	emotional distress; a fundamental feeling that people try to avoid
pain	n.	a somatic sensation of acute discomfort
pain	n.	a bothersome annoying person
pain	n.	something or someone that causes trouble; a source of unhappiness
pain	v.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed
pain	v.	cause emotional anguish or make miserable
paine	n.	American Revolutionary leader and signer of the Declaration of Independence (1731-1814)
paine	n.	American Revolutionary leader and pamphleteer (born in England) who supported the American colonist's fight for independence and supported the French Revolution (1737-1809)
painful	adj.	causing physical or psychological pain
painful	adj.	causing misery or pain or distress
painful	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
painful	adj.	causing physical discomfort
painfulness	n.	emotional distress; a fundamental feeling that people try to avoid
painfulness	n.	the quality of being painful
painkiller	n.	a medicine used to relieve pain
painless	adj.	requiring little hard work or exertion
painless	adj.	not causing physical or psychological pain
painstaking	adj.	characterized by extreme care and great effort
paint	n.	a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a mixture of pigment suspended in a liquid); dries to form a hard coating
paint	n.	(basketball) a space (including the foul line) in front of the basket at each end of a basketball court; usually painted a different color from the rest of the court
paint	n.	makeup consisting of a pink or red powder applied to the cheeks
paint	v.	make a painting
paint	v.	apply paint to; coat with paint
paint	v.	make a painting of
paint	v.	apply a liquid to; e.g., paint the gutters with linseed oil
paintball	n.	a capsule filled with water-soluble dye used as a projectile in playing the game of paintball
paintball	n.	a game that simulates military combat; players on one team try to eliminate players on the opposing team by shooting capsules of paint at them
paintbox	n.	a box containing a collection of cubes or tubes of artists' paint
paintbrush	n.	a brush used as an applicator (to apply paint)
painted	v.	make a painting
painted	v.	apply paint to; coat with paint
painted	v.	make a painting of
painted	v.	apply a liquid to; e.g., paint the gutters with linseed oil
painted	adj.	coated with paint
painted	adj.	lacking substance or vitality as if produced by painting
painted	adj.	having makeup applied
painted	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
painter	n.	an artist who paints
painter	n.	a worker who is employed to cover objects with paint
painter	n.	a line that is attached to the bow of a boat and used for tying up (as when docking or towing)
painter	n.	large American feline resembling a lion
painting	n.	graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to a surface
painting	n.	creating a picture with paints
painting	n.	the act of applying paint to a surface
painting	n.	the occupation of a house painter
painting	v.	make a painting
painting	v.	apply paint to; coat with paint
painting	v.	make a painting of
painting	v.	apply a liquid to; e.g., paint the gutters with linseed oil
pair	n.	a set of two similar things considered as a unit
pair	n.	two items of the same kind
pair	n.	two people considered as a unit
pair	n.	a poker hand with 2 cards of the same value
pair	v.	form a pair or pairs
pair	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
pair	v.	occur in pairs
pair	v.	arrange in pairs
pair	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
paired	v.	form a pair or pairs
paired	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
paired	v.	occur in pairs
paired	v.	arrange in pairs
paired	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
paired	adj.	used of gloves, socks, etc.
paired	adj.	of leaves etc; growing in pairs on either side of a stem
paired	adj.	mated sexually
pairing	n.	the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes
pairing	n.	the act of grouping things or people in pairs
pairing	v.	form a pair or pairs
pairing	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
pairing	v.	occur in pairs
pairing	v.	arrange in pairs
pairing	v.	engage in sexual intercourse
paisley	n.	a soft wool fabric with a colorful swirled pattern of curved shapes
paiute	n.	a member of either of two Shoshonean peoples (northern Paiute and southern Paiute) related to the Aztecs and living in the southwestern United States
paiute	n.	the Shoshonean language spoken by the Paiute
pajama	n.	a pair of loose trousers tied by a drawstring around the waist; worn by men and women in some Asian countries
pajama	n.	(usually plural) loose-fitting nightclothes worn for sleeping or lounging; have a jacket top and trousers
pajamas	n.	a pair of loose trousers tied by a drawstring around the waist; worn by men and women in some Asian countries
pajamas	n.	(usually plural) loose-fitting nightclothes worn for sleeping or lounging; have a jacket top and trousers
pakistan	n.	a Muslim republic that occupies the heartland of ancient south Asian civilization in the Indus River valley; formerly part of India; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947
pakistani	n.	a native or inhabitant of Pakistan
pakistani	adj.	of or relating to Pakistan or its people or language
pal	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
pal	v.	become friends; act friendly towards
palace	n.	a large and stately mansion
palace	n.	the governing group of a kingdom
palace	n.	a large ornate exhibition hall
palace	n.	official residence of an exalted person (as a sovereign)
paladin	n.	someone who fights for a cause
palanquin	n.	a closed litter carried on the shoulders of four bearers
palatable	adj.	acceptable to the taste or mind
palatal	n.	a semivowel produced with the tongue near the palate (like the initial sound in the English word `yeast')
palatal	adj.	relating to or lying near the palate
palatal	adj.	produced with the front of the tongue near or touching the hard palate (as `y') or with the blade of the tongue near the hard palate (as `ch' in `chin' or `j' in `gin')
palatalize	v.	pronounce a consonant with the tongue against the palate
palate	n.	the upper surface of the mouth that separates the oral and nasal cavities
palatial	adj.	relating to or being a palace
palatial	adj.	suitable for or like a palace
palatinate	n.	a territory in southwestern Germany formerly ruled by the counts palatine
palatinate	n.	a territory under the jurisdiction of a count palatine
palatine	n.	any of various important officials in ancient Rome
palatine	n.	(Middle Ages) the lord of a palatinate who exercised sovereign powers over his lands
palatine	n.	the most important of the Seven Hills of Rome; supposedly the location of the first settlement and the site of many imperial palaces
palatine	n.	either of two irregularly shaped bones that form the back of the hard palate and helps to form the nasal cavity and the floor of the orbits
palatine	adj.	relating to or lying near the palate
palatine	adj.	of or relating to a count palatine and his royal prerogatives
palatine	adj.	of or relating to a palace
palaver	n.	flattery intended to persuade
palaver	n.	loud and confused and empty talk
palaver	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
palaver	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
palaver	v.	have a lengthy discussion, usually between people of different backgrounds
pale	n.	a wooden strip forming part of a fence
pale	v.	turn pale, as if in fear
pale	adj.	very light colored; highly diluted with white
pale	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
pale	adj.	lacking in vitality or interest or effectiveness
pale	adj.	abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress
pale	adj.	not full or rich
paleface	n.	(slang) a derogatory term for a white person (supposedly used by North American Indians)
paleness	n.	unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress)
paleness	n.	the property of having a naturally light complexion
paleness	n.	being deficient in color
paleocene	n.	from 63 million to 58 million years ago; appearance of birds and earliest mammals
paleographer	n.	an archeologist skilled in paleography
paleography	n.	the study of ancient forms of writing (and the deciphering of them)
paleolithic	n.	second part of the Stone Age beginning about 750,00 to 500,000 years BC and lasting until the end of the last ice age about 8,500 years BC
paleolithic	adj.	of or relating to the second period of the Stone Age (following the eolithic)
paleontologist	n.	a specialist in paleontology
paleontology	n.	the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains
paleozoic	n.	from 544 million to about 230 million years ago
paleozoic	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the Paleozoic era
palermo	n.	the capital of Sicily; located in northwestern Sicily; an important port for 3000 years
palestine	n.	a former British mandate on the east coast of the Mediterranean; divided between Jordan and Israel in 1948
palestine	n.	an ancient country in southwestern Asia on the east coast of the Mediterranean Sea; a place of pilgrimage for Christianity and Islam and Judaism
palestinian	n.	a descendant of the Arabs who inhabited Palestine
palestinian	adj.	of or relating to the area of Palestine and its inhabitants
palestrina	n.	Italian composer (1526-1594)
palette	n.	the range of colour characteristic of a particular artist or painting or school of art
palette	n.	board that provides a flat surface on which artists mix paints and the range of colors used
palette	n.	one of the rounded armor plates at the armpits of a suit of armor
palfrey	n.	especially a light saddle horse for a woman
palimony	n.	support paid by one half of an unmarried partnership after the relationship ends
palimpsest	n.	a manuscript (usually written on papyrus or parchment) on which more than one text has been written with the earlier writing incompletely erased and still visible
palindrome	n.	a word or phrase that reads the same backward as forward
paling	n.	a fence made of upright pickets
paling	v.	turn pale, as if in fear
paling	v.	become friends; act friendly towards
palisade	n.	fortification consisting of a strong fence made of stakes driven into the ground
palisade	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
palisades	n.	fortification consisting of a strong fence made of stakes driven into the ground
palisades	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
palish	adj.	slightly pale
pall	n.	a sudden numbing dread
pall	n.	burial garment in which a corpse is wrapped
pall	n.	hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)
pall	v.	become less interesting or attractive
pall	v.	cause to lose courage
pall	v.	cover with a pall
pall	v.	cause surfeit through excess though initially pleasing
pall	v.	cause to become flat
pall	v.	lose sparkle or bouquet
pall	v.	lose strength or effectiveness; become or appear boring, insipid, or tiresome (to)
pall	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
palladio	n.	highly original and much imitated Italian architect (1508-1580)
palladium	n.	a silver-white metallic element of the platinum group that resembles platinum; occurs in some copper and nickel ores; does not tarnish at ordinary temperatures and is used (alloyed with gold) in jewelry
pallbearer	n.	one of the mourners carrying the coffin at a funeral
pallet	n.	the range of colour characteristic of a particular artist or painting or school of art
pallet	n.	a portable platform for storing or moving goods that are stacked on it
pallet	n.	a hand tool with a flat blade used by potters for mixing and shaping clay
pallet	n.	a mattress filled with straw or a pad made of quilts; used as a bed
pallet	n.	board that provides a flat surface on which artists mix paints and the range of colors used
palliate	v.	lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of
palliate	v.	provide physical relief, as from pain
palliation	n.	easing the severity of a pain or a disease without removing the cause
palliation	n.	to act in such a way as to cause an offense to seem less serious
palliative	n.	remedy that alleviates pain without curing
palliative	adj.	moderating pain or sorrow by making it easier to bear
pallid	adj.	abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress
pallid	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
pallid	adj.	lacking in vitality or interest or effectiveness
pallidness	n.	unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress)
pallor	n.	unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress)
palm	n.	the inner surface of the hand from the wrist to the base of the fingers
palm	n.	a linear unit based on the length or width of the human hand
palm	n.	any plant of the family Palmae having an unbranched trunk crowned by large pinnate or palmate leaves
palm	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
palm	v.	touch, lift, or hold with the hands
palmate	adj.	(of the feet of water birds) having three toes connected by a thin fold of skin
palmate	adj.	of a leaf shape; having leaflets or lobes radiating from a common point
palmer	n.	United States golfer (born in 1929)
palmetto	n.	any of several low-growing palms with fan-shaped leaves
palmist	n.	fortuneteller who predicts your future by the lines on your palms
palmistry	n.	telling fortunes by lines on the palm of the hand
palmy	adj.	very lively and profitable
palmyra	n.	tall fan palm of Africa and India and Malaysia yielding a hard wood and sweet sap that is a source of palm wine and sugar; leaves used for thatching and weaving
palomino	n.	a horse of light tan or golden color with cream-colored or white mane and tail
palpable	adj.	capable of being perceived; especially capable of being handled or touched or felt
palpable	adj.	can be felt by palpation
palpably	adv.	so as to be palpable
palpate	v.	examine (a body part) by palpation
palpation	n.	a method of examination in which the examiner feels the size or shape or firmness or location of something (of body parts when the examiner is a health professional)
palpitate	v.	cause to throb or beat rapidly
palpitate	v.	shake with fast, tremulous movements
palpitate	v.	beat rapidly
palpitation	n.	a rapid and irregular heart beat
palpitation	n.	a shaky motion
palsy	n.	loss of the ability to move a body part
palsy	n.	a condition marked by uncontrollable tremor
palsy	v.	affect with palsy
paltriness	n.	worthlessness due to insignificance
paltry	adj.	not worth considering
paltry	adj.	contemptibly small in amount
pampas	n.	the vast grassy plains of northern Argentina
pamper	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
pampers	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
pamphlet	n.	a small book usually having a paper cover
pamphlet	n.	a brief treatise on a subject of interest; published in the form of a booklet
pamphleteer	n.	a writer of pamphlets (usually taking a partisan stand on public issues)
pan	n.	cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel
pan	n.	(Greek mythology) god of fields and woods and shepherds and flocks; represented as a man with goat's legs and horns and ears; identified with Roman Sylvanus or Faunus
pan	n.	shallow container made of metal
pan	n.	chimpanzees; more closely related to Australopithecus than to other pongids
pan	v.	make a sweeping movement
pan	v.	wash dirt in a pan to separate out the precious minerals
pan	v.	express a totally negative opinion of
panacea	n.	(Greek mythology) the goddess of healing; daughter of Aesculapius and sister of Hygeia
panacea	n.	hypothetical remedy for all ills or diseases; once sought by the alchemists
panache	n.	distinctive and stylish elegance
panache	n.	a feathered plume on a helmet
panama	n.	a republic on the Isthmus of Panama; achieved independence from Colombia in 1903
panama	n.	a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown
panamanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Panama
panamanian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Panama or its people
pancake	n.	a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle
pancreas	n.	a large elongated exocrine gland located behind the stomach; secretes pancreatic juice and insulin
pancreatic	adj.	of or involving the pancreas
pancreatitis	n.	inflammation of the pancreas; usually marked by abdominal pain
panda	n.	large black-and-white herbivorous mammal of bamboo forests of China and Tibet; in some classifications considered a member of the bear family or of a separate family Ailuropodidae
panda	n.	reddish-brown Old World raccoon-like carnivore; in some classifications considered unrelated to the giant pandas
pandemic	n.	an epidemic that is geographically widespread; occurring throughout a region or even throughout the world
pandemic	adj.	epidemic over a wide geographical area
pandemic	adj.	existing everywhere
pandemonium	n.	a state of extreme confusion and disorder
pander	n.	someone who procures customers for whores (in England they call a pimp a ponce)
pander	v.	yield (to); give satisfaction to
pander	v.	arrange for sexual partners for others
panderer	n.	someone who procures customers for whores (in England they call a pimp a ponce)
panderer	n.	a person who serves or caters to the vulgar passions or plans of others (especially in order to make money)
pandora	n.	(Greek mythology) the first woman; created by Hephaestus on orders from Zeus who presented her to Epimetheus along with a box filled with evils
pane	n.	sheet glass cut in shapes for windows or doors
pane	n.	a panel or section of panels in a wall or door
pane	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
panegyric	n.	a formal expression of praise
panegyric	adj.	formally expressing praise
panel	n.	sheet that forms a distinct (usually flat and rectangular) section or component of something
panel	n.	a committee appointed to judge a competition
panel	n.	(law) a group of people summoned for jury service (from whom a jury will be chosen)
panel	n.	a group of people gathered for a special purpose as to plan or discuss an issue or judge a contest etc
panel	n.	a soft pad placed under a saddle
panel	n.	a piece of cloth that is generally triangular or tapering; used in making garments or umbrellas or sails
panel	n.	(computer science) a small temporary window in a graphical user interface that appears in order to request information from the user; after the information has been provided the user dismisses the box with `okay' or `cancel'
panel	n.	electrical device consisting of a flat insulated surface that contains switches and dials and meters for controlling other electrical devices
panel	v.	decorate with panels
panel	v.	select from a list
paneling	n.	a panel or section of panels in a wall or door
paneling	v.	decorate with panels
paneling	v.	select from a list
panelist	n.	a member of a panel
panes	n.	sheet glass cut in shapes for windows or doors
panes	n.	a panel or section of panels in a wall or door
panes	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
panes	v.	make a sweeping movement
panes	v.	wash dirt in a pan to separate out the precious minerals
panes	v.	express a totally negative opinion of
pang	n.	a sudden sharp feeling
pang	n.	a mental pain or distress
pang	n.	a sharp spasm of pain
pangaea	n.	(plate tectonics) a hypothetical continent including all the landmass of the earth prior to the Triassic period when it split into Laurasia and Gondwanaland
panhandle	n.	a relatively narrow strip of land projecting from some larger area
panhandle	n.	the handle of a pan
panhandle	v.	beg by accosting people in the street and asking for money
panhandler	n.	a beggar who approaches strangers asking for money
panic	n.	an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety
panic	n.	sudden mass fear and anxiety over anticipated events
panic	v.	be overcome by a sudden fear
panic	v.	cause sudden fear in or fill with sudden panic
panicked	v.	be overcome by a sudden fear
panicked	v.	cause sudden fear in or fill with sudden panic
panicked	adj.	thrown into a state of intense fear or desperation
panicking	v.	be overcome by a sudden fear
panicking	v.	cause sudden fear in or fill with sudden panic
panicky	adj.	thrown into a state of intense fear or desperation
panned	v.	make a sweeping movement
panned	v.	wash dirt in a pan to separate out the precious minerals
panned	v.	express a totally negative opinion of
pannier	n.	either of a pair of bags or boxes hung over the rear wheel of a vehicle (as a bicycle)
pannier	n.	a large basket (usually one of a pair) carried by a beast of burden or on by a person
pannier	n.	set of small hoops used to add fullness over the hips
panning	v.	make a sweeping movement
panning	v.	wash dirt in a pan to separate out the precious minerals
panning	v.	express a totally negative opinion of
panoply	n.	a complete and impressive array
panorama	n.	the visual percept of a region
panorama	n.	a picture (or series of pictures) representing a continuous scene
panoramic	adj.	as from an altitude or distance
panpipes	n.	a primitive wind instrument consisting of several parallel pipes bound together
pansy	n.	large-flowered garden plant derived chiefly from the wild pansy of Europe and having velvety petals of various colors
pansy	n.	a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive
pansy	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
pant	n.	the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine)
pant	n.	(usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately
pant	n.	a short labored intake of breath with the mouth open
pant	v.	breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted
pant	v.	utter while panting, as if out of breath
pantaloon	n.	a buffoon in modern pantomimes; the butt of jokes
pantaloon	n.	a character in the commedia dell'arte; portrayed as a foolish old man
pantaloon	n.	trousers worn in former times
pantaloons	n.	a buffoon in modern pantomimes; the butt of jokes
pantaloons	n.	a character in the commedia dell'arte; portrayed as a foolish old man
pantaloons	n.	trousers worn in former times
pantechnicon	n.	a large moving van (especially one used for moving furniture)
pantheism	n.	(rare) worship that admits or tolerates all gods
pantheism	n.	the doctrine or belief that God is the universe and its phenomena (taken or conceived of as a whole) or the doctrine that regards the universe as a manifestation of God
pantheist	n.	someone who believes that God and the universe are the same
pantheist	adj.	of or relating to pantheism
pantheistic	adj.	of or relating to pantheism
pantheon	n.	all the gods of a religion
pantheon	n.	a monument commemorating a nation's dead heroes
pantheon	n.	(antiquity) a temple to all the gods
panther	n.	a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some classifications considered a member of the genus Felis
panther	n.	a leopard in the black color phase
panther	n.	large American feline resembling a lion
pantie	n.	short underpants for women or children (usually used in the plural)
panto	n.	an abbreviation of pantomime
pantomime	n.	a performance using gestures and body movements without words
pantomime	v.	act out without words but with gestures and bodily movements only
pantomimist	n.	an actor who communicates entirely by gesture and facial expression
pantry	n.	a small storeroom for storing foods or wines
pantsuit	n.	a pair of pants and a matching jacket worn by women
pantyhose	n.	a woman's tights consisting of underpants and stockings
pantywaist	n.	a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive
pap	n.	worthless or oversimplified ideas
pap	n.	a diet that does not require chewing; advised for those with intestinal disorders
pap	n.	the small projection of a mammary gland
papa	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
papacy	n.	the government of the Roman Catholic Church
papal	adj.	proceeding from or ordered by or subject to a pope or the papacy regarded as the successor of the Apostles
paparazzi	n.	a freelance photographer who pursues celebrities trying to take candid photographs of them to sell to newspapers or magazines
paparazzo	n.	a freelance photographer who pursues celebrities trying to take candid photographs of them to sell to newspapers or magazines
papaya	n.	tropical American shrub or small tree having huge deeply palmately cleft leaves and large oblong yellow fruit
papaya	n.	large oval melon-like tropical fruit with yellowish flesh
paper	n.	a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses
paper	n.	an essay (especially one written as an assignment)
paper	n.	a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements
paper	n.	a medium for written communication
paper	n.	a scholarly article describing the results of observations or stating hypotheses
paper	n.	a business firm that publishes newspapers
paper	n.	the physical object that is the product of a newspaper publisher
paper	v.	cover with paper
paper	v.	cover with wallpaper
paperback	n.	a book with paper covers
paperback	adj.	(of books) having a flexible binding
paperboard	n.	a cardboard suitable for making posters
paperboy	n.	a boy who sells or delivers newspapers
paperclip	n.	a wire or plastic clip for holding sheets of paper together
paperer	n.	one whose occupation is decorating walls with wallpaper
paperhanger	n.	someone who passes bad checks or counterfeit paper money
paperhanger	n.	one whose occupation is decorating walls with wallpaper
paperhanging	n.	the application of wallpaper
paperweight	n.	a weight used to hold down a stack of papers
paperwork	n.	work that involves handling papers: forms or letters or reports etc.
papery	adj.	thin and paperlike
papery	adj.	of or like paper
papilla	n.	(botany) a tiny outgrowth on the surface of a petal or leaf
papilla	n.	a small nipple-shaped protuberance concerned with taste, touch, or smell
papilla	n.	a small projection of tissue at the base of a hair or tooth or feather
papillae	n.	(botany) a tiny outgrowth on the surface of a petal or leaf
papillae	n.	a small nipple-shaped protuberance concerned with taste, touch, or smell
papillae	n.	a small projection of tissue at the base of a hair or tooth or feather
papillary	adj.	of or relating to or resembling papilla
papist	n.	an offensive term for Roman Catholics; originally, a Roman Catholic who was a strong advocate of the papacy
papist	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Romanism
papoose	n.	an American Indian infant
paprika	n.	plant bearing large mild thick-walled usually bell-shaped fruits; the principal salad peppers
paprika	n.	a mild powdered seasoning made from dried pimientos
papyri	n.	paper made from the papyrus plant by cutting it in strips and pressing it flat; used by ancient Egyptians and Greeks and Romans
papyri	n.	tall sedge of the Nile valley yielding fiber that served many purposes in historic times
papyri	n.	a document written on papyrus
papyrus	n.	paper made from the papyrus plant by cutting it in strips and pressing it flat; used by ancient Egyptians and Greeks and Romans
papyrus	n.	tall sedge of the Nile valley yielding fiber that served many purposes in historic times
papyrus	n.	a document written on papyrus
par	n.	(golf) the standard number of strokes set for each hole on a golf course, or for the entire course
par	n.	a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
par	v.	make a score (on a hole) equal to par
para	n.	(obstetrics) the number of liveborn children a woman has delivered
para	n.	100 para equal 1 dinar in Yugoslavia
para	n.	a soldier in the paratroops
para	n.	an estuary in northern Brazil into which the Tocantins River flows
para	n.	port city in northern Brazil in the Amazon delta; main port and commercial center for the Amazon River basin
parable	n.	a short moral story (often with animal characters)
parable	n.	(New Testament) any of the stories told by Jesus to convey his religious message
parabola	n.	a plane curve formed by the intersection of a right circular cone and a plane parallel to an element of the curve
parabolic	adj.	resembling or expressed by parables
parabolic	adj.	having the form of a parabola
paracelsus	n.	Swiss physician who introduced treatments of particular illnesses based on his observation and experience; he saw illness as having an external cause (rather than an imbalance of humors) and replaced traditional remedies with chemical remedies (1493-1541)
parachute	n.	rescue equipment consisting of a device that fills with air and retards your fall
parachute	v.	jump from an airplane and descend with a parachute
parachutist	n.	a person who jumps from aircraft using a parachute
paraclete	n.	the third person in the Trinity; Jesus promised the Apostles that he would send the Holy Spirit after his Crucifixion and Resurrection; it came on Pentecost
parade	n.	a ceremonial procession including people marching
parade	n.	an extended (often showy) succession of persons or things
parade	n.	a visible display
parade	v.	walk ostentatiously
parade	v.	march in a procession
parader	n.	walks with regular or stately step
paradigm	n.	systematic arrangement of all the inflected forms of a word
paradigm	n.	a standard or typical example
paradigm	n.	the class of all items that can be substituted into the same position (or slot) in a grammatical sentence (are in paradigmatic relation with one another)
paradigm	n.	the generally accepted perspective of a particular discipline at a given time
paradigmatic	adj.	of or relating to a grammatical paradigm
paradigmatic	adj.	of or relating to a typical example
paradigmatic	adj.	related as members of a substitution class
paradisaical	adj.	relating to or befitting Paradise
paradise	n.	any place of complete bliss and delight and peace
paradise	n.	(Christianity) the abode of righteous souls after death
paradox	n.	(logic) a statement that contradicts itself
paradoxical	adj.	seemingly contradictory but nonetheless possibly true
paraffin	n.	from crude petroleum; used for candles and for preservative or waterproof coatings
paraffin	n.	a series of non-aromatic saturated hydrocarbons with the general formula CnH(2n+2)
paraffin	n.	(British usage) kerosine
paragliding	n.	gliding in a parasail
paragon	n.	an ideal instance; a perfect embodiment of a concept
paragon	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
paragraph	n.	one of several distinct subdivisions of a text intended to separate ideas; the beginning is usually marked by a new indented line
paragraph	v.	divide into paragraphs, as of text
paragraph	v.	write about in a paragraph
paragraph	v.	write paragraphs; work as a paragrapher
paragraphs	n.	one of several distinct subdivisions of a text intended to separate ideas; the beginning is usually marked by a new indented line
paragraphs	v.	divide into paragraphs, as of text
paragraphs	v.	write about in a paragraph
paragraphs	v.	write paragraphs; work as a paragrapher
paraguay	n.	a landlocked republic in south central South America; achieved independence from Spain in 1811
paraguayan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Paraguay
paraguayan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Paraguay or its people
parakeet	n.	any of numerous small slender long-tailed parrots
paralegal	n.	a person with specialized training who assists lawyers
parallax	n.	the apparent displacement of an object as seen from two different points that are not on a line with the object
parallel	n.	something having the property of being analogous to something else
parallel	n.	an imaginary line around the Earth parallel to the equator
parallel	n.	(mathematics) one of a set of parallel geometric figures (parallel lines or planes)
parallel	v.	be parallel to
parallel	v.	make or place parallel to something
parallel	v.	duplicate or match
parallel	adj.	being everywhere equidistant and not intersecting
parallel	adj.	of or relating to the simultaneous performance of multiple operations
paralleled	v.	be parallel to
paralleled	v.	make or place parallel to something
paralleled	v.	duplicate or match
parallelism	n.	similarity by virtue of corresponding
parallelized	v.	place parallel to one another
parallelogram	n.	a quadrilateral whose opposite sides are both parallel and equal in length
paralyses	n.	loss of the ability to move a body part
paralyses	v.	make powerless and unable to function
paralyses	v.	cause to be paralyzed and immobile
paralysis	n.	loss of the ability to move a body part
paralytic	n.	a person suffering from paralysis
paralytic	adj.	relating to or of the nature of paralysis
paralytic	adj.	affected with paralysis
paralyze	v.	make powerless and unable to function
paralyze	v.	cause to be paralyzed and immobile
paralyzing	v.	make powerless and unable to function
paralyzing	v.	cause to be paralyzed and immobile
paramagnetic	adj.	of or relating to a paramagnet
paramaribo	n.	the capital and largest city and major port of Surinam
paramecia	n.	any member of the genus Paramecium
paramecium	n.	any member of the genus Paramecium
paramedic	n.	a person trained to assist medical professionals and to give emergency medical treatment
paramedical	n.	a person trained to assist medical professionals and to give emergency medical treatment
paramedical	adj.	of or denoting a person who assists physicians and nurses or is trained physicians and nurses in their activities; ambulance drivers are paramedical personnel"
parameter	n.	a constant in the equation of a curve that can be varied to yield a family of similar curves
parameter	n.	any factor that defines a system and determines (or limits) its performance
parameter	n.	(computer science) a reference or value that is passed to a function, procedure, subroutine, command, or program
parameter	n.	a quantity (such as the mean or variance) that characterizes a statistical population and that can be estimated by calculations from sample data
parametric	adj.	of or relating to or in terms of a parameter
paramilitary	n.	a group of civilians organized in a military fashion (especially to operate in place of or to assist regular army troops)
paramilitary	adj.	of or relating to a group of civilians organized to function like or to assist a military unit
paramount	adj.	having superior power and influence
paramountcy	n.	the state of being paramount; the highest rank or authority
paramour	n.	a woman's lover
paramour	n.	a woman who cohabits with an important man
parana	n.	a South American river; tributary of Rio de la Plata
paranoia	n.	a psychological disorder characterized by delusions of persecution or grandeur
paranoiac	n.	a person afflicted with paranoia
paranoid	n.	a person afflicted with paranoia
paranoid	adj.	suffering from paranoia
paranormal	adj.	seemingly outside normal sensory channels
paranormal	adj.	not in accordance with scientific laws
parapet	n.	a low wall along the edge of a roof or balcony
parapet	n.	fortification consisting of a low wall
paraphernalia	n.	equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles needed for a particular operation or sport etc.
paraphrase	n.	rewording for the purpose of clarification
paraphrase	v.	express the same message in different words
paraplegia	n.	paralysis of the lower half of the body (most often as a result of trauma)
paraplegic	n.	a person who has paraplegia (is paralyzed from the waist down)
paraplegic	adj.	suffering complete paralysis of the lower half of the body usually resulting from damage to the spinal cord
paraprofessional	n.	a trained worker who is not a member of a profession but who assists a professional
parapsychologist	n.	someone who studies the evidence for such psychological phenomena as psychokinesis and telepathy and clairvoyance
parapsychology	n.	phenomena that appear to contradict physical laws and suggest the possibility of causation by mental processes
paraquat	n.	a poisonous yellow solid used in solution as a herbicide
parasailing	n.	gliding in a parasail
parasite	n.	an animal or plant that lives in or on a host (another animal or plant); it obtains nourishment from the host without benefiting or killing the host
parasite	n.	a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage
parasitic	adj.	relating to or caused by parasites
parasitic	adj.	of or pertaining to epenthesis
parasitic	adj.	of plants or persons; having the nature or habits of a parasite or leech; living off another
parasitical	adj.	relating to or caused by parasites
parasitical	adj.	of plants or persons; having the nature or habits of a parasite or leech; living off another
parasitism	n.	the relation between two different kinds of organisms in which one receives benefits from the other by causing damage to it (usually not fatal damage)
parasol	n.	a handheld collapsible source of shade
parasympathetic	n.	originates in the brain stem and lower part of the spinal cord; opposes physiological effects of the sympathetic nervous system: stimulates digestive secretions; slows the heart; constricts the pupils; dilates blood vessels
parasympathetic	adj.	of or relating to the parasympathetic nervous system
parathion	n.	a colorless and odorless toxic oil used as an insecticide
parathyroid	n.	any one of four endocrine glands situated above or within the thyroid gland
paratrooper	n.	a soldier in the paratroops
paratroops	n.	infantry trained and equipped to parachute
paratyphoid	n.	any of a variety of infectious intestinal diseases resembling typhoid fever
parboil	v.	cook (vegetables) briefly
parcel	n.	a wrapped container
parcel	n.	the allotment of some amount by dividing something
parcel	n.	an extended area of land
parcel	n.	a collection of things wrapped or boxed together
parcel	v.	divide into parts
parcel	v.	cover with strips of canvas
parcel	v.	make into a wrapped container
parch	v.	cause to wither or parch from exposure to heat
parcheesi	n.	a modern board game based on pachisi
parchment	n.	a superior paper resembling sheepskin
parchment	n.	skin of a sheep or goat prepared for writing on
pardner	n.	an associate in an activity or endeavor or sphere of common interest
pardon	n.	the act of excusing a mistake or offense
pardon	n.	a warrant granting release from punishment for an offense
pardon	n.	the formal act of liberating someone
pardon	v.	accept an excuse for
pardon	v.	grant a pardon to
pardonable	adj.	admitting of being pardoned
pardonably	adv.	in an excusable manner or to an excusable degree
pardoner	n.	a person who pardons or forgives or excuses a fault or offense
pardoner	n.	a medieval cleric who raised money for the church by selling papal indulgences
pare	v.	decrease gradually or bit by bit
pare	v.	cut small bits or pare shavings from
pare	v.	strip the skin off
pare	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
paregoric	n.	medicine used to treat diarrhea
parent	n.	a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a child; a relative who plays the role of guardian
parent	n.	an organism (plant or animal) from which younger ones are obtained
parent	v.	bring up
parentage	n.	the state of being a parent
parentage	n.	the kinship relation of an offspring to the parents
parentage	n.	the descendants of one individual
parental	adj.	designating the generation of organisms from which hybrid offspring are produced
parental	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or befitting a parent
parentheses	n.	either of two punctuation marks (or) used to enclose textual material
parentheses	n.	a message that departs from the main subject
parenthesis	n.	either of two punctuation marks (or) used to enclose textual material
parenthesis	n.	a message that departs from the main subject
parenthetic	adj.	qualifying or explaining; placed or as if placed in parentheses
parenthetical	n.	an expression in parentheses
parenthetical	adj.	qualifying or explaining; placed or as if placed in parentheses
parenthood	n.	the state of being a parent
parenting	v.	bring up
parer	n.	a manicurist who trims the fingernails
parer	n.	a small sharp knife used in paring fruits or vegetables
pares	v.	decrease gradually or bit by bit
pares	v.	cut small bits or pare shavings from
pares	v.	strip the skin off
pares	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
pares	v.	make a score (on a hole) equal to par
paresis	n.	a slight or partial paralysis
pareto	n.	Italian sociologist and economist whose theories influenced the development of fascism in Italy (1848-1923)
parfait	n.	layers of ice cream and syrup and whipped cream
pariah	n.	a person who is rejected (from society or home)
pariahs	n.	a person who is rejected (from society or home)
parietal	adj.	of or relating to or associated with the parietal bones in the cranium
parimutuel	n.	betting where winners share the total amount wagered
paring	n.	a thin fragment or slice (especially of wood) that has been shaved from something
paring	n.	(usually plural) a part of a fruit or vegetable that is pared or cut off; especially the skin or peel
paring	v.	decrease gradually or bit by bit
paring	v.	cut small bits or pare shavings from
paring	v.	strip the skin off
paring	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
paring	v.	make a score (on a hole) equal to par
paris	n.	the capital and largest city of France; and international center of culture and commerce
paris	n.	sometimes placed in subfamily Trilliaceae
paris	n.	(Greek mythology) the prince of Troy who abducted Helen from her husband Menelaus and provoked the Trojan War
paris	n.	a town in northeastern Texas
parish	n.	a local church community
parish	n.	the local subdivision of a diocese committed to one pastor
parishioner	n.	a member of a parish
parisian	n.	a native or resident of Paris
parisian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Paris or its inhabitants
parity	n.	(obstetrics) the number of liveborn children a woman has delivered
parity	n.	(mathematics) a relation between a pair of integers: if both integers are odd or both are even they have the same parity; if one is odd and the other is even they have different parity
parity	n.	(computer science) a bit that is used in an error detection procedure in which a 0 or 1 is added to each group of bits so that it will have either an odd number of 1's or an even number of 1's; e.g., if the parity is odd then any group of bits that arrives with an even number of 1's must contain an error
parity	n.	(physics) parity is conserved in a universe in which the laws of physics are the same in a right-handed system of coordinates as in a left-handed system
parity	n.	functional equality
park	n.	a large area of land preserved in its natural state as public property
park	n.	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area
park	n.	a facility in which ball games are played (especially baseball games)
park	n.	Scottish explorer in Africa (1771-1806)
park	n.	a lot where cars are parked
park	n.	a gear position that acts as a parking brake
park	v.	place temporarily
park	v.	maneuver a vehicle into a parking space
parka	n.	a kind of heavy jacket (`windcheater' is a British term)
parker	n.	United States saxophonist and leader of the bop style of jazz (1920-1955)
parker	n.	United States writer noted for her sharp wit (1893-1967)
parkersburg	n.	a city in northwestern West Virginia on the Ohio river
parking	n.	space in which vehicles can be parked
parking	n.	the act of maneuvering a vehicle into a location where it can be left temporarily
parking	v.	place temporarily
parking	v.	maneuver a vehicle into a parking space
parkinson	n.	English surgeon (1755-1824)
parkinson	n.	British historian noted for ridicule of bureaucracies (1909-1993)
parkinsonism	n.	a degenerative disorder of the central nervous system characterized by tremor and impaired muscular coordination
parkland	n.	a large area of land preserved in its natural state as public property
parks	n.	United States civil rights leader who refused to give up her seat on a bus to a white man in Montgomery (Alabama) and so triggered the national Civil Rights movement (born in 1913)
parks	n.	a large area of land preserved in its natural state as public property
parks	n.	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area
parks	n.	a facility in which ball games are played (especially baseball games)
parks	n.	Scottish explorer in Africa (1771-1806)
parks	n.	a lot where cars are parked
parks	n.	a gear position that acts as a parking brake
parks	v.	place temporarily
parks	v.	maneuver a vehicle into a parking space
parkway	n.	a wide scenic road planted with trees
parky	adj.	appreciably or disagreeably cold
parlance	n.	a manner of speaking that is natural to native speakers of a language
parlay	n.	a series of wagers in which the winnings from one wager are used as a stake for the subsequent wagers
parlay	v.	stake winnings from one bet on a subsequent wager
parley	n.	a negotiation between enemies
parley	v.	discuss, as between enemies
parliament	n.	a legislative assembly in certain countries
parliament	n.	a card game in which you play your sevens and other cards in sequence in the same suit as the sevens; you win if you are the first to use all your cards
parliamentarian	n.	an elected member of the British Parliament: a member of the House of Commons
parliamentarian	n.	an expert in parliamentary rules and procedures
parliamentary	adj.	relating to or having the nature of a parliament
parliamentary	adj.	having the supreme legislative power resting with a body of cabinet ministers chosen from and responsible to the legislature or parliament
parliamentary	adj.	in accord with rules and customs of a legislative or deliberative assembly
parlor	n.	reception room in an inn or club where visitors can be received
parlor	n.	a room in a private house or establishment where people can sit and talk and relax
parlous	adj.	fraught with danger
parmenides	n.	a presocratic Greek philosopher born in Italy; held the metaphysical view that being is the basic substance and ultimate reality of which all things are composed; said that motion and change are sensory illusions (5th century BC)
parmesan	n.	hard dry sharp-flavored Italian cheese; often grated
parnassus	n.	(Greek mythology) a mountain in central Greece where (according to Greek mythology) the Muses lived; known as the mythological home of music and poetry
parnell	n.	Irish nationalist leader (1846-1891)
parochial	adj.	relating to or supported by or located in a parish
parochial	adj.	narrowly restricted in outlook or scope
parochialism	n.	a limitation of views or interests like that defined by a local parish
parodist	n.	mimics literary or musical style for comic effect
parody	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
parody	n.	humorous or satirical mimicry
parody	v.	make a spoof of or make fun of
parody	v.	make a parody of
parole	n.	a promise
parole	n.	a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group
parole	n.	(law) a conditional release from imprisonment that entitles the person to serve the remainder of the sentence outside the prison as long as the terms of release are complied with
parole	v.	release a criminal from detention and place him on parole
parolee	n.	someone released on probation or on parole
parotid	adj.	relating to or located near the parotid gland
paroxysm	n.	a sudden uncontrollable attack
paroxysmal	adj.	accompanied by or of the nature of paroxysms
parquet	n.	a floor made of parquetry
parquet	n.	seating on the main floor between the orchestra and the parquet circle
parquetry	n.	a patterned wood inlay used to cover a floor
parr	n.	Queen of England as the 6th wife of Henry VIII (1512-1548)
parr	n.	a young salmon up to 2 years old
parr	n.	the young of various fishes
parricide	n.	someone who kills his or her parent
parricide	n.	the murder of your own father or mother
parrish	n.	United States painter (1870-1966)
parrot	n.	usually brightly colored zygodactyl tropical birds with short hooked beaks and the ability to mimic sounds
parrot	n.	a copycat who does not understand the words or acts being imitated
parrot	v.	repeat mindlessly
parry	n.	(fencing) blocking a lunge or deflecting it with a circular motion of the sword
parry	n.	a return punch (especially by a boxer)
parry	v.	impede the movement of (an opponent or a ball)
parry	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
parse	v.	analyze syntactically by assigning a constituent structure to (a sentence)
parsec	n.	a unit of astronomical length based on the distance from Earth at which stellar parallax is 1 second of arc; equivalent to 3.262 light years
parsimonious	adj.	excessively unwilling to spend
parsimony	n.	extreme care in spending money; reluctance to spend money unnecessarily
parsimony	n.	extreme stinginess
parsley	n.	annual or perennial herb with aromatic leaves
parsley	n.	aromatic herb with flat or crinkly leaves that are cut finely and used to garnish food
parsnip	n.	the whitish root of cultivated parsnip
parsnip	n.	a strong-scented plant cultivated for its edible root
parsnip	n.	whitish edible root; eaten cooked
parson	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
parsonage	n.	an official residence provided by a church for its parson or vicar or rector
parsons	n.	United States sociologist (1902-1979)
parsons	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
part	n.	something determined in relation to something that includes it
part	n.	something less than the whole of a human artifact
part	n.	a portion of a natural object
part	n.	that which concerns a person with regard to a particular role or situation
part	n.	the extended spatial location of something
part	n.	the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group
part	n.	an actor's portrayal of someone in a play
part	n.	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group
part	n.	one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole
part	n.	a line of scalp that can be seen when sections of hair are combed in opposite directions
part	n.	the melody carried by a particular voice or instrument in polyphonic music
part	n.	the part played by a person in bringing about a result
part	v.	go one's own way; move apart
part	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
part	v.	leave
part	v.	come apart
part	v.	force, take, or pull apart
part	adv.	in part; in some degree; not wholly
partake	v.	have some of the qualities or attributes of something
partake	v.	have, give, or receive a share of
partake	v.	consume
partaken	v.	have some of the qualities or attributes of something
partaken	v.	have, give, or receive a share of
partaken	v.	consume
partaker	n.	someone who has or gives or receives a part or a share
parterre	n.	an ornamental flower garden; beds and paths are arranged to form a pattern
parterre	n.	seating at the rear of the main floor (beneath the balconies)
parthenogenesis	n.	human conception without fertilization by a man
parthenogenesis	n.	process in which an unfertilized egg develops into a new individual; common among insects and some other arthropods
parthenon	n.	the main temple of the goddess Athena; built on the acropolis in Athens more than 400 years B.C.; example of Doric architecture
parthia	n.	an ancient kingdom in Asia to the southeast of the Caspian Sea; it dominated southwestern Asia from about 250 BC to AD 226
partial	n.	the derivative of a function of two or more variables with respect to a single variable while the other variables are considered to be constant
partial	n.	a harmonic with a frequency that is a multiple of the fundamental frequency
partial	adj.	being or affecting only a part; not total
partial	adj.	showing favoritism
partial	adj.	(followed by `of' or `to') having a strong preference or liking for
partiality	n.	a predisposition to like something
partiality	n.	an inclination to favor one group or view or opinion over alternatives
participant	n.	someone who takes part in an activity
participant	n.	a person who participates in or is skilled at some game
participate	v.	share in something
participate	v.	become a participant; be involved in
participation	n.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group
participation	n.	the condition of sharing in common with others (as fellows or partners etc.)
participatory	adj.	affording the opportunity for individual participation
participial	n.	a non-finite form of the verb; in English it is used adjectivally and to form compound tenses
participial	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of participles
participle	n.	a non-finite form of the verb; in English it is used adjectivally and to form compound tenses
particle	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
particle	n.	a body having finite mass and internal structure but negligible dimensions
particle	n.	a function word that can be used in English to form phrasal verbs
particular	n.	a fact about some part (as opposed to general)
particular	n.	a small part that can be considered separately from the whole
particular	n.	(logic) a proposition that asserts something about some (but not all) members of a class
particular	adj.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category
particular	adj.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category
particular	adj.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected
particular	adj.	first and most important
particular	adj.	exacting especially about details
particular	adj.	providing specific details or circumstances
particularity	n.	the quality of being particular and pertaining to a specific case or instance
particularization	n.	an individualized description of a particular instance
particularize	v.	be specific about
particulate	n.	a small discrete mass of solid or liquid matter that remains individually dispersed in gas or liquid emissions (usually considered to be an atmospheric pollutant)
particulate	adj.	composed of distinct particles
parting	n.	the act of departing politely
parting	n.	a line of scalp that can be seen when sections of hair are combed in opposite directions
parting	v.	go one's own way; move apart
parting	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
parting	v.	leave
parting	v.	come apart
parting	v.	force, take, or pull apart
partisan	n.	a fervent and even militant proponent of something
partisan	n.	an ardent and enthusiastic supporter of some person or activity
partisan	n.	a pike with a long tapering double-edged blade with lateral projections; 16th and 17th centuries
partisan	adj.	devoted to a cause or party
partisanship	n.	an inclination to favor one group or view or opinion over alternatives
partition	n.	a vertical structure that divides or separates (as a wall divides one room from another)
partition	n.	(computer science) the part of a hard disk that is dedicated to a particular operating system or application and accessed as a single unit
partition	n.	(anatomy) a structure that separates areas in an organism
partition	n.	the act of dividing or partitioning; separation by the creation of a boundary that divides or keeps apart
partition	v.	divide into parts, pieces, or sections
partition	v.	separate or apportion into sections
partitive	n.	word (such a `some' or `less') that is used to indicate a part as distinct from a whole
partitive	adj.	(Romance languages) relating to or denoting a part of a whole or a quantity that is less than the whole
partitive	adj.	indicating or characterized by or serving to create partition or division into parts
partitive	adj.	serving to separate or divide into parts
partly	adv.	in part; in some degree; not wholly
partner	n.	a person's partner in marriage
partner	n.	an associate in an activity or endeavor or sphere of common interest
partner	n.	a person who is a member of a partnership
partner	v.	provide with a partner
partner	v.	act as a partner
partnership	n.	the members of a business venture created by contract
partnership	n.	a cooperative relationship between people or groups who agree to share responsibility for achieving some specific goal
partnership	n.	a contract between two or more persons who agree to pool talent and money and share profits or losses
partook	v.	have some of the qualities or attributes of something
partook	v.	have, give, or receive a share of
partook	v.	consume
partridge	n.	flesh of either quail or grouse
partridge	n.	heavy-bodied small-winged South American game bird resembling a gallinaceous bird but related to the ratite birds
partridge	n.	small Old World gallinaceous game birds
partridge	n.	a popular North American game bird; named for its call
partridge	n.	valued as a game bird in eastern United States and Canada
parturition	n.	the process of giving birth
party	n.	an organization to gain political power
party	n.	a group of people gathered together for pleasure
party	n.	a band of people associated temporarily in some activity
party	n.	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment
party	n.	a person involved in legal proceedings
party	v.	have or participate in a party
parvenu	n.	a person who has suddenly risen to a higher economic status but has not gained social acceptance of others in that class
parvenu	adj.	characteristic of someone who has risen economically or socially but lacks the social skills appropriate for this new position
parvenu	adj.	of or characteristic of a parvenu
pasadena	n.	a city in southwestern California to the east of Los Angeles
pascal	n.	a unit of pressure equal to one newton per square meter
pascal	n.	French mathematician and philosopher and Jansenist; invented an adding machine; contributed (with Fermat) to the theory of probability (1623-1662)
pascal	n.	a programing language designed to teach programming through a top-down modular approach
paschal	adj.	of or relating to Passover or Easter
pasha	n.	a civil or military authority in Turkey or Egypt
pass	n.	(baseball) an advance to first base by a batter who receives four balls
pass	n.	(military) a written leave of absence
pass	n.	(American football) a play that involves one player throwing the ball to a teammate
pass	n.	the location in a range of mountains of a geological formation that is lower than the surrounding peaks
pass	n.	any authorization to pass or go somewhere
pass	n.	a document indicating permission to do something without restrictions
pass	n.	a flight or run by an aircraft over a target
pass	n.	a bad or difficult situation or state of affairs
pass	n.	a difficult juncture
pass	n.	one complete cycle of operations (as by a computer)
pass	n.	you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent
pass	n.	a permit to enter or leave a military installation
pass	n.	a complimentary ticket
pass	n.	a usually brief attempt
pass	n.	(sports) the act of throwing the ball to another member of your team
pass	n.	success in satisfying a test or requirement
pass	n.	(ballet) a step in dancing (especially in classical ballet)
pass	v.	go across or through
pass	v.	move past
pass	v.	make laws, bills, etc. or bring into effect by legislation
pass	v.	pass by
pass	v.	place into the hands or custody of
pass	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
pass	v.	travel past
pass	v.	come to pass
pass	v.	go unchallenged; be approved
pass	v.	pass time in a specific way
pass	v.	pass over, across, or through
pass	v.	transmit information
pass	v.	disappear gradually
pass	v.	go successfully through a test or a selection process
pass	v.	be superior or better than some standard
pass	v.	accept or judge as acceptable
pass	v.	allow to go without comment or censure
pass	v.	transfer to another; of rights or property
pass	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
pass	v.	throw (a ball) to another player
pass	v.	be inherited by
pass	v.	cause to pass
pass	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
pass	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
pass	v.	eliminate from the body
pass	adj.	of advancing the ball by throwing it
passably	adv.	to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
passage	n.	the act of passing from one state or place to the next
passage	n.	a section of text; particularly a section of medium length
passage	n.	a way through or along which someone or something may pass
passage	n.	the passing of a law by a legislative body
passage	n.	a journey usually by ship
passage	n.	a short section of a musical composition
passage	n.	a path or channel or duct through or along which something may pass
passage	n.	a bodily reaction of changing from one place or stage to another
passage	n.	the motion of one object relative to another
passage	n.	the act of passing something to another person
passageway	n.	a passage between rooms or between buildings
passageway	n.	a path or channel or duct through or along which something may pass
passbook	n.	a record of deposits and withdrawals and interest held by depositors at certain banks
passe	adj.	out of fashion
passel	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
passenger	n.	a traveler riding in a vehicle (a boat or bus or car or plane or train etc) who is not operating it
passer	n.	a person who passes by casually or by chance
passer	n.	a person who passes as a member of a different ethnic or racial group
passer	n.	a student who passes an examination
passer	n.	(football) a ball carrier who tries to gain ground by throwing a forward pass
passer	n.	type genus of the Passeridae
passerby	n.	a person who passes by casually or by chance
passim	adv.	used to refer to cited works
passing	n.	(American football) a play that involves one player throwing the ball to a teammate
passing	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
passing	n.	the motion of one object relative to another
passing	n.	the end of something
passing	n.	a bodily reaction of changing from one place or stage to another
passing	n.	going by something that is moving in order to get in front of it
passing	n.	success in satisfying a test or requirement
passing	v.	go across or through
passing	v.	move past
passing	v.	make laws, bills, etc. or bring into effect by legislation
passing	v.	pass by
passing	v.	place into the hands or custody of
passing	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
passing	v.	travel past
passing	v.	come to pass
passing	v.	go unchallenged; be approved
passing	v.	pass time in a specific way
passing	v.	pass over, across, or through
passing	v.	transmit information
passing	v.	disappear gradually
passing	v.	go successfully through a test or a selection process
passing	v.	be superior or better than some standard
passing	v.	accept or judge as acceptable
passing	v.	allow to go without comment or censure
passing	v.	transfer to another; of rights or property
passing	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
passing	v.	throw (a ball) to another player
passing	v.	be inherited by
passing	v.	cause to pass
passing	v.	grant authorization or clearance for
passing	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
passing	v.	eliminate from the body
passing	adj.	lasting a very short time
passing	adj.	of advancing the ball by throwing it
passing	adj.	allowing you to pass (e.g., an examination or inspection) satisfactorily
passing	adj.	hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough
passing	adv.	to an extreme degree
passion	n.	a strong feeling or emotion
passion	n.	the trait of being intensely emotional
passion	n.	something that is desired intensely
passion	n.	an irrational but irresistible motive for a belief or action
passion	n.	a feeling of strong sexual desire
passion	n.	any object of warm affection or devotion
passion	n.	the suffering of Jesus at the Crucifixion
passionate	adj.	having or expressing strong emotions
passionflower	n.	any of various chiefly tropical American vines some bearing edible fruit
passionless	adj.	not passionate
passionless	adj.	unmoved by feeling; ; -Margaret Deland
passive	n.	the voice used to indicate that the grammatical subject of the verb is the recipient (not the source) of the action denoted by the verb
passive	adj.	lacking in energy or will; - George Meredith
passive	adj.	peacefully resistant in response to injustice
passive	adj.	expressing that the subject of the sentence is the patient of the action denoted by the verb
passiveness	n.	submission to others or to outside influences
passiveness	n.	the trait of remaining inactive; a lack of initiative
passivity	n.	the trait of remaining inactive; a lack of initiative
passivity	n.	submission to others or to outside influences
passkey	n.	key that secures entrance everywhere
passover	n.	(Judaism) a Jewish festival (traditionally 8 days from Nissan 15) celebrating the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt
passport	n.	any authorization to pass or go somewhere
passport	n.	a document issued by a country to a citizen allowing that person to travel abroad and re-enter the home country
passport	n.	any quality or characteristic that gains a person a favorable reception or acceptance or admission
password	n.	a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group
past	n.	the time that has elapsed
past	n.	a earlier period in someone's life (especially one that they have reason to keep secret)
past	n.	a verb tense that expresses actions or states in the past
past	adj.	earlier than the present time; no longer current
past	adj.	of a person who has held and relinquished a position or office
past	adv.	so as to pass a given point
pasta	n.	a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient
pasta	n.	shaped and dried dough made from flour and water and sometimes egg
paste	n.	any mixture of a soft and malleable consistency
paste	n.	a hard, brilliant lead glass that is used in making artificial jewelry
paste	n.	an adhesive made from water and flour or starch; used on paper and paperboard
paste	n.	a tasty mixture to be spread on bread or crackers or used in preparing other dishes
paste	v.	join or attach with or as if with glue
paste	v.	hit with the fists
paste	v.	cover the surface of
pasteboard	n.	stiff cardboard made by pasting together layers of paper
pastel	n.	any of various pale or light colors
pastel	adj.	lacking in body or vigor
pastel	adj.	delicate and pale in color
pastern	n.	the part between the fetlock and the hoof
pasternak	n.	Russian writer whose best known novel was banned by Soviet authorities but translated and published abroad (1890-1960)
pasteur	n.	French chemist and biologist whose discovery that fermentation is caused by microorganisms resulted in the process of pasteurization (1822-1895)
pasteurization	n.	partial sterilization of foods at a temperature that destroys harmful microorganisms without major changes in the chemistry of the food
pasteurize	v.	heat food in order to kill harmful microorganisms
pasteurized	v.	heat food in order to kill harmful microorganisms
pasteurized	adj.	having been subjected to pasteurization in order to halt fermentation
pastiche	n.	a musical composition consisting of a series of songs or other musical pieces from various sources
pastiche	n.	a work of art that imitates the style of some previous work
pastille	n.	a medicated lozenge used to soothe the throat
pastime	n.	a diversion that occupies one's time and thoughts (usually pleasantly)
pastor	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
pastor	n.	only the rose-colored starlings; in some classifications considered a separate genus
pastoral	n.	a musical composition that evokes rural life
pastoral	n.	a letter from a pastor to the congregation
pastoral	n.	a literary work idealizing the rural life (especially the life of shepherds)
pastoral	adj.	of or relating to a pastor
pastoral	adj.	relating to shepherds or herdsmen or devoted to raising sheep or cattle
pastoral	adj.	(used with regard to idealized country life) idyllically rustic
pastorate	n.	pastors collectively
pastorate	n.	the position of pastor
pastrami	n.	highly seasoned cut of smoked beef
pastry	n.	a dough of flour and water and shortening
pastry	n.	any of various baked foods made of dough or batter
pasturage	n.	succulent herbaceous vegetation of pasture land
pasturage	n.	bulky food like grass or hay for browsing or grazing horses or cattle
pasture	n.	a field covered with grass or herbage and suitable for grazing by livestock
pasture	n.	bulky food like grass or hay for browsing or grazing horses or cattle
pasture	v.	let feed in a field or pasture or meadow
pasture	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
pastureland	n.	a field covered with grass or herbage and suitable for grazing by livestock
pasty	n.	small meat pie or turnover
pasty	n.	(usually used in the plural) one of a pair of adhesive patches worn to cover the nipples of exotic dancers and striptease performers
pasty	adj.	resembling paste in color; pallid
pasty	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
pat	n.	the sound made by a gentle blow
pat	n.	a light touch or stroke
pat	v.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin
pat	v.	hit lightly
pat	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
pat	adj.	exactly suited to the occasion
pat	adv.	completely or perfectly
patagonia	n.	region in southern South America between the Andes and the South Atlantic
patch	n.	a small contrasting part of something
patch	n.	a small area of ground covered by specific vegetation
patch	n.	a piece of cloth used as decoration or to mend or cover a hole
patch	n.	a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action or condition
patch	n.	a short set of commands to correct a bug in a computer program
patch	n.	a connection intended to be used for a limited time
patch	n.	sewing that repairs a worn or torn hole (especially in a garment)
patch	n.	a protective cloth covering for an injured eye
patch	n.	a piece of soft material that covers and protects an injured part of the body
patch	v.	to join or unite the pieces of
patch	v.	provide with a patch; also used metaphorically
patch	v.	mend by putting a patch on
patch	v.	repair by adding pieces
patchily	adv.	in spots
patchiness	n.	unevenness in quality or performance
patchouli	n.	small East Indian shrubby mint; fragrant oil from its leaves is used in perfumes
patchouli	n.	a heavy perfume made from the patchouli plant
patchwork	n.	a theory or argument made up of miscellaneous or incongruous ideas
patchwork	n.	a quilt made by sewing patches of different materials together
patchwork	n.	sewing consisting of pieces of different materials sewn together in a pattern
patchy	adj.	irregular or uneven in quality, texture, etc.
pate	n.	liver or meat or fowl finely minced or ground and variously seasoned
pate	n.	the top of the head
patella	n.	a small flat triangular bone in front of the knee that protects the knee joint
patella	n.	type genus of the family Patellidae: common European limpets
patellae	n.	a small flat triangular bone in front of the knee that protects the knee joint
patellae	n.	type genus of the family Patellidae: common European limpets
patent	n.	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention
patent	n.	an official document granting a right or privilege
patent	v.	obtain a patent for
patent	v.	grant rights to; grant a patent for
patent	v.	make open to sight or notice
patent	adj.	(of a bodily tube or passageway) open; affording free passage
patent	adj.	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
paterfamilias	n.	the male head of family or tribe
paternal	adj.	belonging to or inherited from one's father
paternal	adj.	characteristic of a father
paternal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or befitting a parent
paternal	adj.	related on the father's side
paternalism	n.	the attitude (of a person or a government) that subordinates should be controlled in a fatherly way for their own good
paternalistic	adj.	benevolent but sometimes intrusive
paternity	n.	the state of being a father
paternity	n.	the kinship relation between an offspring and the father
paternity	n.	the act of initiating a new idea or theory or writing
paternoster	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the Lord's Prayer in Latin; translates as `our father'
paternoster	n.	a type of lift having a chain of open compartments that move continually in an endless loop so that (agile) passengers can step on or off at each floor
paterson	n.	American Revolutionary leader (born in Ireland) who was a member of the Constitutional Convention (1745-1806)
paterson	n.	a city of northeastern New Jersey
path	n.	a course of conduct
path	n.	a way especially designed for a particular use
path	n.	an established line of travel or access
path	n.	a line or route along which something travels or moves
pathetic	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
pathetic	adj.	inspiring mixed contempt and pity
pathetic	adj.	inspiring scornful pity; - Dashiell Hammett
pathetically	adv.	in a manner arousing sympathy and compassion
pathetically	adv.	arousing scornful pity
pathfinder	n.	someone who can find paths through unexplored territory
pathless	adj.	lacking pathways
pathogen	n.	any disease-producing agent (especially a virus or bacterium or other microorganism)
pathogenic	adj.	able to cause disease
pathological	adj.	of or relating to the practice of pathology
pathological	adj.	caused by or evidencing a mentally disturbed condition
pathological	adj.	caused by or altered by or manifesting disease or pathology
pathologist	n.	a doctor who specializes in medical diagnosis
pathology	n.	the branch of medical science that studies the causes and nature and effects of diseases
pathology	n.	any deviation from a healthy or normal condition
pathos	n.	a quality that arouses emotions (especially pity or sorrow)
pathos	n.	a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others
pathos	n.	a style that has the power to evoke feelings
paths	n.	a course of conduct
paths	n.	a way especially designed for a particular use
paths	n.	an established line of travel or access
paths	n.	a line or route along which something travels or moves
pathway	n.	a bundle of myelinated nerve fibers following a path through the brain
pathway	n.	a trodden path
patience	n.	good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence
patience	n.	a card game played by one person
patient	n.	a person who requires medical care
patient	n.	the semantic role of an entity that is not the agent but is directly involved in or affected by the happening denoted by the verb in the clause
patient	adj.	enduring trying circumstances with even temper or characterized by such endurance
patienter	adj.	enduring trying circumstances with even temper or characterized by such endurance
patiently	adv.	with patience; in a patient manner
patina	n.	a fine coating of oxide on the surface of a metal
patio	n.	usually paved outdoor area adjoining a residence
patisserie	n.	a bakery specializing in French pastry
patois	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
patois	n.	a regional dialect of a language (especially French); usually considered substandard
patresfamilias	n.	the male head of family or tribe
patriarch	n.	title for the heads of the Eastern Orthodox Churches (in Istanbul and Alexandria and Moscow and Jerusalem)
patriarch	n.	the male head of family or tribe
patriarch	n.	any of the early biblical characters regarded as fathers of the human race
patriarch	n.	a man who is older and higher in rank than yourself
patriarchal	adj.	characteristic of a form of social organization in which the male is the family head and title is traced through the male line
patriarchal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a man who is older or higher in rank
patriarchate	n.	the jurisdiction of a patriarch
patriarchate	n.	a form of social organization in which a male is the family head and title is traced through the male line
patriarchs	n.	title for the heads of the Eastern Orthodox Churches (in Istanbul and Alexandria and Moscow and Jerusalem)
patriarchs	n.	the male head of family or tribe
patriarchs	n.	any of the early biblical characters regarded as fathers of the human race
patriarchs	n.	a man who is older and higher in rank than yourself
patriarchy	n.	a form of social organization in which a male is the family head and title is traced through the male line
patrician	n.	a person of refined upbringing and manners
patrician	n.	a member of the aristocracy
patrician	adj.	befitting a person of noble origin
patrician	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy
patricide	n.	a person who murders their father
patricide	n.	the murder of your father
patrick	n.	Apostle and patron saint of Ireland; an English missionary to Ireland in the 5th century
patrimonial	adj.	inherited or inheritable by established rules (usually legal rules) of descent
patrimony	n.	a church endowment
patrimony	n.	an inheritance coming by right of birth (especially by primogeniture)
patriot	n.	one who loves and defends his or her country
patriotic	adj.	inspired by love for your country
patriotically	adv.	in a patriotic manner
patriotism	n.	love of country and willingness to sacrifice for it
patrol	n.	a detachment used for security or reconnaissance
patrol	n.	the activity of going around or through an area at regular intervals for security purposes
patrol	n.	a group that goes through a region at regular intervals for the purpose of security
patrol	v.	maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol
patrolled	v.	maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol
patrolling	v.	maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol
patrolman	n.	a policeman who patrols a given region
patrolmen	n.	a policeman who patrols a given region
patron	n.	a regular customer
patron	n.	the proprietor of an inn
patron	n.	someone who supports or champions something
patronage	n.	the act of providing approval and support
patronage	n.	customers collectively
patronage	n.	a communication that indicates lack of respect by patronizing the recipient
patronage	n.	(politics) granting favors or giving contracts or making appointments to office in return for political support
patronage	n.	the business given to a commercial establishment by its customers
patronage	v.	support by being a patron of
patronage	v.	be a regular customer or client of
patroness	n.	a woman who is a patron or the wife of a patron
patronize	v.	assume sponsorship of
patronize	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
patronize	v.	treat condescendingly
patronize	v.	be a regular customer or client of
patronizing	v.	assume sponsorship of
patronizing	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
patronizing	v.	treat condescendingly
patronizing	v.	be a regular customer or client of
patronizing	adj.	(used of behavior or attitude) characteristic of those who treat others with condescension
patronymic	n.	a family name derived from name of your father or a paternal ancestor (especially with an affix (such as -son in English or O'- in Irish) added to the name of your father or a paternal ancestor)
patronymic	adj.	of or derived from a personal or family name
patsy	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
patted	v.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin
patted	v.	hit lightly
patter	n.	plausible glib talk (especially useful to a salesperson)
patter	n.	a quick succession of light rapid sounds
patter	v.	rain gently
patter	v.	make light, rapid and repeated sounds
pattern	n.	a perceptual structure
pattern	n.	a customary way of operation or behavior
pattern	n.	a decorative or artistic work
pattern	n.	something regarded as a normative example
pattern	n.	a model considered worthy of imitation
pattern	n.	something intended as a guide for making something else
pattern	n.	the path that is prescribed for an airplane that is preparing to land at an airport
pattern	n.	graphical representation (in polar or Cartesian coordinates) of the spatial distribution of radiation from an antenna as a function of angle
pattern	v.	plan or create according to a model or models
pattern	v.	form a pattern
patting	v.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin
patting	v.	hit lightly
patty	n.	small flat mass of chopped food
patty	n.	small pie or pasty
patty	n.	round flat candy
paucity	n.	an insufficient quantity or number
paul	n.	United States feminist (1885-1977)
paul	n.	(New Testament) a Christian missionary to the Gentiles; author of several Epistles in the New Testament; even though Paul was not present at the Last Supper he is considered an Apostle
pauli	n.	United States physicist (born in Austria) who proposed the exclusion principle (thus providing a theoretical basis for the periodic table) (1900-1958)
pauline	adj.	relating to Paul the Apostle or his doctrines
pauling	n.	United States chemist who studied the nature of chemical bonding (1901-1994)
paunch	n.	a protruding abdomen
paunchy	adj.	having a large belly
pauper	n.	a person who is very poor
pauperism	n.	a state of extreme poverty or destitution
pauperize	v.	reduce to beggary
pause	n.	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
pause	n.	temporary inactivity
pause	v.	interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing
pause	v.	cease an action temporarily
pavarotti	n.	Italian tenor (born in 1935)
pave	n.	a setting with precious stones so closely set that no metal shows
pave	v.	cover with a material such as stone or concrete to make suitable for vehicle traffic
paved	v.	cover with a material such as stone or concrete to make suitable for vehicle traffic
paved	adj.	covered with a firm surface
pavement	n.	the paved surface of a thoroughfare
pavement	n.	material used to pave an area
pavement	n.	walk consisting of a paved area for pedestrians; usually beside a street or roadway
pavilion	n.	large and often sumptuous tent
paving	n.	material used to pave an area
paving	n.	the paved surface of a thoroughfare
paving	n.	the act of applying paving materials to an area
paving	v.	cover with a material such as stone or concrete to make suitable for vehicle traffic
pavlov	n.	Russian physiologist who observed conditioned salivary responses in dogs (1849-1936)
pavlova	n.	Russian ballerina (1882-1931)
pavlova	n.	a dessert consisting of a meringue base or cup filled with fruit and whipped cream
pavlovian	adj.	of or relating to Ivan Pavlov or his experiments
paw	n.	a clawed foot of an animal especially a quadruped
paw	n.	the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb
paw	v.	scrape with the paws
paw	v.	touch clumsily
pawl	n.	a hinged catch that fits into a notch of a ratchet to move a wheel forward or prevent it from moving backward
pawn	n.	an article deposited as security
pawn	n.	a person used by another to gain an end
pawn	n.	(chess) the least powerful piece; moves only forward and captures only to the side; it can be promoted to a more powerful piece if it reaches the 8th rank
pawn	n.	borrowing and leaving an article as security for repayment of the loan
pawn	v.	leave as a guarantee in return for money
pawnbroker	n.	a person who lends money at interest in exchange for personal property that is deposited as security
pawnee	n.	a member of the Pawnee nation formerly living in Nebraska and Kansas but now largely in Oklahoma
pawnee	n.	the Caddoan language spoken by the Pawnee
pawnshop	n.	a shop where loans are made with personal property as security
pawpaw	n.	tropical American shrub or small tree having huge deeply palmately cleft leaves and large oblong yellow fruit
pawpaw	n.	small tree native to the eastern United States having oblong leaves and fleshy fruit
pawpaw	n.	fruit with yellow flesh; related to custard apples
pay	n.	something that remunerates
pay	v.	give money, usually in exchange for goods or services
pay	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
pay	v.	cancel or discharge a debt
pay	v.	bring in
pay	v.	do or give something to somebody in return
pay	v.	dedicate
pay	v.	be worth it
pay	v.	render
pay	v.	bear (a cost or penalty), in recompense for some action
pay	v.	make a compensation for
pay	v.	discharge or settle
payback	n.	financial return or reward (especially returns equal to the initial investment)
payback	n.	the act of taking revenge (harming someone in retaliation for something harmful that they have done) especially in the next life; --Romans 12:19; --James Garfield
paycheck	n.	a check issued in payment of wages or salary
payday	n.	the day on which you receive pay for your work
payed	v.	give money, usually in exchange for goods or services
payed	v.	convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow
payed	v.	cancel or discharge a debt
payed	v.	bring in
payed	v.	do or give something to somebody in return
payed	v.	dedicate
payed	v.	be worth it
payed	v.	render
payed	v.	bear (a cost or penalty), in recompense for some action
payed	v.	make a compensation for
payed	v.	discharge or settle
payee	n.	a person to whom money is paid
payer	n.	a person who pays money for something
payload	n.	the front part of a guided missile or rocket or torpedo that carries the nuclear or explosive charge or the chemical or biological agents
payload	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
paymaster	n.	a person in charge of paying wages
payment	n.	a sum of money paid or a claim discharged
payment	n.	the act of paying money
payment	n.	an act of requiting; returning in kind
payoff	n.	the final payment of a debt
payoff	n.	payment made to a person in a position of trust to corrupt his judgment
payoff	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
payoff	n.	a recompense for worthy acts or retribution for wrongdoing
payola	n.	a bribe given to a disc jockey to induce him to promote a particular record
payroll	n.	a list of employees and their salaries
payroll	n.	the total amount of money paid in wages
payroll	n.	the department that determines the amounts of wage or salary due to each employee
payslip	n.	a slip of paper included with your pay that records how much money you have earned and how much tax or insurance etc. has been taken out
pb	n.	a soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element; bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey
pb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 terabits or 10^15 bits
pb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 terabytes or 10^15 bytes
pb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 tebibytes or 2^50 bytes
pbs	n.	a solution containing a phosphate buffer
pbs	n.	a soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element; bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey
pbs	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 terabits or 10^15 bits
pbs	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 terabytes or 10^15 bytes
pbs	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 tebibytes or 2^50 bytes
pc	n.	a small digital computer based on a microprocessor and designed to be used by one person at a time
pcp	n.	a person who helps in identifying or preventing or treating illness or disability
pcp	n.	a drug used as an anesthetic by veterinarians; illicitly taken (originally in the form of powder or `dust') for its effects as a hallucinogen
pct	n.	a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred)
pd	n.	a silver-white metallic element of the platinum group that resembles platinum; occurs in some copper and nickel ores; does not tarnish at ordinary temperatures and is used (alloyed with gold) in jewelry
pe	n.	the 17th letter of the Hebrew alphabet
pea	n.	seed of a pea plant used for food
pea	n.	the fruit or seed of a pea plant
pea	n.	a leguminous plant of the genus Pisum with small white flowers and long green pods containing edible green seeds
peabody	n.	educator who founded the first kindergarten in the United States (1804-1894)
peace	n.	the state prevailing during the absence of war
peace	n.	harmonious relations; freedom from disputes
peace	n.	the absence of mental stress or anxiety
peace	n.	the general security of public places
peace	n.	a treaty to cease hostilities
peaceable	adj.	inclined or disposed to peace
peaceable	adj.	not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war
peaceable	adj.	disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature
peaceably	adv.	in a peaceable manner
peaceful	adj.	not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war
peaceful	adj.	peacefully resistant in response to injustice
peacefulness	n.	a state that is calm and tranquil
peacefulness	n.	the absence of mental stress or anxiety
peacekeeper	n.	a member of a military force that is assigned (often with international sanction) to preserve peace in a trouble area
peacekeeper	n.	someone who keeps peace
peacekeeper	n.	the pistol of a law officer in the old West
peacekeeping	n.	the activity of keeping the peace by military forces (especially when international military forces enforce a truce between hostile groups or nations)
peacekeeping	adj.	of or relating to the preservation of peace between hostile groups by international military forces
peacemaker	n.	someone who tries to bring peace
peacemaker	n.	a belt-fed machine gun capable of firing more than 500 rounds per minute; used by United States troops in World War II and the Korean War
peacetime	n.	a period of time during which there is no war
peach	n.	cultivated in temperate regions
peach	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
peach	n.	downy juicy fruit with sweet yellowish or whitish flesh
peach	n.	a shade of pink tinged with yellow
peach	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
peachy	adj.	very good
peachy	adj.	of something resembling a peach in color
peacock	n.	European butterfly having reddish-brown wings each marked with a purple eyespot
peacock	n.	male peafowl; having a crested head and very large fanlike tail marked with iridescent eyes or spots
peafowl	n.	very large terrestrial southeast Asian pheasant often raised as an ornamental bird
peahen	n.	female peafowl
peak	n.	the most extreme possible amount or value
peak	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
peak	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
peak	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
peak	n.	a V shape
peak	n.	the highest point (of something)
peak	n.	a brim that projects to the front to shade the eyes
peak	v.	to reach the highest point; attain maximum intensity, activity
peaky	adj.	having or as if having especially high-pitched spots
peal	n.	a deep prolonged sound (as of thunder or large bells)
peal	v.	ring recurrently
peal	v.	sound loudly and sonorously
peanut	n.	underground pod of the peanut vine
peanut	n.	widely cultivated American plant cultivated in tropical and warm regions; showy yellow flowers on stalks that bend over to the soil so that seed pods ripen underground
peanut	n.	a young child who is small for his age
peanut	n.	pod of the peanut vine containing usually 2 nuts or seeds; `groundnut' and `monkey nut' are British terms
peanut	adj.	of little importance or influence or power; of minor status
pear	n.	sweet juicy gritty-textured fruit available in many varieties
pear	n.	Old World tree having sweet gritty-textured juicy fruit; widely cultivated in many varieties
pearl	n.	a smooth lustrous round structure inside the shell of a clam or oyster; much valued as a jewel
pearl	n.	a shade of white the color of bleached bones
pearl	n.	a shape that is spherical and small
pearl	v.	gather pearls, from oysters in the ocean
pearly	n.	informal terms for a human `tooth'
pearly	adj.	of a white the color of pearls
peary	n.	United States Arctic explorer and United States naval officer who has been regarded as the first man to reach the North Pole (1856-1920)
peasant	n.	a country person
peasant	n.	one of a (chiefly European) class of agricultural laborers
peasant	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
peasantry	n.	the class of peasants
peat	n.	partially carbonized vegetable matter saturated with water; can be used as a fuel when dried
peaty	adj.	of or pertaining to or of the nature of peat
pebble	n.	a small smooth rounded rock
pebbly	adj.	abounding in small stones
pecan	n.	wood of a pecan tree
pecan	n.	tree of southern United States and Mexico cultivated for its nuts
pecan	n.	smooth brown oval nut of south central United States
peccadillo	n.	a petty misdeed
peccadilloes	n.	a petty misdeed
peccary	n.	nocturnal gregarious pig-like wild animals of North America and South America
peck	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
peck	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 2 gallons
peck	n.	a United States dry measure equal to 8 quarts or 537.605 cubic inches
peck	v.	hit lightly with a picking motion
peck	v.	eat by pecking at, like a bird
peck	v.	kiss lightly
peck	v.	eat like a bird
peck	v.	bother persistently with trivial complaints
peckish	adj.	somewhat hungry
peckish	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
pecos	n.	a tributary of the Rio Grande that flows southeastward from New Mexico through western Texas
pecs	n.	either of two large muscles of the chest
pectic	adj.	of or relating to or derived from pectin
pectin	n.	any of various water-soluble colloidal carbohydrates that occur in ripe fruit and vegetables; used in making fruit jellies and jams
pectoral	n.	either of two large muscles of the chest
pectoral	n.	an adornment worn on the chest or breast
pectoral	adj.	of or relating to the chest or thorax
pectoralis	n.	either of two large muscles of the chest
peculate	v.	appropriate (as property entrusted to one's care) fraudulently to one's own use
peculation	n.	the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else
peculator	n.	someone who violates a trust by taking (money) for his own use
peculiar	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
peculiar	adj.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category
peculiar	adj.	markedly different from the usual; ; -Virginia Woolf
peculiar	adj.	characteristic of one only; distinctive or special; - R.B.Taney
peculiarity	n.	an odd or unusual characteristic
peculiarity	n.	a distinguishing trait
peculiarity	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
pecuniary	adj.	relating to or involving money
pedagogic	adj.	of or relating to pedagogy
pedagogical	adj.	of or relating to pedagogy
pedagogue	n.	someone who educates young people
pedagogy	n.	the principles and methods of instruction
pedagogy	n.	the profession of a teacher
pedagogy	n.	the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill
pedal	n.	a sustained bass note
pedal	n.	a lever that is operated with the foot
pedal	v.	ride a bicycle
pedal	v.	operate the pedals on a keyboard instrument
pedal	adj.	of or relating to the feet
pedant	n.	a person who pays more attention to formal rules and book learning than they merit
pedantic	adj.	marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspects
pedantically	adv.	in a pedantic manner
pedantry	n.	an ostentatious and inappropriate display of learning
peddle	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
peddler	n.	someone who travels about selling his wares (as on the streets or at carnivals)
peddler	n.	an unlicensed dealer in illegal drugs
pederast	n.	a man who has sex (usually sodomy) with a boy as the passive partner
pederasty	n.	sexual relations between a man and a boy (usually anal intercourse with the boy as a passive partner)
pedestal	n.	a support or foundation
pedestal	n.	a position of great esteem (and supposed superiority)
pedestal	n.	an architectural support or base (as for a column or statue)
pedestrian	n.	a person who travels by foot
pedestrian	adj.	lacking wit or imagination
pediatric	adj.	of or relating to the medical care of children
pediatrician	n.	a specialist in the care of babies
pediatrics	n.	the branch of medicine concerned with the treatment of infants and children
pedicab	n.	a tricycle (usually propelled by pedalling); used in the Orient for transporting passengers for hire
pedicure	n.	professional care for the feet and toenails
pedicure	v.	care for one's feet by cutting and shaping the nails, etc.
pedigree	n.	the descendants of one individual
pedigree	n.	line of descent of a purebred animal
pedigree	n.	ancestry of a purebred animal
pedigree	adj.	having a list of ancestors as proof of being a purebred animal
pediment	n.	a triangular gable between a horizontal entablature and a sloping roof
pedometer	n.	measuring instrument for recording the number of steps taken in walking
pedophile	n.	an adult who is sexually attracted to children
pedophilia	n.	a sexual attraction to children
peduncle	n.	the thin process of tissue that attaches a polyp to the body
peduncle	n.	stalk bearing an inflorescence or solitary flower
peduncle	n.	a bundle of myelinated neurons joining different parts of the brain
pee	n.	liquid excretory product
pee	n.	informal terms for urination
pee	v.	eliminate urine
peeing	n.	informal terms for urination
peeing	v.	eliminate urine
peek	n.	a secret look
peek	v.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at
peekaboo	n.	a game played with young children; you hide your face and suddenly reveal it as you say boo!
peel	n.	British politician (1788-1850)
peel	n.	the rind of a fruit or vegetable
peel	v.	strip the skin off
peel	v.	come off in flakes or thin small pieces
peel	v.	get undressed
peeled	v.	strip the skin off
peeled	v.	come off in flakes or thin small pieces
peeled	v.	get undressed
peeled	adj.	(used informally) completely unclothed
peeler	n.	a performer who provides erotic entertainment by undressing to music
peeler	n.	a worker who peels the skins from fruits and vegetables
peeler	n.	a device for peeling vegetables or fruits
peeling	n.	loss of bits of outer skin by peeling or shedding or coming off in scales
peeling	v.	strip the skin off
peeling	v.	come off in flakes or thin small pieces
peeling	v.	get undressed
peen	n.	the part of a hammerhead opposite the flat striking surface (may have various shapes)
peep	n.	the short weak cry of a young bird
peep	n.	a secret look
peep	v.	look furtively
peep	v.	cause to appear
peep	v.	make high-pitched sounds
peep	v.	speak in a hesitant and high-pitched tone of voice
peep	v.	appear as though from hiding
peeper	n.	a viewer who enjoys seeing the sex acts or sex organs of others
peeper	n.	an informal term referring to the eye
peeper	n.	an animal that makes short high-pitched sounds
peephole	n.	a hole (in a door or an oven etc) through which you can peep
peepshow	n.	an exhibition of pictures or objects viewed through a small hole or magnifying glass
peepshow	n.	a short pornographic film shown in a small coin-operated booth
peer	n.	a person who is of equal standing with another in a group
peer	n.	a nobleman (duke or marquis or earl or viscount or baron) who is a member of the British peerage
peer	v.	look searchingly
peerage	n.	the peers of a kingdom considered as a group
peeress	n.	a woman of the peerage in Britain
peerless	adj.	eminent beyond or above comparison
peeve	n.	an annoyed or irritated mood
peeve	v.	cause to be annoyed, irritated, or resentful
peevish	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
peevishness	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
peevishness	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
peewee	n.	disparaging terms for small people
peewee	n.	small olive-colored woodland flycatchers of eastern North America
peewit	n.	large crested Old World plover having wattles and spurs
peewit	n.	small olive-colored woodland flycatchers of eastern North America
peg	n.	a wooden pin pushed or driven into a surface
peg	n.	small markers inserted into a surface to mark scores or define locations etc.
peg	n.	informal terms for the leg
peg	n.	a prosthesis that replaces a missing leg
peg	n.	regulator that can be turned to regulate the pitch of the strings of a stringed instrument
peg	n.	a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing
peg	v.	succeed in obtaining a position
peg	v.	pierce with a wooden pin or knock or thrust a wooden pin into
peg	v.	fasten or secure with a wooden pin
peg	v.	stabilize (the price of a commodity or an exchange rate) by legislation or market operations
pegasus	n.	(Greek mythology) the immortal winged horse that sprang from the blood of the slain Medusa; was tamed by Bellerophon with the help of a bridle given him by Athena; as the flying horse of the Muses it is a symbol of highflying imagination
pegasus	n.	a constellation in the northern hemisphere near Andromeda and Pisces
pegboard	n.	a board perforated with regularly spaced holes into which pegs can be fitted
pegged	v.	succeed in obtaining a position
pegged	v.	pierce with a wooden pin or knock or thrust a wooden pin into
pegged	v.	fasten or secure with a wooden pin
pegged	v.	stabilize (the price of a commodity or an exchange rate) by legislation or market operations
pegging	v.	succeed in obtaining a position
pegging	v.	pierce with a wooden pin or knock or thrust a wooden pin into
pegging	v.	fasten or secure with a wooden pin
pegging	v.	stabilize (the price of a commodity or an exchange rate) by legislation or market operations
pei	n.	United States architect (born in China in 1917)
peignoir	n.	a loose dressing gown for women
peiping	n.	capital of the People's Republic of China in the Hebei province in northeastern China; 2nd largest Chinese city
pejorative	adj.	expressing disapproval
peke	n.	a Chinese breed of small short-legged dogs with a long silky coat and broad flat muzzle
pekineses	n.	a Chinese breed of small short-legged dogs with a long silky coat and broad flat muzzle
peking	n.	capital of the People's Republic of China in the Hebei province in northeastern China; 2nd largest Chinese city
pekingese	n.	a Chinese breed of small short-legged dogs with a long silky coat and broad flat muzzle
pekoe	n.	a superior grade of black tea; grown in India and Sri Lanka and Java
pelagic	adj.	relating to or occurring or living in or frequenting the open ocean
pelf	n.	informal terms for money
pelican	n.	large long-winged warm-water seabird having a large bill with a distensible pouch for fish
pellagra	n.	a disease caused by deficiency of niacin or tryptophan (or by a defect in the metabolic conversion of tryptophan to niacin); characterized by gastrointestinal disturbances and erythema and nervous or mental disorders; may be caused by malnutrition or alcoholism or other nutritional impairments
pellet	n.	a small sphere
pellet	n.	a solid missile discharged from a firearm
pellucid	adj.	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
pellucid	adj.	(of language) transparently clear; easily understandable; ; ; - Robert Burton
pelmet	n.	a decorative framework to conceal curtain fixtures at the top of a window casing
peloponnese	n.	the southern peninsula of Greece; dominated by Sparta until the 4th century BC
pelt	n.	the dressed hairy coat of a mammal
pelt	n.	body covering of a living animal
pelt	v.	cast, hurl, or throw repeatedly with some missile
pelt	v.	attack and bombard with or as if with missiles
pelt	v.	rain heavily
pelvic	adj.	of or relating to the pelvis
pelvis	n.	the structure of the vertebrate skeleton supporting the lower limbs in humans and the hind limbs or corresponding parts in other vertebrates
pelvis	n.	a structure shaped like a funnel in the outlet of the kidney into which urine is discharged before passing into the ureter
pembroke	n.	the smaller and straight-legged variety of corgi having pointed ears and a short tail
pemmican	n.	lean dried meat pounded fine and mixed with melted fat; used especially by North American Indians
pen	n.	a writing implement with a point from which ink flows
pen	n.	an enclosure for confining livestock
pen	n.	a portable enclosure in which babies may be left to play
pen	n.	a correctional institution for those convicted of major crimes
pen	n.	female swan
pen	v.	produce a literary work
penal	adj.	of or relating to punishment
penal	adj.	serving as or designed to impose punishment
penal	adj.	subject to punishment by law
penalization	n.	the act of punishing
penalize	v.	impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on
penalty	n.	the act of punishing
penalty	n.	a payment required for not fulfilling a contract
penalty	n.	the disadvantage or painful consequences of an action or condition
penalty	n.	(games) a handicap or disadvantage that is imposed on a competitor (or a team) for an infraction of the rules of the game
penance	n.	remorse for your past conduct
penance	n.	a Catholic sacrament; repentance and confession and atonement and absolution
penance	n.	voluntary self-punishment in order to atone for some wrongdoing
pence	n.	a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal to one hundredth of a pound
pence	n.	a coin worth one-hundredth of the value of the basic unit
penchant	n.	a strong liking
pencil	n.	a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance encased in wood
pencil	n.	graphite (or a similar substance) used in such a way as to be a medium of communication
pencil	n.	a figure formed by a set of straight lines or light rays meeting at a point
pencil	n.	a cosmetic in a long thin stick; designed to be applied to a particular part of the face
pencil	v.	write, draw, or trace with a pencil
pendant	n.	an adornment that hangs from a piece of jewelry (necklace or earring)
pendant	n.	branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling
pendant	adj.	held from above
pendent	n.	an adornment that hangs from a piece of jewelry (necklace or earring)
pendent	n.	branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling
pendent	adj.	held from above
pendulous	adj.	having branches or flower heads that bend downward
pendulum	n.	an apparatus consisting of an object mounted so that it swings freely under the influence of gravity
penelope	n.	(Greek mythology) the wife of Odysseus and a symbol of devotion and fidelity; for 10 years while Odysseus fought the Trojan War she resisted numerous suitors until Odysseus returned and killed them
penelope	n.	a genus of guans (turkey-like arboreal birds valued as game and food birds)
penetrability	n.	the quality of being penetrable (by people or light or missiles etc.)
penetrable	adj.	admitting of penetration or passage into or through
penetrable	adj.	capable of being penetrated
penetrate	v.	pass into or through, often by overcoming resistance
penetrate	v.	come to understand
penetrate	v.	become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions
penetrate	v.	enter a group or organization in order to spy on the members
penetrate	v.	make one's way deeper into or through
penetrate	v.	insert the penis into the vagina or anus of
penetrate	v.	spread or diffuse through
penetrating	v.	pass into or through, often by overcoming resistance
penetrating	v.	come to understand
penetrating	v.	become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions
penetrating	v.	enter a group or organization in order to spy on the members
penetrating	v.	make one's way deeper into or through
penetrating	v.	insert the penis into the vagina or anus of
penetrating	v.	spread or diffuse through
penetrating	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
penetrating	adj.	tending to penetrate; having the power of entering or piercing
penetration	n.	an attack that penetrates into enemy territory
penetration	n.	clear or deep perception of a situation
penetration	n.	the act of entering into or through something
penetration	n.	the ability to make way into or through something
penetration	n.	the depth to which something penetrates (especially the depth reached by a projectile that hits a target)
penetration	n.	the act (by a man) of inserting his penis into the vagina of a woman
penguin	n.	short-legged flightless birds of cold southern especially Antarctic regions having webbed feet and wings modified as flippers
penicillin	n.	any of various antibiotics obtained from Penicillium molds (or produced synthetically) and used in the treatment of various infections and diseases
penile	adj.	of or relating to the penis
peninsula	n.	a large mass of land projecting into a body of water
peninsular	adj.	of or forming or resembling a peninsula
penis	n.	the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism)
penitence	n.	remorse for your past conduct
penitent	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a person who repents for wrongdoing (a Roman Catholic may be admitted to penance under the direction of a confessor)
penitent	adj.	feeling or expressing remorse for misdeeds
penitential	adj.	showing or constituting penance
penitentiary	n.	a correctional institution for those convicted of major crimes
penitentiary	adj.	used for punishment or reform of criminals or wrongdoers
penitentiary	adj.	showing or constituting penance
penknife	n.	a small pocketknife; originally used to cut quill pens
penknives	n.	a small pocketknife; originally used to cut quill pens
penlight	n.	a small flashlight resembling a fountain pen
penman	n.	informal terms for journalists
penmanship	n.	beautiful handwriting
penmen	n.	informal terms for journalists
penn	n.	Englishman and Quaker who founded the colony of Pennsylvania (1644-1718)
penn	n.	a university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
pennant	n.	the award given to the champion
pennant	n.	a flag longer than it is wide (and often tapering)
pennant	n.	a long flag; often tapering
penned	v.	produce a literary work
penniless	adj.	not having enough money to pay for necessities
penning	n.	the act of creating written works
penning	v.	produce a literary work
pennon	n.	a long flag; often tapering
pennon	n.	wing of a bird
pennsylvania	n.	a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
pennsylvania	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
pennsylvania	n.	a university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
pennsylvanian	n.	from 310 million to 280 million years ago; warm climate; swampy land
pennsylvanian	n.	a native or resident of Pennsylvania
penny	n.	a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal to one hundredth of a pound
penny	n.	a coin worth one-hundredth of the value of the basic unit
pennyweight	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to 24 grains
pennyworth	n.	the amount that can be bought for a penny
penologist	n.	a person who studies the theory and practice of prison management
penology	n.	the branch of criminology concerned with prison management and prisoner rehabilitation
pensacola	n.	a town in extreme northwest Florida
pension	n.	a regular payment to a person that is intended to allow them to subsist without working
pension	v.	grant a pension to
pensioner	n.	the beneficiary of a pension fund
pensive	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
pensive	adj.	showing pensive sadness
pensiveness	n.	persistent morbid meditation on a problem
pensiveness	n.	deep serious thoughtfulness
pent	v.	produce a literary work
pent	adj.	closely confined
pentacle	n.	a star with 5 points; formed by 5 straight lines between the vertices of a pentagon and enclosing another pentagon
pentagon	n.	a government building with five sides that serves as the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense
pentagon	n.	the United States military establishment
pentagon	n.	a five-sided polygon
pentagonal	adj.	of or relating to or shaped like a pentagon
pentagram	n.	a star with 5 points; formed by 5 straight lines between the vertices of a pentagon and enclosing another pentagon
pentameter	n.	a verse line having five metrical feet
pentateuch	n.	the first of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures comprising the first five books of the Hebrew Bible considered as a unit
pentathlete	n.	an athlete who competes in a pentathlon
pentathlon	n.	an athletic contest consisting of five different events
pentecost	n.	seventh Sunday after Easter; commemorates the emanation of the Holy Spirit to the Apostles; a quarter day in Scotland
pentecost	n.	(Judaism) Jewish holy day celebrated on the sixth of Sivan to celebrate Moses receiving the Ten Commandments
pentecostal	n.	any member of a Pentecostal religious body
pentecostal	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of any of various Pentecostal religious bodies or their members
pentecostal	adj.	of or relating to or occurring at Pentecost
pentecostalism	n.	the principles and practices of Pentecostal religious groups; characterized by religious excitement and talking in tongues
penthouse	n.	an apartment located on the top floors of a building
penuche	n.	fudge made with brown sugar and butter and milk and nuts
penultimate	n.	the next to last syllable in a word
penultimate	adj.	next to the last
penumbra	n.	a fringe region of partial shadow around an umbra
penumbrae	n.	a fringe region of partial shadow around an umbra
penurious	adj.	not having enough money to pay for necessities
penurious	adj.	excessively unwilling to spend
penuriousness	n.	a state of lacking money
penuriousness	n.	a disposition to be niggardly with money
penury	n.	a state of extreme poverty or destitution
peon	n.	a laborer who is obliged to do menial work
peonage	n.	the condition of a peon
peonage	n.	the practice of making a debtor work for his creditor until the debt is discharged
peony	n.	any of numerous plants widely cultivated for their showy single or double red or pink or white flowers
people	n.	(plural) any group of human beings (men or women or children) collectively
people	n.	the body of citizens of a state or country
people	n.	members of a family line
people	n.	the common people generally
people	v.	fill with people
people	v.	furnish with people
peoria	n.	a city in central Illinois on the Illinois River
pep	n.	liveliness and energy
pepin	n.	king of the Franks and father of Charlemagne who defended papal interests and founded the Carolingian dynasty in 751 (714-768)
pepper	n.	climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India and Sri Lanka; naturalized in northern Burma and Assam
pepper	n.	any of various tropical plants of the genus Capsicum bearing peppers
pepper	n.	pungent seasoning from the berry of the common pepper plant of East India; use whole or ground
pepper	n.	sweet and hot varieties of fruits of plants of the genus Capsicum
pepper	v.	add pepper to
pepper	v.	attack and bombard with or as if with missiles
peppercorn	n.	pungent seasoning from the berry of the common pepper plant of East India; use whole or ground
peppermint	n.	herb with downy leaves and small purple or white flowers that yields a pungent oil used as a flavoring
peppermint	n.	red gum tree of Tasmania
peppermint	n.	a candy flavored with peppermint oil
pepperoni	n.	a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage)
peppery	adj.	having the piquant burning taste of peppers
peppiness	n.	liveliness and energy
peppy	adj.	marked by lively action
pepsi	n.	Pepsi Cola is a trademarked cola
pepsin	n.	an enzyme produced in the stomach that splits proteins into peptones
peptic	adj.	relating to or promoting digestion
peptide	n.	amide combining the amino group of one amino acid with the carboxyl group of another; usually obtained by partial hydrolysis of protein
pepys	n.	English diarist whose diary contained detailed descriptions of 17th century disasters in England (1633-1703)
peradventure	n.	doubt or uncertainty as to whether something is the case
peradventure	adv.	by chance
perambulate	v.	make an official inspection on foot of (the bounds of a property)
perambulate	v.	walk with no particular goal
perambulation	n.	a walk around a territory (a parish or manor or forest etc.) in order to officially assert and record its boundaries
perambulation	n.	a leisurely walk (usually in some public place)
perambulator	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
percale	n.	a fine closely woven cotton fabric
perceive	v.	to become aware of through the senses
perceive	v.	become conscious of
perceived	v.	to become aware of through the senses
perceived	v.	become conscious of
perceived	adj.	detected by instinct or inference rather than by recognized perceptual cues
perceived	adj.	detected by means of the senses
percent	n.	a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred)
percentage	n.	a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred)
percentage	n.	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group
percentile	n.	(statistics) any of the 99 numbered points that divide an ordered set of scores into 100 parts each of which contains one-hundredth of the total
perceptible	adj.	capable of being perceived by the mind or senses
perceptible	adj.	easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind
perceptible	adj.	easily seen or detected
perceptibly	adv.	in a noticeable manner
perception	n.	the representation of what is perceived; basic component in the formation of a concept
perception	n.	a way of conceiving something
perception	n.	the process of perceiving
perception	n.	knowledge gained by perceiving
perception	n.	becoming aware of something via the senses
perceptive	adj.	of or relating to perception
perceptive	adj.	having the ability to perceive or understand; keen in discernment
perceptiveness	n.	a feeling of understanding
perceptiveness	n.	delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values)
perceptiveness	n.	perception of that which is obscure
perceptiveness	n.	the quality of insight and sympathetic understanding
perceptual	adj.	of or relating to the act of perceiving
perch	n.	support consisting of a branch or rod that serves as a resting place (especially for a bird)
perch	n.	a linear measure of 16.5 feet
perch	n.	a square rod of land
perch	n.	an elevated place serving as a seat
perch	n.	any of numerous fishes of America and Europe
perch	n.	spiny-finned freshwater food and game fishes
perch	n.	any of numerous spiny-finned fishes of various families of the order Perciformes
perch	v.	sit, as on a branch
perch	v.	to come to rest, settle
perch	v.	cause to perch or sit
perchance	adv.	through chance,
perchance	adv.	by chance
percheron	n.	one of a breed of grey or black draft horses originally used in France to draw heavy coaches or artillery
percipient	n.	a person who becomes aware (of things or events) through the senses
percipient	adj.	characterized by ease and quickness in perceiving
percolate	n.	the product of percolation
percolate	v.	permeate or penetrate gradually
percolate	v.	spread gradually
percolate	v.	prepare in a percolator
percolate	v.	cause (a solvent) to pass through a permeable substance in order to extract a soluble constituent
percolate	v.	pass through
percolate	v.	gain or regain energy
percolation	n.	the slow passage of a liquid through a filtering medium
percolation	n.	the act of making coffee in a percolator
percolation	n.	the filtration of a liquid for extraction or purification
percolator	n.	a coffeepot in which boiling water ascends through a central tube and filters back down through a basket of ground coffee beans
percussion	n.	the act of playing a percussion instrument
percussion	n.	the act of exploding a percussion cap
percussion	n.	the section of a band or orchestra that plays percussion instruments
percussion	n.	tapping a part of the body for diagnostic purposes
percussionist	n.	a musician who plays percussion instruments
percussive	adj.	involving percussion or featuring percussive instruments
percy	n.	United States writer whose novels explored human alienation (1916-1990)
percy	n.	English soldier killed in a rebellion against Henry IV (1364-1403)
perdition	n.	(Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment; - John Milton; ; -Dr. Johnson
perdurable	adj.	very long lasting
peregrinate	v.	travel around, through, or over, especially on foot
peregrination	n.	traveling or wandering around
peregrine	n.	a widely distributed falcon formerly used in falconry
peregrine	adj.	migratory
peremptorily	adv.	in an imperative and commanding manner
peremptory	adj.	offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power
peremptory	adj.	not allowing contradiction or refusal
peremptory	adj.	putting an end to all debate or action
perennial	n.	(botany) a plant lasting for three seasons or more
perennial	adj.	lasting three seasons or more
perennial	adj.	lasting an indefinitely long time; suggesting self-renewal
perennial	adj.	recurring again and again
perestroika	n.	an economic policy adopted in the former Soviet Union; intended to increase automation and labor efficiency but it led eventually to the end of central planning in the Russian economy
perfect	n.	a tense of verbs used in describing action that has been completed (sometimes regarded as perfective aspect)
perfect	v.	make perfect or complete
perfect	adj.	being complete of its kind and without defect or blemish
perfect	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
perfect	adj.	precisely accurate or exact
perfecta	n.	a bet that you can pick the first and second finishers in the right order
perfectibility	n.	the capability of becoming perfect
perfectible	adj.	capable of becoming or being made perfect
perfection	n.	the state of being without a flaw or defect
perfection	n.	an ideal instance; a perfect embodiment of a concept
perfection	n.	the act of making something perfect
perfectionism	n.	a disposition to feel that anything less than perfect is unacceptable
perfectionist	n.	a person who is displeased by anything that does not meet very high standards
perfidious	adj.	tending to betray; especially having a treacherous character as attributed to the Carthaginians by the Romans
perfidy	n.	betrayal of a trust
perfidy	n.	an act of deliberate betrayal
perforate	v.	make a hole into or between, as for ease of separation
perforate	v.	pass into or through, often by overcoming resistance
perforate	adj.	having a hole cut through
perforation	n.	a line of small holes for tearing at a particular place
perforation	n.	a hole made in something
perforation	n.	the act of punching a hole (especially a row of holes as for ease of separation)
perforce	adv.	by necessity; by force of circumstance
perform	v.	carry out or perform an action
perform	v.	perform a function
perform	v.	give a performance (of something)
perform	v.	get (something) done
performance	n.	a dramatic or musical entertainment
performance	n.	the act of presenting a play or a piece of music or other entertainment
performance	n.	the act of performing; of doing something successfully; using knowledge as distinguished from merely possessing it
performance	n.	any recognized accomplishment
performance	n.	process or manner of functioning or operating
performed	v.	carry out or perform an action
performed	v.	perform a function
performed	v.	give a performance (of something)
performed	v.	get (something) done
performer	n.	an entertainer who performs a dramatic or musical work for an audience
perfume	n.	a distinctive odor that is pleasant
perfume	n.	a toiletry that emits and diffuses a fragrant odor
perfume	v.	fill or impregnate with an odor
perfume	v.	apply perfume to
perfumer	n.	a person who makes (and sells) perfumes
perfumery	n.	perfumes in general
perfumery	n.	store where perfumes are sold
perfumery	n.	an establishment where perfumes are made
perfumery	n.	the art of making perfumes
perfunctorily	adv.	in a set manner without serious attention
perfunctory	adj.	hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough
perfunctory	adj.	as a formality only
perfusion	n.	pumping a liquid into an organ or tissue (especially by way of blood vessels)
pergola	n.	a framework that supports climbing plants
perhaps	adv.	by chance
pericardia	n.	a serous membrane with two layers that surrounds the heart
pericardial	adj.	located around the heart or relating to or affecting the pericardium
pericarditis	n.	inflammation of the pericardium
pericardium	n.	a serous membrane with two layers that surrounds the heart
pericles	n.	Athenian statesman whose leadership contributed to Athens' political and cultural supremacy in Greece; he ordered the construction of the Parthenon (died in 429 BC)
perigee	n.	periapsis in Earth orbit; the point in its orbit where a satellite is nearest to the Earth
perihelia	n.	periapsis in solar orbit; the point in the orbit of a planet or comet where it is nearest to the sun
perihelion	n.	periapsis in solar orbit; the point in the orbit of a planet or comet where it is nearest to the sun
peril	n.	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
peril	n.	a state of danger involving risk
peril	n.	a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury
peril	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
peril	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
perilous	adj.	fraught with danger
perimeter	n.	the boundary line or the area immediately inside the boundary
perimeter	n.	a line enclosing a plane areas
perimeter	n.	the size of something as given by the distance around it
perinatal	adj.	occurring during the period around birth (5 months before and 1 month after)
perinea	n.	the general region between the anus and the genital organs
perineum	n.	the general region between the anus and the genital organs
period	n.	an amount of time
period	n.	the interval taken to complete one cycle of a regularly repeating phenomenon
period	n.	(ice hockey) one of three divisions into which play is divided in hockey games
period	n.	a unit of geological time during which a system of rocks formed
period	n.	the end or completion of something
period	n.	the monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of nonpregnant women from puberty to menopause; ; --Hippocrates; --Aristotle
period	n.	a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations
periodic	adj.	happening or recurring at regular intervals
periodic	adj.	recurring or reappearing from time to time
periodical	n.	a publication that appears at fixed intervals
periodical	adj.	happening or recurring at regular intervals
periodicity	n.	the quality of recurring at regular intervals
periodontal	adj.	of or relating to or involving or practicing periodontics
periodontics	n.	the branch of dentistry dealing with diseases of the gums and other structures around the teeth
periodontist	n.	a dentist specializing in diseases of the gums and other structure surrounding the teeth
peripatetic	n.	a person who walks from place to place
peripatetic	n.	a follower of Aristotle or an adherent of Aristotelianism
peripatetic	adj.	of or relating to Aristotle or his philosophy
peripatetic	adj.	traveling especially on foot
peripheral	n.	(computer science) electronic equipment connected by cable to the CPU of a computer
peripheral	adj.	on or near an edge or constituting an outer boundary; the outer area
peripheral	adj.	related to the key issue but not of central importance
periphery	n.	the outside boundary or surface of something
periphrases	n.	a style that involves indirect ways of expressing things
periphrasis	n.	a style that involves indirect ways of expressing things
periphrastic	adj.	roundabout and unnecessarily wordy; ; -T.S.Eliot; (`ambagious' is archaic)
periscope	n.	an optical instrument that provides a view of an otherwise obstructed field
perish	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
perishable	n.	food that will decay rapidly if not refrigerated
perishable	adj.	liable to perish; subject to destruction or death or decay
peristalses	n.	the process of wavelike muscle contractions of the alimentary tract that moves food along
peristalsis	n.	the process of wavelike muscle contractions of the alimentary tract that moves food along
peristyle	n.	a colonnade surrounding a building or enclosing a court
peritoneal	adj.	of or relating to or affecting the peritoneum
peritoneum	n.	a transparent membrane that lines the abdominal cavity in mammals and covers most of the viscera
peritonitis	n.	inflammation of the peritoneum
periwig	n.	a wig for men that was fashionable in the 17th and 18th centuries
periwinkle	n.	chiefly trailing poisonous plants with blue flowers
periwinkle	n.	commonly cultivated Old World woody herb having large pinkish to red flowers
periwinkle	n.	small edible marine snail; steamed in wine or baked
periwinkle	n.	edible marine gastropod
perjure	v.	knowingly tell an untruth in a legal court and render oneself guilty of perjury
perjurer	n.	a person who deliberately gives false testimony
perjury	n.	criminal offense of making false statements under oath
perk	n.	an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if it is regarded as a right)
perk	v.	gain or regain energy
perkily	adv.	in a perky manner
perkiness	n.	cheerfulness that bubbles to the surface
perkiness	n.	inappropriate playfulness
perky	adj.	characterized by liveliness and lightheartedness
perm	n.	a city in the European part of Russia
perm	n.	a series of waves in the hair made by applying heat and chemicals
perm	v.	give a permanent wave to
permafrost	n.	ground that is permanently frozen
permalloy	n.	an 80/20 alloy of nickel and iron; easily magnetized and demagnetized
permanence	n.	the property of being able to exist for an indefinite duration
permanency	n.	the property of being able to exist for an indefinite duration
permanent	n.	a series of waves in the hair made by applying heat and chemicals
permanent	adj.	continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place
permanent	adj.	not capable of being reversed or returned to the original condition
permeability	n.	the property of something that can be pervaded by a liquid (as by osmosis or diffusion)
permeable	adj.	allowing fluids or gases to pass or diffuse through
permeate	v.	spread or diffuse through
permeate	v.	pass through
permeate	v.	penetrate mutually or be interlocked
permeation	n.	the process of permeating or infusing something with a substance
permeation	n.	mutual penetration; diffusion of each through the other
permian	n.	from 280 million to 230 million years ago; reptiles
permissible	adj.	that may be permitted especially as according to rule
permissible	adj.	that may be accepted or conceded
permissibly	adv.	in a permissible manner
permission	n.	approval to do something
permission	n.	the act of giving a formal (usually written) authorization
permissive	adj.	not preventive
permissive	adj.	granting or inclined or able to grant permission; not strict in discipline
permissiveness	n.	a disposition to allow freedom of choice and behavior
permit	n.	a legal document giving official permission to do something
permit	n.	the act of giving a formal (usually written) authorization
permit	n.	large game fish; found in waters of the West Indies
permit	v.	consent to, give permission
permit	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
permit	v.	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
permitted	v.	consent to, give permission
permitted	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
permitted	v.	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
permitting	v.	consent to, give permission
permitting	v.	make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happen
permitting	v.	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
permutation	n.	an event in which one thing is substituted for another
permutation	n.	the act of changing the arrangement of a given number of elements
permutation	n.	complete change in character or condition; - Henry Miller
permutation	n.	act of changing the lineal order of objects in a group
permute	v.	change the order or arrangement of
pernicious	adj.	exceedingly harmful
pernicious	adj.	working or spreading in a hidden and usually injurious way
perniciousness	n.	grave harmfulness or deadliness
pernod	n.	(registered trademark) a liqueur flavored with anise
peron	n.	Argentine soldier who became president of Argentina (1895-1974)
peroration	n.	a flowery and highly rhetorical oration
peroration	n.	(rhetoric) the concluding section of an oration
peroxide	n.	a viscous liquid with strong oxidizing properties; a powerful bleaching agent; also used (in aqueous solutions) as a mild disinfectant and (in strong concentrations) as an oxidant in rocket fuels
peroxide	n.	an inorganic compound containing the divalent ion -O-O-
peroxide	v.	bleach with peroxide
perpendicular	n.	a straight line at right angles to another line
perpendicular	n.	a Gothic style in 14th and 15th century England; characterized by vertical lines and a four-centered (Tudor) arch and fan vaulting
perpendicular	n.	a cord from which a metal weight is suspended pointing directly to the earth's center of gravity; used to determine the vertical from a given point
perpendicular	n.	an extremely steep face
perpendicular	adj.	intersecting at or forming right angles
perpendicular	adj.	at right angles to the plane of the horizon or a base line
perpendicular	adj.	extremely steep
perpendicularity	n.	the relation of opposition between things at right angles
perpendicularity	n.	the quality of being at right angles to a given line or plane (especially the plane of the horizon)
perpetrate	v.	perform an act, usually with a negative connotation
perpetration	n.	the act of committing a crime
perpetrator	n.	someone who perpetrates wrongdoing
perpetual	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
perpetual	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
perpetuate	v.	cause to continue or prevail
perpetuation	n.	the act of prolonging something
perpetuity	n.	the property of being perpetual (seemingly ceaseless)
perplex	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
perplex	v.	make more complicated
perplexed	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
perplexed	v.	make more complicated
perplexed	adj.	full of difficulty or confusion or bewilderment
perplexing	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
perplexing	v.	make more complicated
perplexing	adj.	lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion or perplexity
perplexity	n.	trouble or confusion resulting from complexity
perquisite	n.	an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if it is regarded as a right)
perquisite	n.	a right reserved exclusively by a particular person or group (especially a hereditary or official right)
perry	n.	United States philosopher (1876-1957)
perry	n.	United States admiral who led a naval expedition to Japan and signed a treaty in 1854 opening up trade relations between United States and Japan; brother of Oliver Hazard Perry (1794-1858)
perry	n.	United States commodore who led the fleet that defeated the British on Lake Erie during the War of 1812; brother of Matthew Calbraith Perry (1785-1819)
perry	n.	a fermented and often effervescent beverage made from juice of pears; similar in taste to hard cider
persecute	v.	cause to suffer
persecution	n.	the act of persecuting (especially on the basis of race or religion)
persecutor	n.	someone who torments
persephone	n.	(Greek mythology) daughter of Zeus and Demeter; made queen of the underworld by Pluto in ancient mythology; identified with Roman Proserpina
persepolis	n.	an ancient city that was the capital of the ancient Persian Empire; now in ruins
perseus	n.	(Greek mythology) the son of Zeus who slew Medusa (with the help of Athena and Hermes) and rescued Andromeda from a sea monster
perseus	n.	a conspicuous constellation in the northern hemisphere; between Auriga and Cassiopeia and crossed by the Milky Way
perseverance	n.	persistent determination
perseverance	n.	the act of persisting or persevering; continuing or repeating behavior
persevere	v.	be persistent, refuse to stop
pershing	n.	United States general who commanded the American forces in Europe during World War I (1860-1948)
persia	n.	an empire in southern Asia created by Cyrus the Great in the 6th century BC and destroyed by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BC
persia	n.	a theocratic Islamic republic in the Middle East in western Asia; Iran was the core of the ancient empire that was known as Persia until 1935; rich in oil
persian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Iran
persian	n.	the language of Persia (Iran) in any of its ancient forms
persian	adj.	of or relating to Iran or its people or language or culture
persiflage	n.	light teasing
persimmon	n.	any of several tropical trees of the genus Diospyros
persimmon	n.	orange fruit resembling a plum; edible when fully ripe
persist	v.	continue to exist
persist	v.	be persistent, refuse to stop
persist	v.	stay behind
persistence	n.	the property of a continuous and connected period of time
persistence	n.	persistent determination
persistence	n.	the act of persisting or persevering; continuing or repeating behavior
persistent	adj.	never-ceasing
persistent	adj.	continually recurring to the mind; ; - Claudia Cassidy
persistent	adj.	retained; not shed
persistent	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
persnickety	adj.	(used colloquially) overly conceited or arrogant; -Laurent Le Sage
persnickety	adj.	characterized by excessive precision and attention to trivial details
person	n.	a human being
person	n.	a human body (usually including the clothing)
person	n.	a grammatical category used in the classification of pronouns, possessive determiners, and verb forms according to whether they indicate the speaker, the addressee, or a third party
persona	n.	an actor's portrayal of someone in a play
persona	n.	(Jungian psychology) a personal facade that one presents to the world
personable	adj.	(of persons) pleasant in appearance and personality
personae	n.	an actor's portrayal of someone in a play
personae	n.	(Jungian psychology) a personal facade that one presents to the world
personage	n.	another word for person; a person not meriting identification
personage	n.	a person whose actions and opinions strongly influence the course of events
personal	n.	a short newspaper article about a particular person or group
personal	adj.	concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her private life and personality
personal	adj.	particular to a given individual
personal	adj.	of or arising from personality
personal	adj.	intimately concerning a person's body or physical being
personal	adj.	indicating grammatical person
personality	n.	the complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temperamental, emotional and mental--that characterize a unique individual
personality	n.	a person of considerable prominence
personalize	v.	make personal or more personal
personalty	n.	movable property (as distinguished from real estate)
personification	n.	a person who represents an abstract quality
personification	n.	representing an abstract quality or idea as a person or creature
personification	n.	the act of attributing human characteristics to abstract ideas etc.
personify	v.	invest with or as with a body; give body to
personify	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
personify	v.	attribute human qualities to something
personnel	n.	group of people willing to obey orders
personnel	n.	the department responsible for hiring and training and placing employees and for setting policies for personnel management
perspective	n.	a way of regarding situations or topics etc.
perspective	n.	the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their distance from the viewer
perspex	n.	a transparent thermoplastic acrylic resin
perspicacious	adj.	acutely insightful and wise
perspicacious	adj.	mentally acute or penetratingly discerning
perspicacity	n.	intelligence manifested by being astute (as in business dealings)
perspicacity	n.	the capacity to assess situations or circumstances shrewdly and to draw sound conclusions
perspicuity	n.	clarity as a consequence of being perspicuous
perspicuous	adj.	(of language) transparently clear; easily understandable; ; ; - Robert Burton
perspiration	n.	salty fluid secreted by sweat glands
perspiration	n.	the process of the sweat glands of the skin secreting a salty fluid
perspire	v.	excrete perspiration through the pores in the skin
persuade	v.	win approval or support for
persuade	v.	cause somebody to adopt a certain position, belief, or course of action; twist somebody's arm
persuaded	v.	win approval or support for
persuaded	v.	cause somebody to adopt a certain position, belief, or course of action; twist somebody's arm
persuader	n.	someone who tries to persuade or induce or lead on
persuasion	n.	the act of persuading (or attempting to persuade); communication intended to induce belief or action
persuasion	n.	a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
persuasive	adj.	intended or having the power to induce action or belief
persuasiveness	n.	the power to induce the taking of a course of action or the embracing of a point of view by means of argument or entreaty
pert	adj.	characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality
pertain	v.	be relevant to
pertain	v.	be a part or attribute of
perth	n.	the state capital of Western Australia
pertinacious	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
pertinacity	n.	persistent determination
pertinence	n.	relevance by virtue of being applicable to the matter at hand
pertinent	adj.	having precise or logical relevance to the matter at hand
pertinent	adj.	being of striking appropriateness and pertinence
pertness	n.	inappropriate playfulness
pertness	n.	quality of being lively and confident
perturb	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
perturb	v.	disturb or interfere with the usual path of an electron or atom
perturb	v.	cause a celestial body to deviate from a theoretically regular orbital motion, especially as a result of interposed or extraordinary gravitational pull
perturb	v.	throw into great confusion or disorder
perturbation	n.	an unhappy and worried mental state
perturbation	n.	(physics) a secondary influence on a system that causes it to deviate slightly
perturbation	n.	activity that is a malfunction, intrusion, or interruption
perturbation	n.	a disposition that is confused or nervous and upset
perturbation	n.	the act of causing disorder
perturbed	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
perturbed	v.	disturb or interfere with the usual path of an electron or atom
perturbed	v.	cause a celestial body to deviate from a theoretically regular orbital motion, especially as a result of interposed or extraordinary gravitational pull
perturbed	v.	throw into great confusion or disorder
perturbed	adj.	thrown into a state of agitated confusion; (`rattled' is an informal term)
pertussis	n.	a disease of the respiratory mucous membrane
peru	n.	a republic in western South America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821; was the heart of the Inca empire from the 12th to 16th centuries
peruke	n.	a wig for men that was fashionable in the 17th and 18th centuries
perusal	n.	reading carefully with intent to remember
peruse	v.	examine or consider with attention and in detail
peruvian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Peru
peruvian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Peru or its people
pervade	v.	spread or diffuse through
pervasive	adj.	spreading or spread throughout
pervasiveness	n.	the quality of filling or spreading throughout
perverse	adj.	marked by a disposition to oppose and contradict
perverse	adj.	resistant to guidance or discipline
perverse	adj.	deviating from what is considered moral or right or proper or good
perverseness	n.	deliberate and stubborn unruliness and resistance to guidance or discipline
perverseness	n.	deliberately deviating from what is good
perversion	n.	a curve that reverses the direction of something
perversion	n.	an aberrant sexual practice
perversion	n.	the action of perverting something (turning it to a wrong use)
perversity	n.	deliberate and stubborn unruliness and resistance to guidance or discipline
perversity	n.	deliberately deviating from what is good
pervert	n.	a person whose behavior deviates from what is acceptable especially in sexual behavior
pervert	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
pervert	v.	practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive
pervert	v.	change the inherent purpose or function of something
peseta	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Spain; equal to 100 centimos
peshawar	n.	city in northern Pakistan at the eastern end of the Khyber Pass
pesky	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Uruguay; equal to 100 centesimos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in the Philippines; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Mexico; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Guinea-Bissau; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in the Dominican Republic; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Cuba; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Colombia; equal to 100 centavos
peso	n.	the basic unit of money in Chile; equal to 100 centesimos
pessary	n.	a contraceptive device consisting of a flexible dome-shaped cup made of rubber or plastic; it is filled with spermicide and fitted over the uterine cervix
pessimal	adj.	of an organism's environment; least favorable for survival
pessimism	n.	the feeling that things will turn out badly
pessimism	n.	a general disposition to look on the dark side and to expect the worst in all things
pessimist	n.	a person who expects the worst
pessimistic	adj.	expecting the worst possible outcome
pessimistically	adv.	with pessimism; in a pessimistic manner
pest	n.	a serious (sometimes fatal) infection of rodents caused by Yersinia pestis and accidentally transmitted to humans by the bite of a flea that has bitten an infected animal
pest	n.	any epidemic disease with a high death rate
pest	n.	a persistently annoying person
pest	n.	any unwanted and destructive insect or other animal that attacks food or crops or livestock etc.
pester	v.	annoy persistently
pesticide	n.	a chemical used to kill pests (as rodents or insects)
pestiferous	adj.	contaminated with infecting organisms; ; - Jane Austen
pestiferous	adj.	likely to spread and cause an epidemic disease; - Jonathan Swift
pestiferous	adj.	tending to corrupt or pervert
pestiferous	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
pestilence	n.	a serious (sometimes fatal) infection of rodents caused by Yersinia pestis and accidentally transmitted to humans by the bite of a flea that has bitten an infected animal
pestilence	n.	any epidemic disease with a high death rate
pestilence	n.	a pernicious and malign influence that is hard to get rid of
pestilent	adj.	exceedingly harmful
pestilent	adj.	likely to spread and cause an epidemic disease; - Jonathan Swift
pestilential	adj.	likely to spread and cause an epidemic disease; - Jonathan Swift
pestle	n.	machine consisting of a heavy bar that moves vertically for pounding or crushing ores
pestle	n.	a heavy tool of stone or iron (usually with a flat base and a handle) that is used to grind and mix material (as grain or drugs or pigments) against a slab of stone
pestle	n.	a club-shaped hand tool for grinding and mixing substances in a mortar
pestle	v.	grind, mash or pulverize in a mortar
pesto	n.	a sauce typically served with pasta; contains crushed basil leaves and garlic and pine nuts and Parmesan cheese in olive oil
pet	n.	a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement
pet	n.	a special loved one
pet	n.	a fit of petulance or sulkiness (especially at what is felt to be a slight)
pet	n.	using a computerized radiographic technique to examine the metabolic activity in various tissues (especially in the brain)
pet	v.	stroke or caress gently
pet	v.	stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking
pet	adj.	preferred above all others and treated with partiality
petabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 terabytes or 10^15 bytes
petabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 tebibytes or 2^50 bytes
petal	n.	part of the perianth that is usually brightly colored
petard	n.	an explosive device used to break down a gate or wall
petcock	n.	regulator consisting of a small cock or faucet or valve for letting out air or releasing compression or draining
peter	n.	disciple of Jesus and leader of the Apostles; regarded by Catholics as the vicar of Christ on earth and first Pope
peter	n.	obscene terms for penis
peters	n.	disciple of Jesus and leader of the Apostles; regarded by Catholics as the vicar of Christ on earth and first Pope
peters	n.	obscene terms for penis
petiole	n.	the slender stem that supports the blade of a leaf
petite	n.	a garment size for short or slender women
petite	adj.	very small
petition	n.	a formal message requesting something that is submitted to an authority
petition	n.	reverent petition to a deity
petition	v.	write a petition for something to somebody; request formally and in writing
petitionary	adj.	of the nature of or expressing a petition
petitioner	n.	one praying humbly for something
petitioner	n.	someone who petitions a court for redress of a grievance or recovery of a right
petrarch	n.	an Italian poet famous for love lyrics (1304-1374)
petrel	n.	relatively small long-winged tube-nosed bird that flies far from land
petrifaction	n.	the process of turning some plant material into stone by infiltration with water carrying mineral particles without changing the original shape
petrifaction	n.	a rock created by petrifaction; an organic object infiltrated with mineral matter and preserved in its original form
petrify	v.	cause to become stonelike or stiff or dazed and stunned
petrify	v.	change into stone
petrify	v.	make rigid and set into a conventional pattern
petrochemical	n.	any compound obtained from petroleum or natural gas
petrol	n.	a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and heptane and octane etc.) derived from petroleum; used mainly as a fuel in internal-combustion engines
petrolatum	n.	a semisolid mixture of hydrocarbons obtained from petroleum; used in medicinal ointments and for lubrication
petroleum	n.	a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
petrology	n.	the branch of geology that studies rocks: their origin and formation and mineral composition and classification
petted	v.	stroke or caress gently
petted	v.	stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking
petticoat	n.	undergarment worn under a skirt
pettifog	v.	argue over petty things
pettifogged	v.	argue over petty things
pettifogger	n.	a person (especially a lawyer or politician) who uses unscrupulous or unethical methods
pettifogger	n.	a disputant who quibbles; someone who raises annoying petty objections
pettifoggery	n.	a quarrel about petty points
pettifogging	v.	argue over petty things
pettily	adv.	in a petty way
pettiness	n.	narrowness of mind or ideas or views
pettiness	n.	the quality of being unimportant and petty or frivolous
pettiness	n.	lack of generosity in trifling matters
petting	n.	affectionate play (or foreplay without contact with the genital organs)
petting	v.	stroke or caress gently
petting	v.	stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking
pettish	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
petty	n.	larceny of property having a value less than some amount (the amount varies by locale)
petty	adj.	inferior in rank or status
petty	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
petty	adj.	contemptibly narrow in outlook
petulance	n.	an irritable petulant feeling
petulant	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
petunia	n.	any of numerous tropical herbs having fluted funnel-shaped flowers
petunia	n.	annual or perennial herbs or shrubs of tropical South America
pew	n.	long bench with backs; used in church by the congregation
pewee	n.	small olive-colored woodland flycatchers of eastern North America
pewit	n.	small black-headed European gull
pewit	n.	large crested Old World plover having wattles and spurs
pewit	n.	small olive-colored woodland flycatchers of eastern North America
pewter	n.	any of various alloys of tin with small amounts of other metals (especially lead)
peyote	n.	a small spineless globe-shaped cactus; source of mescal buttons
peyote	n.	the hallucinatory alkaloid that is the active agent in mescal buttons
pfc	n.	a powerful greenhouse gas emitted during the production of aluminum
pfennig	n.	100 pfennigs formerly equaled 1 Deutsche Mark in Germany
ph	n.	(from potential of Hydrogen) the logarithm of the reciprocal of hydrogen-ion concentration in gram atoms per liter; provides a measure on a scale from 0 to 14 of the acidity or alkalinity of a solution (where 7 is neutral and greater than 7 is more basic and less than 7 is more acidic)
phaethon	n.	(Greek mythology) son of Helios; killed when trying to drive his father's chariot and came too close to earth
phaethon	n.	type genus of the Phaethontidae
phaeton	n.	large open car seating four with folding top
phage	n.	a virus that is parasitic (reproduces itself) in bacteria
phagocyte	n.	a cell that engulfs and digests debris and invading microorganisms
phalanger	n.	small furry Australian arboreal marsupials having long usually prehensile tails
phalanges	n.	any of the bones of the fingers or toes
phalanges	n.	any closely ranked crowd of people
phalanges	n.	a body of troops in close array
phalanx	n.	any of the bones of the fingers or toes
phalanx	n.	any closely ranked crowd of people
phalanx	n.	a body of troops in close array
phalli	n.	genus of fungi having the cap or pileus hanging free around the stem
phalli	n.	the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism)
phallic	adj.	relating to a phallus especially as an embodiment of generative power
phallic	adj.	resembling or being a phallus
phallus	n.	genus of fungi having the cap or pileus hanging free around the stem
phallus	n.	the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism)
phanerozoic	n.	the period from about 5,400 million years ago until the present
phantasm	n.	a ghostly appearing figure
phantasm	n.	something existing in perception only
phantasmagoria	n.	a constantly changing medley of real or imagined images (as in a dream)
phantasmagorical	adj.	characterized by fantastic imagery and incongruous juxtapositions; --J.C.Powys
phantasmal	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a phantom
phantom	n.	a ghostly appearing figure
phantom	n.	something existing in perception only
phantom	adj.	something apparently sensed but having no physical reality
pharaoh	n.	the title of the ancient Egyptian kings
pharaohs	n.	the title of the ancient Egyptian kings
pharisaic	adj.	excessively or hypocritically pious
pharisaical	adj.	excessively or hypocritically pious
pharisee	n.	a self-righteous or sanctimonious person
pharisee	n.	a member of an ancient Jewish sect noted for strict obedience to Jewish traditions
pharmaceutic	n.	drug or medicine that is prepared or dispensed in pharmacies and used in medical treatment
pharmaceutic	adj.	of or relating to pharmacy or pharmacists
pharmaceutical	n.	drug or medicine that is prepared or dispensed in pharmacies and used in medical treatment
pharmaceutical	adj.	of or relating to pharmacy or pharmacists
pharmaceutical	adj.	of or relating to drugs used in medical treatment
pharmaceutics	n.	the art and science of preparing and dispensing drugs and medicines,
pharmaceutics	n.	drug or medicine that is prepared or dispensed in pharmacies and used in medical treatment
pharmacist	n.	a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs
pharmacologic	adj.	of or relating to pharmacology
pharmacological	adj.	of or relating to pharmacology
pharmacologist	n.	someone trained in the science of drugs (their composition and uses and effects)
pharmacology	n.	the science or study of drugs: their preparation and properties and uses and effects
pharmacopoeia	n.	a collection or stock of drugs
pharmacy	n.	the art and science of preparing and dispensing drugs and medicines,
pharmacy	n.	a retail shop where medicine and other articles are sold
pharyngeal	n.	a consonant articulated in the back of the mouth or throat
pharyngeal	adj.	of or relating to the throat
pharynges	n.	the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the chin and above the collarbone
pharyngitis	n.	inflammation of the fauces and pharynx
pharynx	n.	the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the chin and above the collarbone
phase	n.	any distinct time period in a sequence of events
phase	n.	(physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary
phase	n.	a particular point in the time of a cycle; measured from some arbitrary zero and expressed as an angle
phase	n.	(astronomy) the particular appearance of a body's state of illumination (especially one of the recurring shapes of the part of Earth's moon that is illuminated by the sun)
phase	v.	arrange in phases or stages
phase	v.	adjust so as to be in a synchronized condition
phd	n.	a doctorate usually based on at least 3 years graduate study and a dissertation; the highest degree awarded graduate study
pheasant	n.	large long-tailed gallinaceous bird native to the Old World but introduced elsewhere
pheasant	n.	flesh of a pheasant; usually braised
phenacetin	n.	a white crystalline compound used as an analgesic and also as an antipyretic
phenobarbital	n.	a long-acting barbiturate used as a sedative
phenol	n.	any of a class of weakly acidic organic compounds; molecule contains one or more hydroxyl groups
phenol	n.	a toxic white soluble crystalline acidic derivative of benzene; used in manufacturing and as a disinfectant and antiseptic; poisonous if taken internally
phenomena	n.	any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning
phenomena	n.	a remarkable development
phenomenal	adj.	of or relating to a phenomenon
phenomenal	adj.	exceedingly or unbelievably great
phenomenology	n.	a philosophical doctrine proposed by Edmund Husserl based on the study of human experience in which considerations of objective reality are not taken into account
phenomenon	n.	any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning
phenomenon	n.	a remarkable development
phenotype	n.	what an organism looks like as a consequence of the interaction of its genotype and the environment
phenytoin	n.	an anticonvulsant drug (trade name Dilantin) used to treat epilepsy and that is not a sedative
pheromone	n.	a chemical substance secreted externally by some animals (especially insects) that influences the physiology or behavior of other animals of the same species
phi	n.	the 21st letter of the Greek alphabet
phial	n.	a small bottle that contains a drug (especially a sealed sterile container for injection by needle)
phidias	n.	ancient Greek sculptor (circa 500-432 BC)
philadelphia	n.	the largest city in Pennsylvania; located in the southeastern part of the state on the Delaware river; site of Independence Hall where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were signed; site of the University of Pennsylvania
philander	v.	have amorous affairs; of men
philander	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
philanderer	n.	a man who likes many women and has short sexual relationships with them
philandering	v.	have amorous affairs; of men
philandering	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
philanthropic	adj.	generous in assistance to the poor
philanthropic	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by philanthropy
philanthropically	adv.	in a philanthropic manner
philanthropist	n.	someone who makes charitable donations intended to increase human well-being
philanthropy	n.	voluntary promotion of human welfare
philatelic	adj.	of or relating to philately or of interest to philatelists
philatelist	n.	a collector and student of postage stamps
philately	n.	the collection and study of postage stamps
philemon	n.	(Greek mythology) a simple countryman who offered hospitality to Zeus and Hermes when they came to earth without revealing their identities in order to test people's piety
philemon	n.	(New Testament) a Christian (probably living in Colossae) whose slave escaped and went to see Saint Paul
philemon	n.	a New Testament book containing an epistle from Saint Paul to Philemon asking Philemon to forgive the slave for escaping
philharmonic	n.	a large orchestra; can perform symphonies
philharmonic	adj.	composing or characteristic of an orchestral group
philharmonic	adj.	devoted to or appreciative of music
philip	n.	Englishman and husband of Elizabeth II (born 1921)
philippians	n.	a New Testament book containing an epistle from Saint Paul to the church at Philippi in Macedonia
philippians	n.	a native or inhabitant of Philippi in ancient Macedonia
philippic	n.	a speech of violent denunciation
philippine	n.	official language of the Philippines; based on Tagalog; draws its lexicon from other Philippine languages
philippine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Philippines or its people or customs
philippines	n.	a republic on the Philippine Islands; achieved independence from the United States in 1946
philippines	n.	an archipelago in the southwestern Pacific including some 7000 islands
philippines	n.	official language of the Philippines; based on Tagalog; draws its lexicon from other Philippine languages
philips	n.	Englishman and husband of Elizabeth II (born 1921)
philistine	n.	a person who is uninterested in intellectual pursuits
philistine	n.	a member of an Aegean people who settled ancient Philistia around the 12th century BC
philistine	adj.	of or relating to ancient Philistia or its culture or its people
philistine	adj.	smug and ignorant and indifferent or hostile to artistic and cultural values
philistinism	n.	a desire for wealth and material possessions with little interest in ethical or spiritual matters
philodendron	n.	often grown as a houseplant
philological	adj.	of or relating to or dealing with philology
philologist	n.	a humanist specializing in classical scholarship
philology	n.	the humanistic study of language and literature
philosopher	n.	a specialist in philosophy
philosopher	n.	a wise person who is calm and rational; someone who lives a life of reason with equanimity
philosophic	adj.	of or relating to philosophy or philosophers
philosophic	adj.	characterized by the attitude of a philosopher; meeting trouble with level-headed detachment
philosophical	adj.	of or relating to philosophy or philosophers
philosophical	adj.	characterized by the attitude of a philosopher; meeting trouble with level-headed detachment
philosophize	v.	reason philosophically
philosophizer	n.	someone who considers situations from a philosophical point of view
philosophy	n.	a belief (or system of beliefs) accepted as authoritative by some group or school
philosophy	n.	the rational investigation of questions about existence and knowledge and ethics
philosophy	n.	any personal belief about how to live or how to deal with a situation
philter	n.	a drink credited with magical power; can make the one who takes it love the one who gave it
phlebitis	n.	inflammation of a vein (usually in the legs)
phlegm	n.	apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions
phlegm	n.	expectorated matter; saliva mixed with discharges from the respiratory passages; in ancient and medieval physiology it was believed to cause sluggishness
phlegm	n.	inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy
phlegmatic	adj.	showing little emotion
phlegmatically	adv.	in a phlegmatic manner
phloem	n.	(botany) tissue that conducts synthesized food substances (e.g., from leaves) to parts where needed; consists primarily of sieve tubes
phlox	n.	any polemoniaceous plant of the genus Phlox; chiefly North American; cultivated for their clusters of flowers
phobia	n.	an anxiety disorder characterized by extreme and irrational fear of simple things or social situations
phobic	adj.	suffering from irrational fears
phobos	n.	the larger of the two satellites of Mars
phoebe	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
phoebe	n.	(Greek mythology) a Titaness who became identified with Artemis as goddess of the Moon
phoebe	n.	small dun-colored North American flycatcher
phoenicia	n.	an ancient maritime country (a collection of city states) at eastern end of the Mediterranean
phoenician	n.	a member of an ancient Semitic people who dominated trade in the first millennium B.C.
phoenician	n.	the extinct language of an ancient Semitic people who dominated trade in the ancient world
phoenician	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Phoenicia or its inhabitants
phoenix	n.	the state capital and largest city located in south central Arizona; situated in a former desert that has become a prosperous agricultural area thanks to irrigation
phoenix	n.	a large monocotyledonous genus of pinnate-leaved palms found in Asia and Africa
phoenix	n.	a legendary Arabian bird said to periodically burn itself to death and emerge from the ashes as a new phoenix; according to most versions only one phoenix lived at a time and it renewed itself every 500 years
phoenix	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere near Tucana and Sculptor
phone	n.	electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can be transmitted over distances and then converts received signals back into sounds
phone	n.	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language
phone	n.	electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is held over or inserted into the ear
phone	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
phoneme	n.	(linguistics) one of a small set of speech sounds that are distinguished by the speakers of a particular language
phonemic	adj.	of or relating to phonemes of a particular language
phonemic	adv.	by phonemics
phonetic	adj.	of or relating to speech sounds
phonetic	adj.	of or relating to the scientific study of speech sounds
phonetically	adv.	by phonetics
phonetician	n.	a specialist in phonetics
phonetics	n.	the branch of acoustics concerned with speech processes including its production and perception and acoustic analysis
phonic	adj.	pertaining to the phonic method of teaching reading
phonic	adj.	relating to speech
phonic	adj.	of or relating to speech sounds
phonics	n.	teaching reading by training beginners to associate letters with their sound values
phonograph	n.	machine in which rotating records cause a stylus to vibrate and the vibrations are amplified acoustically or electronically
phonographs	n.	machine in which rotating records cause a stylus to vibrate and the vibrations are amplified acoustically or electronically
phonological	adj.	of or relating to phonology
phonologist	n.	a specialist in phonology
phonology	n.	the study of the sound system of a given language and the analysis and classification of its phonemes
phony	n.	a person who professes beliefs and opinions that he or she does not hold in order to conceal his or her real feelings or motives
phony	adj.	fraudulent; having a misleading appearance
phosphate	n.	a salt of phosphoric acid
phosphate	n.	carbonated drink with fruit syrup and a little phosphoric acid
phosphor	n.	a synthetic substance that is fluorescent or phosphorescent; used to coat the screens of cathode ray tubes
phosphorescence	n.	a fluorescence that persists after the bombarding radiation has ceased
phosphorescent	adj.	emitting light without appreciable heat as by slow oxidation of phosphorous
phosphoric	adj.	containing or characteristic of phosphorus
phosphorous	adj.	containing or characteristic of phosphorus
phosphorus	n.	a multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen family that occurs commonly in inorganic phosphate rocks and as organic phosphates in all living cells; is highly reactive and occurs in several allotropic forms
phosphorus	n.	a planet (usually Venus) seen just before sunrise in the eastern sky
photo	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
photocell	n.	a transducer used to detect and measure light and other radiations
photocopier	n.	a copier that uses photographic methods of making copies
photocopy	n.	a photographic copy of written or printed or graphic work
photocopy	v.	reproduce by xerography
photoelectric	adj.	of or pertaining to photoelectricity
photoelectrically	adv.	by photoelectric means
photoengraving	n.	an engraving used to reproduce an illustration
photogenic	adj.	looking attractive in photographs
photograph	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
photograph	v.	record on photographic film
photograph	v.	undergo being photographed in a certain way
photographer	n.	someone who takes photographs professionally
photographic	adj.	relating to photography or obtained by using photography
photographic	adj.	representing people or nature with the exactness and fidelity of a photograph
photographically	adv.	by photographic means
photographs	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
photographs	v.	record on photographic film
photographs	v.	undergo being photographed in a certain way
photography	n.	the act of taking and printing photographs
photography	n.	the process of producing images of objects on photosensitive surfaces
photography	n.	the occupation of taking and printing photographs or making movies
photojournalism	n.	journalism that presents a story primarily through the use of pictures
photojournalist	n.	a journalist who presents a story primarily through the use of photographs
photometer	n.	measuring instrument for measuring the luminous intensity of a source by comparing it (visually or photoelectrically) with a standard source
photometer	n.	photographic equipment that measures the intensity of light
photon	n.	a quantum of electromagnetic radiation; an elementary particle that is its own antiparticle
photosensitive	adj.	sensitive to visible light
photostat	n.	a photocopy made on a Photostat machine
photostat	n.	a duplicating machine that makes quick positive or negative copies directly on the surface of prepared paper
photostat	v.	make a copy by means of a Photostat device
photosynthesis	n.	synthesis of compounds with the aid of radiant energy (especially in plants)
photosynthetic	adj.	relating to or using or formed by photosynthesis
phototropism	n.	an orienting response to light
photovoltaic	adj.	producing a voltage when exposed to radiant energy (especially light)
phrasal	adj.	of or relating to or functioning as a phrase
phrase	n.	an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constituent of a sentence
phrase	n.	a short musical passage
phrase	n.	an expression whose meanings cannot be inferred from the meanings of the words that make it up
phrase	n.	dance movements that are linked in a single choreographic sequence
phrase	v.	put into words or an expression
phrase	v.	divide, combine, or mark into phrases
phraseology	n.	the manner in which something is expressed in words; - G.S.Patton
phrasing	n.	the grouping of musical phrases in a melodic line
phrasing	n.	the manner in which something is expressed in words; - G.S.Patton
phrasing	v.	put into words or an expression
phrasing	v.	divide, combine, or mark into phrases
phrenologist	n.	someone who claims to be able to read your character from the shape of your skull
phrenology	n.	a now abandoned study of the shape of skull as indicative of the strengths of different faculties
phrygia	n.	an ancient country in western and central Asia Minor
phyla	n.	(linguistics) a large group of languages that are historically related
phyla	n.	(biology) the major taxonomic group of animals and plants; contains classes
phylactery	n.	(Judaism) either of two small leather cases containing texts from the Hebrew Scriptures (known collectively as tefillin); traditionally worn (on the forehead and the left arm) by Jewish men during morning prayer
phylogeny	n.	(biology) the sequence of events involved in the evolutionary development of a species or taxonomic group of organisms
phylum	n.	(linguistics) a large group of languages that are historically related
phylum	n.	(biology) the major taxonomic group of animals and plants; contains classes
physic	n.	a purging medicine; stimulates evacuation of the bowels
physical	adj.	involving the body as distinguished from the mind or spirit
physical	adj.	relating to the sciences dealing with matter and energy; especially physics
physical	adj.	having substance or material existence; perceptible to the senses
physical	adj.	according with material things or natural laws (other than those peculiar to living matter)
physical	adj.	characterized by energetic bodily activity
physical	adj.	impelled by physical force especially against resistance
physical	adj.	concerned with material things
physicality	n.	preoccupation with satisfaction of physical drives and appetites
physician	n.	a licensed medical practitioner
physicist	n.	a scientist trained in physics
physics	n.	the science of matter and energy and their interactions
physics	n.	the physical properties, phenomena, and laws of something
physics	n.	a purging medicine; stimulates evacuation of the bowels
physiognomy	n.	the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British)
physiography	n.	the study of physical features of the earth's surface
physiologic	adj.	of or consistent with an organism's normal functioning
physiological	adj.	of or relating to the biological study of physiology
physiological	adj.	of or consistent with an organism's normal functioning
physiologist	n.	a biologist specializing in physiology
physiology	n.	the branch of the biological sciences dealing with the functioning of organisms
physiology	n.	processes and functions of an organism
physiotherapist	n.	therapist who treats injury or dysfunction with exercises and other physical treatments of the disorder
physiotherapy	n.	therapy that uses physical agents: exercise and massage and other modalities
physique	n.	constitution of the human body
physique	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
phytoplankton	n.	photosynthetic or plant constituent of plankton; mainly unicellular algae
pi	n.	the ratio of the circumference to the diameter of a circle; approximately equal to 3.14159265358979323846...
pi	n.	someone who can be employed as a detective to collect information
pi	n.	the scientist in charge of an experiment or research project
pi	n.	the 16th letter of the Greek alphabet
pi	n.	an antiviral drug used against HIV; interrupts HIV replication by binding and blocking HIV protease; often used in combination with other drugs
piaf	n.	French cabaret singer (1915-1963)
piaget	n.	Swiss psychologist remembered for his studies of cognitive development in children (1896-1980)
pianissimo	n.	(music) low loudness
pianissimo	adj.	chiefly a direction or description in music; very soft
pianissimo	adv.	a direction in music; to be played very softly
pianist	n.	a person who plays the piano
piano	n.	a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to strike tuned strings and produce sounds
piano	n.	(music) low loudness
piano	adj.	used chiefly as a direction or description in music
piano	adv.	used as a direction in music; to be played relatively softly
pianoforte	n.	a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to strike tuned strings and produce sounds
pianola	n.	a mechanically operated piano that uses a roll of perforated paper to activate the keys
piaster	n.	a fractional monetary unit in Egypt and Lebanon and Sudan and Syria
piaster	n.	100 kurus equal 1 lira in Turkey
piazza	n.	a public square with room for pedestrians
pibroch	n.	martial music with variations; to be played by bagpipes
pibrochs	n.	martial music with variations; to be played by bagpipes
pic	n.	a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement
pic	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
pica	n.	an eating disorder, frequent in children, in which non-nutritional objects are eaten persistently
pica	n.	a linear unit (1/6 inch) used in printing
pica	n.	magpies
picador	n.	the horseman who pricks the bull with a lance early in the bullfight to goad the bull and to make it keep its head low
picaresque	adj.	involving clever rogues or adventurers especially as in a type of fiction
picasso	n.	prolific and influential Spanish artist who lived in France (1881-1973)
picayune	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
piccalilli	n.	relish of chopped pickled cucumbers and green peppers and onion
piccolo	n.	a small flute; pitched an octave above the standard flute
pick	n.	the person or thing chosen or selected
pick	n.	the quantity of a crop that is harvested
pick	n.	the best people or things in a group
pick	n.	the yarn woven across the warp yarn in weaving
pick	n.	a small thin device (of metal or plastic or ivory) used to pluck a stringed instrument
pick	n.	a thin sharp implement used for removing unwanted material
pick	n.	a heavy iron tool with a wooden handle and a curved head that is pointed on both ends
pick	n.	a basketball maneuver; obstructing an opponent with one's body
pick	n.	the act of choosing or selecting
pick	v.	select carefully from a group
pick	v.	look for and gather
pick	v.	harass with constant criticism
pick	v.	provoke
pick	v.	remove in small bits
pick	v.	remove unwanted substances from, such as feathers or pits
pick	v.	pilfer or rob
pick	v.	pay for something
pick	v.	pull lightly but sharply with a plucking motion
pick	v.	attack with or as if with a pickaxe of ice or rocky ground, for example
pick	v.	hit lightly with a picking motion
pick	v.	eat intermittently; take small bites of
pickax	n.	a heavy iron tool with a wooden handle and a curved head that is pointed on both ends
picker	n.	a person who chooses or selects out
picker	n.	someone who gathers crops or fruits etc.
pickerel	n.	flesh of young or small pike
pickerel	n.	any of several North American species of small pike
picket	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
picket	n.	a detachment of troops guarding an army from surprise attack
picket	n.	a protester posted by a labor organization outside a place of work
picket	n.	a vehicle performing sentinel duty
picket	n.	a wooden strip forming part of a fence
picket	n.	a form of military punishment used by the British in the late 17th century in which a soldier was forced to stand on one foot on a pointed stake
picket	v.	serve as pickets or post pickets
picket	v.	fasten with a picket
pickett	n.	American Confederate general known for leading a disastrous charge at Gettysburg (1825-1875)
pickford	n.	United States film actress (born in Canada) who starred in silent films (1893-1979)
pickings	n.	the act of someone who picks up or takes something
pickings	n.	the quantity of a crop that is harvested
pickings	n.	the act of picking (crops or fruit or hops etc.)
pickle	n.	vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar
pickle	n.	informal terms for a difficult situation
pickle	v.	preserve in a pickling liquid
pickpocket	n.	a thief who steals from the pockets or purses of others in public places
pickup	n.	a light truck with an open body and low sides and a tailboard
pickup	n.	a warrant to take someone into custody
pickup	n.	anything with restorative powers
pickup	n.	a casual acquaintance; often made in hope of sexual relationships
pickup	n.	the attribute of being capable of rapid acceleration
pickup	n.	mechanical device consisting of a light balanced arm that carries the cartridge
pickup	n.	an electro-acoustic transducer that is the part of the arm of a record player that holds the needle and that is removable
pickup	n.	the act or process of picking up or collecting from various places
pickup	n.	the act of taking aboard passengers or freight
picky	adj.	exacting especially about details
picnic	n.	a day devoted to an outdoor social gathering
picnic	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
picnic	n.	any informal meal eaten outside or on an excursion
picnic	v.	eat alfresco, in the open air
picnicked	v.	eat alfresco, in the open air
picnicker	n.	a person who is picnicking
picnicking	v.	eat alfresco, in the open air
picot	n.	an edging of small loops, as on lace or ribbon
pictograph	n.	a graphic character used in picture writing
pictographs	n.	a graphic character used in picture writing
pictorial	n.	a periodical (magazine or newspaper) containing many pictures
pictorial	adj.	pertaining to or consisting of pictures
pictorial	adj.	evoking lifelike images within the mind
picture	n.	a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface
picture	n.	graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to a surface
picture	n.	a clear and telling mental image
picture	n.	a situation treated as an observable object
picture	n.	illustrations used to decorate or explain a text
picture	n.	a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement
picture	n.	the visible part of a television transmission
picture	n.	a graphic or vivid verbal description
picture	n.	a typical example of some state or quality
picture	n.	a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent slide; recorded by a camera on light-sensitive material
picture	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
picture	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
picturesque	adj.	suggesting or suitable for a picture; pretty as a picture
picturesque	adj.	strikingly expressive
picturesqueness	n.	the quality of being strikingly expressive or vivid
picturesqueness	n.	visually vivid and pleasing
piddle	n.	liquid excretory product
piddle	v.	waste time; spend one's time idly or inefficiently
piddle	v.	eliminate urine
pidgin	n.	an artificial language used for trade between speakers of different languages
pie	n.	dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top
pie	n.	a prehistoric unrecorded language that was the ancestor of all Indo-European languages
piebald	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
piece	n.	a separate part of a whole
piece	n.	an item that is an instance of some type
piece	n.	a portion of a natural object
piece	n.	a musical work that has been created
piece	n.	an instance of some kind
piece	n.	an artistic or literary composition
piece	n.	a portable gun
piece	n.	a serving that has been cut from a larger portion
piece	n.	a distance
piece	n.	a work of art of some artistic value
piece	n.	a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action or condition
piece	n.	a share of something
piece	n.	game equipment consisting of an object used in playing certain board games
piece	v.	to join or unite the pieces of
piece	v.	create by putting components or members together
piece	v.	join during spinning
piece	v.	eat intermittently; take small bites of
piece	v.	repair by adding pieces
piecemeal	adj.	one thing at a time
piecemeal	adv.	a little bit at a time
piecework	n.	work paid for according to the quantity produced
piedmont	n.	the plateau between the coastal plain and the Appalachian Mountains: parts of Virginia and North and South Carolina and Georgia and Alabama
piedmont	n.	a gentle slope leading from the base of a mountain to a region of flat land
piedmont	n.	the region of northwestern Italy; includes the Po valley
pier	n.	a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats
pier	n.	(architecture) a vertical supporting structure (as a portion of wall between two doors or windows)
pier	n.	a support for two adjacent bridge spans
pierce	n.	14th President of the United States (1804-1869)
pierce	v.	cut or make a way through
pierce	v.	move or affect (a person's emotions or bodily feelings) deeply or sharply
pierce	v.	sound sharply or shrilly
pierce	v.	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument
pierce	v.	make a hole into
piercing	v.	cut or make a way through
piercing	v.	move or affect (a person's emotions or bodily feelings) deeply or sharply
piercing	v.	sound sharply or shrilly
piercing	v.	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument
piercing	v.	make a hole into
piercing	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
piercing	adj.	painful as if caused by a sharp instrument
pierre	n.	capital of the state of South Dakota; located in central South Dakota on the Missouri river
pierrot	n.	a male character in French pantomime; usually dressed in white with a whitened face
piety	n.	righteousness by virtue of being pious
piezoelectric	adj.	relating to or involving piezoelectricity
piffle	n.	trivial nonsense
piffle	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
piffle	v.	act in a trivial or ineffective way
pig	n.	domestic swine
pig	n.	a coarse obnoxious person
pig	n.	a person regarded as greedy and pig-like
pig	n.	uncomplimentary terms for a policeman
pig	n.	mold consisting of a bed of sand in which pig iron is cast
pig	n.	a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace
pig	v.	live like a pig, in squalor
pig	v.	eat greedily
pig	v.	give birth
pigeon	n.	wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs
pigeonhole	n.	a specific (often simplistic) category
pigeonhole	n.	a small compartment
pigeonhole	v.	place into a small compartment
pigeonhole	v.	treat or classify according to a mental stereotype
pigged	v.	live like a pig, in squalor
pigged	v.	eat greedily
pigged	v.	give birth
piggery	n.	a farm where pigs are raised or kept
pigging	v.	live like a pig, in squalor
pigging	v.	eat greedily
pigging	v.	give birth
piggish	adj.	resembling swine; coarsely gluttonous or greedy
piggishness	n.	an excessive desire for food
piggy	n.	a young pig
piggy	adj.	resembling swine; coarsely gluttonous or greedy
piggyback	n.	the act of carrying something piggyback
piggyback	v.	ride on someone's shoulders or back
piggyback	v.	haul truck trailers loaded with commodities on railroad cars
piggyback	v.	haul by railroad car
piggyback	v.	support on the back and shoulders
piggyback	v.	bring into alignment with
piggyback	adv.	on a railroad flatcar
piggyback	adv.	on the back or shoulder or astraddle on the hip
pigheaded	adj.	obstinate and stupid
pigheadedness	n.	resolute adherence to your own ideas or desires
piglet	n.	a young pig
pigment	n.	dry coloring material (especially a powder to be mixed with a liquid to produce paint, etc.)
pigment	n.	any substance whose presence in plant or animal tissues produces a characteristic color
pigment	n.	a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a mixture of pigment suspended in a liquid); dries to form a hard coating
pigment	v.	acquire pigment; become colored or imbued
pigment	v.	color or dye with a pigment
pigmentation	n.	the deposition of pigment in animals or plants or human beings
pigmentation	n.	coloration of living tissues by pigment
pigpen	n.	a pen for swine
pigskin	n.	leather from the skin of swine
pigsty	n.	a pen for swine
pigswill	n.	wet feed (especially for pigs) consisting of mostly kitchen waste mixed with water or skimmed or sour milk
pigtail	n.	a plait of braided hair
pike	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
pike	n.	highly valued northern freshwater fish with lean flesh
pike	n.	a sharp point (as on the end of a spear)
pike	n.	medieval weapon consisting of a spearhead attached to a long pole or pikestaff; superseded by the bayonet
pike	n.	any of several elongate long-snouted freshwater game and food fishes widely distributed in cooler parts of the northern hemisphere
pikestaff	n.	the staff of a pike
pilaf	n.	rice cooked in well-seasoned broth with onions or celery and usually poultry or game or shellfish and sometimes tomatoes
pilaster	n.	a rectangular column that usually projects about a third of its width from the wall to which it is attached
pilate	n.	the Roman procurator of Judea who ordered that Jesus be crucified (died in AD 36)
pilates	n.	the Roman procurator of Judea who ordered that Jesus be crucified (died in AD 36)
pilchard	n.	small fatty fish usually canned
pilchard	n.	small fishes found in great schools along coasts of Europe; smaller and rounder than herring
pile	n.	a collection of objects laid on top of each other
pile	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
pile	n.	a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)
pile	n.	fine soft dense hair (as the fine short hair of cattle or deer or the wool of sheep or the undercoat of certain dogs)
pile	n.	battery consisting of voltaic cells arranged in series; the earliest electric battery devised by Volta
pile	n.	a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure
pile	n.	the yarn (as in a rug or velvet or corduroy) that stands up from the weave
pile	n.	a nuclear reactor that uses controlled nuclear fission to generate energy
pile	v.	arrange in stacks
pile	v.	press tightly together or cram
pile	v.	place or lay as if in a pile
pileup	n.	multiple collisions of vehicles
pilfer	v.	make off with belongings of others
pilferage	n.	the act of stealing small amounts or small articles
pilferer	n.	a thief who steals without using violence
pilgrim	n.	someone who journeys in foreign lands
pilgrim	n.	one of the colonists from England who sailed to America on the Mayflower and founded the colony of Plymouth in New England in 1620
pilgrim	n.	someone who journeys to a sacred place as an act of religious devotion
pilgrimage	n.	a journey to a sacred place
piling	n.	a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure
piling	v.	arrange in stacks
piling	v.	press tightly together or cram
piling	v.	place or lay as if in a pile
pill	n.	something that resembles a tablet of medicine in shape or size
pill	n.	a dose of medicine in the form of a small pellet
pill	n.	a unpleasant or tiresome person
pill	n.	something unpleasant or offensive that must be tolerated or endured
pill	n.	a contraceptive in the form of a pill containing estrogen and progestin to inhibit ovulation and so prevent conception
pillage	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
pillage	n.	the act of stealing valuable things from a place
pillage	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
pillager	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
pillar	n.	a fundamental principle or practice
pillar	n.	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower
pillar	n.	a prominent supporter
pillar	n.	a vertical cylindrical structure standing alone and not supporting anything (such as a monument)
pillar	n.	(architecture) a tall vertical cylindrical structure standing upright and used to support a structure
pillbox	n.	a small round woman's hat
pillbox	n.	a small case for holding pills
pillbox	n.	a small enclosed gun emplacement (usually of fortified concrete)
pillion	n.	a seat behind the rider of a horse or motorbike etc.
pillock	n.	a person who is not very bright
pillory	n.	a wooden instrument of punishment on a post with holes for the wrists and neck; offenders were locked in and so exposed to public scorn
pillory	v.	expose to ridicule or public scorn
pillory	v.	punish by putting in a pillory
pillory	v.	criticize harshly or violently
pillow	n.	a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person
pillow	v.	rest on or as if on a pillow
pillowcase	n.	bed linen consisting of a cover for a pillow
pilot	n.	someone who is licensed to operate an aircraft in flight
pilot	n.	a person qualified to guide ships through difficult waters going into or out of a harbor
pilot	n.	a program exemplifying a contemplated series; intended to attract sponsors
pilot	n.	something that serves as a model or a basis for making copies
pilot	n.	small auxiliary gas burner that provides a flame to ignite a larger gas burner
pilot	n.	an inclined metal frame at the front of a locomotive to clear the track
pilot	v.	operate an airplane
pilot	v.	act as the navigator in a car, plane, or vessel and plan, direct, plot the path and position of the conveyance
pilothouse	n.	an enclosed compartment from which a vessel can be navigated
pimento	n.	plant bearing large mild thick-walled usually bell-shaped fruits; the principal salad peppers
pimento	n.	fully ripened sweet red pepper; usually cooked
pimiento	n.	plant bearing large mild thick-walled usually bell-shaped fruits; the principal salad peppers
pimiento	n.	fully ripened sweet red pepper; usually cooked
pimp	n.	someone who procures customers for whores (in England they call a pimp a ponce)
pimp	v.	arrange for sexual partners for others
pimpernel	n.	European garden herb with purple-tinged flowers and leaves that are sometimes used for salads
pimpernel	n.	any of several plants of the genus Anagallis
pimple	n.	a small inflamed elevation of the skin; a pustule or papule; common symptom in acne
pimply	adj.	(of complexion) blemished by imperfections of the skin
pin	n.	a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment
pin	n.	when a wrestler's shoulders are forced to the mat
pin	n.	small markers inserted into a surface to mark scores or define locations etc.
pin	n.	a number you choose and use to gain access to various accounts
pin	n.	informal terms for the leg
pin	n.	axis consisting of a short shaft that supports something that turns
pin	n.	cylindrical tumblers consisting of two parts that are held in place by springs; when they are aligned with a key the bolt can be thrown
pin	n.	flagpole used to mark the position of the hole on a golf green
pin	n.	a small slender (often pointed) piece of wood or metal used to support or fasten or attach things
pin	n.	a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing
pin	n.	a club-shaped wooden object used in bowling; set up in triangular groups of ten as the target
pin	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
pin	v.	attach or fasten with pins or as if with pins; .
pin	v.	pierce with a pin
pin	v.	immobilize a piece
pinafore	n.	a sleeveless dress resembling an apron; worn over other clothing
pinata	n.	plaything consisting of a container filled with toys and candy; suspended from a height for blindfolded children to break with sticks
pinatubo	n.	a volcano on Luzon to the northwest of Manila; erupted in 1991 after 600 years of dormancy
pinball	n.	a game played on a sloping board; the object is to propel marbles against pins or into pockets
pincer	n.	a hand tool for holding consisting of a compound lever for grasping
pincer	n.	a grasping structure on the limb of a crustacean or other arthropods
pinch	n.	a painful or straitened circumstance
pinch	n.	an injury resulting from getting some body part squeezed
pinch	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
pinch	n.	a sudden unforeseen crisis (usually involving danger) that requires immediate action
pinch	n.	a small sharp bite or snip
pinch	n.	a squeeze with the fingers
pinch	n.	the act of apprehending (especially apprehending a criminal)
pinch	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
pinch	v.	make ridges into by pinching together
pinch	v.	make off with belongings of others
pinch	v.	cut the top off
pinch	v.	irritate as if by a nip, pinch, or tear
pincus	n.	United States sexual physiologist whose hunch that progesterone could block ovulation led to the development of the oral contraceptive pill (1903-1967)
pincushion	n.	a small stiff cushion into which pins are stuck ready for use
pindar	n.	Greek lyric poet remembered for his odes (518?-438? BC)
pine	n.	a coniferous tree
pine	n.	straight-grained durable and often resinous white to yellowish timber of any of numerous trees of the genus Pinus
pine	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
pineapple	n.	a tropical American plant bearing a large fleshy edible fruit with a terminal tuft of stiff leaves; widely cultivated in the tropics
pineapple	n.	large sweet fleshy tropical fruit with a terminal tuft of stiff leaves; widely cultivated
ping	n.	a river in western Thailand; a major tributary of the Chao Phraya
ping	n.	a sharp high-pitched resonant sound (as of a sonar echo or a bullet striking metal)
ping	v.	hit with a pinging noise
ping	v.	sound like a car engine that is firing too early
ping	v.	make a short high-pitched sound
ping	v.	contact, usually in order to remind of something
ping	v.	send a message from one computer to another to check whether it is reachable and active
pinhead	n.	an ignorant or foolish person
pinhead	n.	the head of a pin
pinhole	n.	a small puncture that might have been made by a pin
pinion	n.	a gear with a small number of teeth designed to mesh with a larger wheel or rack
pinion	n.	any of the larger wing or tail feathers of a bird
pinion	n.	wing of a bird
pinion	v.	bind the arms of
pinion	v.	cut the wings off (of birds)
pink	n.	a light shade of red
pink	n.	any of various flowers of plants of the genus Dianthus cultivated for their fragrant flowers
pink	n.	a person with mildly leftist political views
pink	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
pink	v.	sound like a car engine that is firing too early
pink	v.	cut in a zigzag pattern with pinking shears, in sewing
pink	adj.	of a light shade of red
pinkeye	n.	inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye
pinkie	n.	the finger farthest from the thumb
pinkish	adj.	of a light shade of red
pinkness	n.	the quality of being pink
pinko	n.	a person with mildly leftist political views
pinnacle	n.	(architecture) a slender upright spire at the top of a buttress of tower
pinnacle	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
pinnacle	n.	a lofty peak
pinnacle	v.	surmount with a pinnacle
pinnacle	v.	raise on or as if on a pinnacle
pinnate	adj.	(of a leaf shape) featherlike; having leaflets on each side of a common axis
pinned	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
pinned	v.	attach or fasten with pins or as if with pins; .
pinned	v.	pierce with a pin
pinned	v.	immobilize a piece
pinning	n.	a mutual promise of a couple not to date anyone else; on college campuses it was once signaled by the giving of a fraternity pin
pinning	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
pinning	v.	attach or fasten with pins or as if with pins; .
pinning	v.	pierce with a pin
pinning	v.	immobilize a piece
pinny	n.	a sleeveless dress resembling an apron; worn over other clothing
pinochle	n.	a card game played with a pack of forty-eight cards (two of each suit for high cards); play resembles whist
pinon	n.	any of several low-growing pines of western North America
pinpoint	n.	a very brief moment
pinpoint	n.	a very small spot
pinpoint	n.	the sharp point of a pin
pinpoint	v.	locate exactly
pinprick	n.	a minor annoyance
pinprick	n.	small puncture (as if made by a pin)
pinstripe	n.	a suit made from a fabric with very thin stripes
pinstripe	n.	a fabric with very thin stripes
pinstripe	n.	a very thin stripe (especially a white stripe on a dark fabric)
pint	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 4 gills or 568.26 cubic centimeters
pint	n.	a United States dry unit equal to 0.5 quart or 33.6 cubic inches
pint	n.	a United States liquid unit equal to 16 fluid ounces; two pints equal one quart
pinter	n.	English dramatist whose plays are characterized by silences and the use of inaction (born in 1930)
pinto	n.	a spotted or calico horse or pony
pinwheel	n.	perennial subshrub of Tenerife having leaves in rosettes resembling pinwheels
pinwheel	n.	a wheel that has numerous pins that are set at right angles to its rim
pinwheel	n.	a toy consisting of vanes of colored paper or plastic that is pinned to a stick and spins when it is pointed into the wind
pinwheel	n.	a circular firework that spins round and round emitting colored fire
pinyon	n.	any of several low-growing pines of western North America
pioneer	n.	someone who helps to open up a new line of research or technology or art
pioneer	n.	one the first colonists or settlers in a new territory
pioneer	v.	open up an area or prepare a way
pioneer	v.	take the lead or initiative in; participate in the development of
pioneer	v.	open up and explore a new area
pious	adj.	having or showing or expressing reverence for a deity
piousness	n.	righteousness by virtue of being pious
pip	n.	a disease of poultry
pip	n.	a minor nonspecific ailment
pip	n.	a small hard seed found in some fruits
pip	n.	a mark on a die or on a playing card (shape depending on the suit)
pip	n.	a radar echo displayed so as to show the position of a reflecting surface
pip	v.	kill by firing a missile
pip	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
pip	v.	defeat thoroughly
pipe	n.	a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco
pipe	n.	a long tube made of metal or plastic that is used to carry water or oil or gas etc.
pipe	n.	a hollow cylindrical shape
pipe	n.	a tubular wind instrument
pipe	n.	the flues and stops on a pipe organ
pipe	v.	utter a shrill cry
pipe	v.	transport by pipeline
pipe	v.	play on a pipe
pipe	v.	trim with piping
pipeline	n.	gossip spread by spoken communication
pipeline	n.	a pipe used to transport liquids or gases
piper	n.	someone who plays the bagpipe
piper	n.	type genus of the Piperaceae: large genus of chiefly climbing tropical shrubs
pipette	n.	measuring instrument consisting of a graduated glass tube used to measure or transfer precise volumes of a liquid by drawing the liquid up into the tube
pipework	n.	the flues and stops on a pipe organ
piping	n.	a thin strip of covered cord used to edge hems
piping	n.	a long tube made of metal or plastic that is used to carry water or oil or gas etc.
piping	n.	playing a pipe or the bagpipes
piping	v.	utter a shrill cry
piping	v.	transport by pipeline
piping	v.	play on a pipe
piping	v.	trim with piping
piping	v.	kill by firing a missile
piping	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
piping	v.	defeat thoroughly
piping	adv.	(used of heat) extremely
pipit	n.	a songbird that lives mainly on the ground in open country; has streaky brown plumage
pipped	v.	kill by firing a missile
pipped	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
pipped	v.	defeat thoroughly
pippin	n.	any of numerous superior eating apples with yellow or greenish yellow skin flushed with red
pipping	v.	kill by firing a missile
pipping	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
pipping	v.	defeat thoroughly
piquancy	n.	a tart spicy quality
piquancy	n.	the quality of being agreeably stimulating or mentally exciting
piquant	adj.	having an agreeably pungent taste
piquant	adj.	engagingly stimulating or provocative
piquant	adj.	attracting or delighting
pique	n.	tightly woven fabric with raised cords
pique	n.	a sudden outburst of anger
pique	v.	cause to feel resentment or indignation
piracy	n.	hijacking on the high seas or in similar contexts; taking a ship or plane away from the control of those who are legally entitled to it
piracy	n.	the act of plagiarizing; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own
pirandello	n.	Italian novelist and playwright (1867-1936)
piranha	n.	someone who attacks in search of booty
piranha	n.	small voraciously carnivorous freshwater fishes of South America that attack and destroy living animals
pirate	n.	someone who uses another person's words or ideas as if they were his own
pirate	n.	someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a commission from any sovereign nation
pirate	n.	a ship that is manned by pirates
pirate	v.	copy illegally; of published material
pirate	v.	take arbitrarily or by force
piratical	adj.	characteristic of pirates
piratical	adj.	characteristic of piracy
pirogi	n.	small fruit or meat turnover baked or fried
piroshki	n.	small fruit or meat turnover baked or fried
pirouette	n.	(ballet) a rapid spin of the body (especially on the toes as in ballet)
pirouette	v.	do a pirouette, usually as part of a dance
pisa	n.	a city in Tuscany; site of the famous Leaning Tower
piscatorial	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the activity of fishing
pisces	n.	the twelfth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about February 19 to March 20
pisces	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Pisces
pisces	n.	a large faint zodiacal constellation; between Aquarius and Aries
pisces	n.	a group of vertebrates comprising both cartilaginous and bony fishes and sometimes including the jawless vertebrates; not used technically
pismire	n.	social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and fertile queen have wings during breeding season; wingless sterile females are the workers
piss	n.	liquid excretory product
piss	n.	informal terms for urination
piss	v.	eliminate urine
pistachio	n.	small tree of southern Europe and Asia Minor bearing small hard-shelled nuts
pistachio	n.	nut of Mediterranean trees having an edible green kernel
piste	n.	a flat rectangular area for fencing bouts
piste	n.	a ski run densely packed with snow
pistil	n.	the female ovule-bearing part of a flower composed of ovary and style and stigma
pistillate	adj.	bearing or consisting of carpels
pistillate	adj.	having gynoecia, or pistils, the ovule-bearing organ of a seed plant
pistol	n.	a firearm that is held and fired with one hand
piston	n.	United States neoclassical composer (1894-1976)
piston	n.	mechanical device that has a plunging or thrusting motion
pit	n.	a sizeable hole (usually in the ground)
pit	n.	a concavity in a surface (especially an anatomical depression)
pit	n.	the hard inner (usually woody) layer of the pericarp of some fruits (as peaches or plums or cherries or olives) that contains the seed
pit	n.	(Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment; - John Milton; ; -Dr. Johnson
pit	n.	an enclosure in which animals are made to fight
pit	n.	(commodity exchange) the part of the floor of a commodity exchange where trading in a particular commodity is carried on
pit	n.	(auto racing) an area at the side of a racetrack where the race cars are serviced and refueled
pit	n.	a trap in the form of a concealed hole
pit	n.	a surface excavation for extracting stone or slate
pit	n.	lowered area in front of a stage where an orchestra accompanies the performers
pit	n.	a workplace consisting of a coal mine plus all the buildings and equipment connected with it
pit	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
pit	v.	mark with a scar
pit	v.	remove the pits from
pita	n.	usually small round bread that can open into a pocket for filling
pitch	n.	the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibration
pitch	n.	(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter
pitch	n.	a vendor's position (especially on the sidewalk)
pitch	n.	promotion by means of an argument and demonstration
pitch	n.	degree of deviation from a horizontal plane
pitch	n.	any of various dark heavy viscid substances obtained as a residue
pitch	n.	a high approach shot in golf
pitch	n.	an all-fours game in which the first card led is a trump
pitch	n.	abrupt up-and-down motion (as caused by a ship or other conveyance)
pitch	n.	the action or manner of throwing something
pitch	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
pitch	v.	move abruptly
pitch	v.	fall or plunge forward
pitch	v.	set to a certain pitch
pitch	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
pitch	v.	be at an angle
pitch	v.	heel over
pitch	v.	erect and fasten
pitch	v.	throw or hurl from the mound to the batter, as in baseball
pitch	v.	hit (a golf ball) in a high arc with a backspin
pitch	v.	lead (a card) and establish the trump suit
pitch	v.	set the level or character of
pitchblende	n.	a mineral consisting of uranium oxide and trace amounts of radium and thorium and polonium and lead and helium; uraninite in massive form is called pitchblende which is the chief uranium ore
pitcher	n.	(baseball) the person who does the pitching
pitcher	n.	an open vessel with a handle and a spout for pouring
pitcher	n.	the quantity contained in a pitcher
pitcher	n.	(botany) a leaf that that is modified in such a way as to resemble a pitcher or ewer
pitcher	n.	the position on a baseball team of the player who throws the ball for a batter to try to hit
pitchfork	n.	a long-handled hand tool with sharp widely spaced prongs for lifting and pitching hay
pitchfork	v.	lift with a pitchfork
pitchman	n.	an aggressive salesman who uses a fast line of talk to sell something
pitchman	n.	someone who travels about selling his wares (as on the streets or at carnivals)
pitchmen	n.	an aggressive salesman who uses a fast line of talk to sell something
pitchmen	n.	someone who travels about selling his wares (as on the streets or at carnivals)
piteous	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
pitfall	n.	an unforeseen or unexpected or surprising difficulty
pitfall	n.	a trap in the form of a concealed hole
pith	n.	soft spongelike central cylinder of the stems of most flowering plants
pith	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
pith	v.	remove the pith from (a plant)
pithead	n.	the entrance to a coal mine
pithily	adv.	in a pithy sententious manner
pithiness	n.	terseness and economy in writing and speaking achieved by expressing a great deal in just a few words
pithy	adj.	concise and full of meaning; ; - Hervey Allen
pitiable	adj.	inspiring mixed contempt and pity
pitiable	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
pitiably	adv.	in a manner arousing sympathy and compassion
pitiful	adj.	inspiring mixed contempt and pity
pitiful	adj.	bad; unfortunate
pitiful	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
pitiless	adj.	without mercy or pity
pitiless	adj.	deficient in humane and kindly feelings
pitilessness	n.	feelings of extreme heartlessness
pitilessness	n.	mercilessness characterized by a lack of pity
piton	n.	a metal spike with a hole for a rope; mountaineers drive it into ice or rock to use as a hold
pitt	n.	a British playwright who created the fictional character Sweeney Todd (1799-1855)
pitt	n.	English statesman and son of Pitt the Elder (1759-1806)
pitt	n.	English statesman who brought the Seven Years' War to an end (1708-1778)
pitta	n.	any bird of the genus Pitta; brilliantly colored chiefly terrestrial birds with short wings and tail and stout bills
pittance	n.	an inadequate payment
pitted	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
pitted	v.	mark with a scar
pitted	v.	remove the pits from
pitted	adj.	pitted with cell-like cavities (as a honeycomb)
pitting	n.	the formation of small pits in a surface as a consequence of corrosion
pitting	v.	set into opposition or rivalry
pitting	v.	mark with a scar
pitting	v.	remove the pits from
pitts	n.	a British playwright who created the fictional character Sweeney Todd (1799-1855)
pitts	n.	English statesman and son of Pitt the Elder (1759-1806)
pitts	n.	English statesman who brought the Seven Years' War to an end (1708-1778)
pittsburgh	n.	a city in southwestern Pennsylvania where the confluence of the Allegheny River and Monongahela River forms the Ohio River; long an important urban industrial area; site of Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh
pittsfield	n.	a town in western Massachusetts
pituitary	n.	the master gland of the endocrine system; located at the base of the brain
pituitary	adj.	of or relating to the pituitary gland
pity	n.	a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others
pity	n.	an unfortunate development
pity	n.	the humane quality of understanding the suffering of others and wanting to do something about it
pity	v.	share the suffering of
pitying	v.	share the suffering of
pivot	n.	the person in a rank around whom the others wheel and maneuver
pivot	n.	axis consisting of a short shaft that supports something that turns
pivot	n.	the act of turning on (or as if on) a pivot
pivot	v.	turn on a pivot
pivotal	adj.	being of crucial importance; ; - Henry Kissinger
pix	n.	a chest in which coins from the mint are held to await assay
pix	n.	any receptacle in which wafers for the Eucharist are kept
pixel	n.	(computer science) the smallest discrete component of an image or picture on a CRT screen (usually a colored dot)
pixie	n.	(folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous
pixie	n.	creeping evergreen shrub having narrow overlapping leaves and early white star-shaped flowers; of the pine barrens of New Jersey and the Carolinas
pizarro	n.	Spanish conquistador who conquered the Incas in what is now Peru and founded the city of Lima (1475-1541)
pizza	n.	Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g. tomato sauce and cheese
pizzazz	n.	the activeness of an energetic personality
pizzeria	n.	a shop where pizzas are made and sold
pizzicato	n.	a note or passage that is played pizzicato
pizzicato	adj.	(of instruments in the violin family) to be plucked with the finger
pizzicato	adv.	with a light plucking staccato sound
pj's	n.	(usually plural) loose-fitting nightclothes worn for sleeping or lounging; have a jacket top and trousers
placard	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
placard	v.	post in a public place
placard	v.	publicize or announce by placards
placate	v.	cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of
placation	n.	the act of placating and overcoming distrust and animosity
placatory	adj.	intended to pacify by acceding to demands or granting concessions
place	n.	a point located with respect to surface features of some region
place	n.	any area set aside for a particular purpose
place	n.	an abstract mental location
place	n.	a general vicinity
place	n.	the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another
place	n.	a particular situation
place	n.	where you live at a particular time
place	n.	a job in an organization
place	n.	the particular portion of space occupied by something
place	n.	proper or designated social situation
place	n.	a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane)
place	n.	the passage that is being read
place	n.	proper or appropriate position or location
place	n.	a public square with room for pedestrians
place	n.	an item on a list or in a sequence
place	n.	a blank area
place	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
place	v.	place somebody in a particular situation or location
place	v.	assign a rank or rating to
place	v.	assign a location to
place	v.	to arrange for
place	v.	take a place in a competition; often followed by an ordinal
place	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
place	v.	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something
place	v.	assign to (a job or a home)
place	v.	locate
place	v.	estimate
place	v.	identify the location or place of
place	v.	make an investment
place	v.	assign to a station
place	v.	finish second or better in a horse or dog race
place	v.	sing a note with the correct pitch
placebo	n.	an innocuous or inert medication; given as a pacifier or to the control group in experiments on the efficacy of a drug
placebo	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) vespers of the office for the dead
placed	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
placed	v.	place somebody in a particular situation or location
placed	v.	assign a rank or rating to
placed	v.	assign a location to
placed	v.	to arrange for
placed	v.	take a place in a competition; often followed by an ordinal
placed	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
placed	v.	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something
placed	v.	assign to (a job or a home)
placed	v.	locate
placed	v.	estimate
placed	v.	identify the location or place of
placed	v.	make an investment
placed	v.	assign to a station
placed	v.	finish second or better in a horse or dog race
placed	v.	sing a note with the correct pitch
placed	adj.	situated in a particular spot or position
placed	adj.	put in position in relation to other things
placeholder	n.	a person authorized to act for another
placeholder	n.	a symbol in a logical or mathematical expression that can be replaced by the name of any member of specified set
placekicker	n.	(football) a kicker who makes a place kick for a goal
placement	n.	the spatial property of the way in which something is placed
placement	n.	contact established between applicants and prospective employees
placement	n.	the act of putting something in a certain place
placenta	n.	that part of the ovary of a flowering plant where the ovules form
placenta	n.	the vascular structure in the uterus of most mammals providing oxygen and nutrients for and transferring wastes from the developing fetus
placental	n.	mammals having a placenta; all mammals except monotremes and marsupials
placental	adj.	pertaining to or having or occurring by means of a placenta
placer	n.	an alluvial deposit that contains particles of some valuable mineral
placid	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
placid	adj.	not easily irritated
placidity	n.	a feeling of calmness; a quiet and undisturbed feeling
placidity	n.	a disposition free from stress or emotion
placket	n.	a piece of cloth sewn under an opening
plagiarism	n.	a piece of writing that has been copied from someone else and is presented as being your own work
plagiarism	n.	the act of plagiarizing; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own
plagiarist	n.	someone who uses another person's words or ideas as if they were his own
plagiarize	v.	take without referencing from someone else's writing or speech; of intellectual property
plagiarizer	n.	someone who uses another person's words or ideas as if they were his own
plague	n.	a serious (sometimes fatal) infection of rodents caused by Yersinia pestis and accidentally transmitted to humans by the bite of a flea that has bitten an infected animal
plague	n.	any epidemic disease with a high death rate
plague	n.	a swarm of insects that attack plants
plague	n.	any large scale calamity (especially when thought to be sent by God)
plague	n.	an annoyance
plague	v.	cause to suffer a blight
plague	v.	annoy continually or chronically
plaice	n.	flesh of large European flatfish
plaice	n.	large European food fish
plaid	n.	a cloth having a crisscross design
plain	n.	extensive tract of level open land
plain	n.	a basic knitting stitch
plain	v.	express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
plain	adj.	clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment
plain	adj.	not elaborate or elaborated; simple
plain	adj.	lacking patterns especially in color
plain	adj.	not mixed with extraneous elements
plain	adj.	free from any effort to soften to disguise
plain	adj.	lacking embellishment or ornamentation
plain	adj.	lacking in physical beauty or proportion
plain	adv.	unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly')
plainchant	n.	a liturgical chant of the Roman Catholic Church
plainclothesman	n.	a detective who wears civilian clothes on duty
plainclothesmen	n.	a detective who wears civilian clothes on duty
plainness	n.	the state of being unmixed with other material
plainness	n.	clarity as a consequence of being perspicuous
plainness	n.	the appearance of being plain and unpretentious
plainness	n.	an appearance that is not attractive or beautiful
plainsman	n.	an inhabitant of a plains region (especially the Great Plains of North America)
plainsmen	n.	an inhabitant of a plains region (especially the Great Plains of North America)
plainsong	n.	a liturgical chant of the Roman Catholic Church
plainspoken	adj.	using simple and direct language
plainspoken	adj.	characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion
plaint	n.	(United Kingdom) a written statement of the grounds of complaint made to court of law asking for the grievance to be redressed
plaint	n.	a cry of sorrow and grief
plaintiff	n.	a person who brings an action in a court of law
plaintive	adj.	expressing sorrow
plait	n.	a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair
plait	n.	any of various types of fold formed by doubling fabric back upon itself and then pressing or stitching into shape
plait	v.	make by braiding or interlacing
plait	v.	weave into plaits
plan	n.	a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished
plan	n.	an arrangement scheme
plan	n.	scale drawing of a structure
plan	v.	have the will and intention to carry out some action
plan	v.	make plans for something
plan	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
plan	v.	make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form
planar	adj.	involving two dimensions
planck	n.	German physicist whose explanation of blackbody radiation in the context of quantized energy emissions initiated quantum theory (1858-1947)
plane	n.	an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets
plane	n.	(mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape
plane	n.	a level of existence or development
plane	n.	a power tool for smoothing or shaping wood
plane	n.	a carpenter's hand tool with an adjustable blade for smoothing or shaping wood
plane	v.	cut or remove with or as if with a plane
plane	v.	travel on the surface of water
plane	v.	make even or smooth, with or as with a carpenter's plane
plane	adj.	having a surface without slope, tilt in which no part is higher or lower than another
planer	n.	a power tool for smoothing or shaping wood
planet	n.	(astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that revolve around the sun and shine by reflected light; Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto in order of their proximity to the sun; viewed from the constellation Hercules, all the planets rotate around the sun in a counterclockwise direction
planet	n.	a person who follows or serves another
planet	n.	any celestial body (other than comets or satellites) that revolves around a star
planetarium	n.	a building housing an instrument for projecting the positions of the planets onto a domed ceiling
planetarium	n.	an optical device for projecting images of celestial bodies and other astronomical phenomena onto the inner surface of a hemispherical dome
planetarium	n.	an apparatus or model for representing the solar systems
planetary	adj.	of or relating to or resembling the physical or orbital characteristics of a planet or the planets
planetary	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the planet Earth or its inhabitants; - L.C.Eiseley
planetary	adj.	having no fixed course
planetary	adj.	involving the entire earth; not limited or provincial in scope
plangency	n.	having the character of a loud deep sound; the quality of being resonant
plangent	adj.	loud and resounding
plank	n.	a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
plank	n.	an endorsed policy in the platform of a political party
plank	v.	cover with planks
plank	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plank	v.	cook and serve on a plank
planking	n.	planks collectively; a quantity of planks
planking	n.	(nautical) a covering or flooring constructed of planks (as on a ship)
planking	n.	the work of covering an area with planks
planking	v.	cover with planks
planking	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
planking	v.	cook and serve on a plank
plankton	n.	the aggregate of small plant and animal organisms that float or drift in great numbers in fresh or salt water
planned	v.	have the will and intention to carry out some action
planned	v.	make plans for something
planned	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
planned	v.	make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form
planned	adj.	designed or carried out according to a plan
planned	adj.	planned in advance
planner	n.	a person who makes plans
planner	n.	a notebook for recording appointments and things to be done, etc.
planning	n.	an act of formulating a program for a definite course of action
planning	n.	the act or process of drawing up plans or layouts for some project or enterprise
planning	n.	the cognitive process of thinking about what you will do in the event of something happening
planning	v.	have the will and intention to carry out some action
planning	v.	make plans for something
planning	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
planning	v.	make a design of; plan out in systematic, often graphic form
plano	n.	a city in northeastern Texas (suburb of Dallas)
plant	n.	buildings for carrying on industrial labor
plant	n.	(botany) a living organism lacking the power of locomotion
plant	n.	an actor situated in the audience whose acting is rehearsed but seems spontaneous to the audience
plant	n.	something planted secretly for discovery by another
plant	v.	put or set (seeds, seedlings, or plants) into the ground
plant	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
plant	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
plant	v.	place into a river
plant	v.	place something or someone in a certain position in order to secretly observe or deceive
plant	v.	put firmly in the mind
plantagenet	n.	the family name of a line of English kings that reigned from 1154 to 1485
plantain	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Plantago; mostly small roadside or dooryard weeds with elliptic leaves and small spikes of very small flowers; seeds of some used medicinally
plantain	n.	a banana tree bearing hanging clusters of edible angular greenish starchy fruits; tropics and subtropics
plantain	n.	starchy banana-like fruit; eaten (always cooked) as a staple vegetable throughout the tropics
plantar	adj.	relating to or occurring on the undersurface of the foot
plantation	n.	an estate where cash crops are grown on a large scale (especially in tropical areas)
plantation	n.	a newly established colony (especially in the colonization of North America)
plantation	n.	garden consisting of a small cultivated wood without undergrowth
planter	n.	the owner or manager of a plantation
planter	n.	a worker who puts or sets seeds or seedlings into the ground
planter	n.	a decorative pot for house plants
planting	n.	the act of fixing firmly in place
planting	n.	a collection of plants (trees or shrubs or flowers) in a particular area
planting	n.	putting seeds or young plants in the ground to grow
planting	v.	put or set (seeds, seedlings, or plants) into the ground
planting	v.	fix or set securely or deeply
planting	v.	set up or lay the groundwork for
planting	v.	place into a river
planting	v.	place something or someone in a certain position in order to secretly observe or deceive
planting	v.	put firmly in the mind
plaque	n.	(pathology) a small abnormal patch on or inside the body
plaque	n.	a memorial made of brass
plash	n.	the sound like water splashing
plash	v.	interlace the shoots of
plash	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
plasma	n.	the colorless watery fluid of the blood and lymph that contains no cells, but in which the blood cells (erythrocytes, leukocytes, and thrombocytes) are suspended
plasma	n.	a green slightly translucent variety of chalcedony used as a gemstone
plasma	n.	(physical chemistry) a fourth state of matter distinct from solid or liquid or gas and present in stars and fusion reactors; a gas becomes a plasma when it is heated until the atoms lose all their electrons, leaving a highly electrified collection of nuclei and free electrons
plaster	n.	a mixture of lime or gypsum with sand and water; hardens into a smooth solid; used to cover walls and ceilings
plaster	n.	any of several gypsum cements; a white powder (a form of calcium sulphate) that forms a paste when mixed with water and hardens into a solid; used in making molds and sculptures and casts for broken limbs
plaster	n.	a medical dressing consisting of a soft heated mass of meal or clay that is spread on a cloth and applied to the skin to treat inflamed areas or improve circulation etc.
plaster	n.	a surface of hardened plaster (as on a wall or ceiling)
plaster	n.	adhesive tape used in dressing wounds
plaster	v.	apply a heavy coat to
plaster	v.	cover conspicuously or thickly, as by pasting something on
plaster	v.	affix conspicuously
plaster	v.	apply a plaster cast to
plaster	v.	coat with plaster
plaster	v.	dress by covering with a therapeutic substance
plasterboard	n.	wallboard with a gypsum plaster core bonded to layers of paper or fiberboard; used instead of plaster or wallboard to make interior walls
plasterer	n.	a worker skilled in applying plaster
plastic	n.	generic name for certain synthetic or semisynthetic materials that can be molded or extruded into objects or films or filaments or used for making e.g. coatings and adhesives
plastic	n.	a card (usually plastic) that assures a seller that the person using it has a satisfactory credit rating and that the issuer will see to it that the seller receives payment for the merchandise delivered
plastic	adj.	capable of being molded or modeled (especially of earth or clay or other soft material)
plastic	adj.	capable of being influenced or formed
plastic	adj.	forming or capable of forming or molding or fashioning
plasticine	n.	a synthetic material resembling clay but remaining soft; used as a substitute for clay or wax in modeling (especially in schools)
plasticity	n.	the property of being physically malleable; the property of something that can be worked or hammered or shaped without breaking
plasticize	v.	become plastic, as by having a plasticizer added
plasticize	v.	make plastic, as by the addition of a plasticizer
plastique	n.	an explosive material that is easily molded around the object it is intended to destroy
plat	n.	a map showing planned or actual features of an area (streets and building lots etc.)
plat	v.	make a plat of
plataea	n.	a former town in Boeotia; site of a battle between the Greeks and Persians in 479 BC
plataea	n.	a defeat of the Persian army by the Greeks at Plataea in 479 BC
plate	n.	(baseball) base consisting of a rubber slab where the batter stands; it must be touched by a base runner in order to score
plate	n.	a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic
plate	n.	a full-page illustration (usually on slick paper)
plate	n.	dish on which food is served or from which food is eaten
plate	n.	the quantity contained in a plate
plate	n.	a rigid layer of the Earth's crust that is believed to drift slowly
plate	n.	the thin under portion of the forequarter
plate	n.	a main course served on a plate
plate	n.	any flat platelike body structure or part
plate	n.	the positively charged electrode in a vacuum tube
plate	n.	a flat sheet of metal or glass on which a photographic image can be recorded
plate	n.	structural member consisting of a horizontal beam that provides bearing and anchorage
plate	n.	a shallow receptacle for collection in church
plate	n.	a metal sheathing of uniform thickness (such as the shield attached to an artillery piece to protect the gunners)
plate	n.	a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth
plate	v.	coat with a layer of metal
plateau	n.	a relatively flat highland
plateful	n.	the quantity contained in a plate
platelet	n.	tiny bits of protoplasm found in vertebrate blood; essential for blood clotting
platen	n.	work table of a machine tool
platen	n.	the flat plate of a printing press that presses the paper against the type
platen	n.	the roller on a typewriter against which the keys strike
platform	n.	a raised horizontal surface
platform	n.	a document stating the aims and principles of a political party
platform	n.	the combination of a particular computer and a particular operating system
platform	n.	any military structure or vehicle bearing weapons
platform	n.	a woman's shoe with a very high thick sole
plath	n.	United States writer and poet (1932-1963)
plating	n.	a thin coating of metal deposited on a surface
plating	n.	the application of a thin coat of metal (as by electrolysis)
plating	v.	coat with a layer of metal
plating	v.	make a plat of
platinum	n.	a heavy precious metallic element; grey-white and resistant to corroding; occurs in some nickel and copper ores and is also found native in some deposits
platitude	n.	a trite or obvious remark
platitudinous	adj.	dull and tiresome but with pretensions of significance or originality
plato	n.	ancient Athenian philosopher; pupil of Socrates; teacher of Aristotle (428-347 BC)
platonic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Plato or his philosophy
platonic	adj.	free from physical desire
platonism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical doctrine that abstract concepts exist independent of their names
platonist	n.	an advocate of Platonism
platoon	n.	a military unit that is a subdivision of a company; usually has a headquarters and two or more squads; usually commanded by a lieutenant
platoon	n.	a team of policemen working under the military platoon system
platoon	n.	a group of persons who are engaged in a common activity
platte	n.	a river in Nebraska that flows eastward to become a tributary of the Missouri River
platted	v.	make a plat of
platter	n.	a large shallow dish used for serving food
platter	n.	sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove
platting	v.	make a plat of
platy	n.	small stocky Mexican fish; popular aquarium fish
platypus	n.	small densely furred aquatic monotreme of Australia and Tasmania having a broad bill and tail and webbed feet; only species in the family Ornithorhynchidae
platys	n.	small stocky Mexican fish; popular aquarium fish
plaudit	n.	enthusiastic approval
plausibility	n.	apparent validity
plausible	adj.	apparently reasonable and valid, and truthful
plausible	adj.	given to or characterized by presenting specious arguments
plausibly	adv.	easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
plautus	n.	comic dramatist of ancient Rome (253?-184 BC)
plautus	n.	a genus of Alcidae
play	n.	a dramatic work intended for performance by actors on a stage
play	n.	a theatrical performance of a drama
play	n.	a preset plan of action in team sports
play	n.	a deliberate coordinated movement requiring dexterity and skill
play	n.	a state in which action is feasible
play	n.	utilization or exercise
play	n.	an attempt to get something
play	n.	activity by children that is guided more by imagination than by fixed rules
play	n.	(in games or plays or other performances) the time during which play proceeds
play	n.	the removal of constraints
play	n.	a weak and tremulous light
play	n.	verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously)
play	n.	movement or space for movement
play	n.	gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement
play	n.	(game) the activity of doing something in an agreed succession
play	n.	the act of playing for stakes in the hope of winning (including the payment of a price for a chance to win a prize)
play	n.	the act using a sword (or other weapon) vigorously and skillfully
play	v.	participate in games or sport
play	v.	act or have an effect in a specified way or with a specific effect or outcome
play	v.	play on an instrument
play	v.	play a role or part
play	v.	be at play; be engaged in playful activity; amuse oneself in a way characteristic of children
play	v.	replay (as a melody)
play	v.	perform music on (a musical instrument)
play	v.	pretend to have certain qualities or state of mind
play	v.	move or seem to move quickly, lightly, or irregularly
play	v.	bet or wager (money)
play	v.	engage in recreational activities rather than work; occupy oneself in a diversion
play	v.	pretend to be somebody in the framework of a game or playful activity
play	v.	emit recorded sound
play	v.	perform on a certain location
play	v.	put (a card or piece) into play during a game, or act strategically as if in a card game
play	v.	engage in an activity as if it were a game rather than take it seriously
play	v.	behave in a certain way
play	v.	cause to emit recorded audio or video
play	v.	manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination
play	v.	use to one's advantage
play	v.	consider not very seriously
play	v.	be received or accepted or interpreted in a specific way
play	v.	behave carelessly or indifferently
play	v.	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space
play	v.	perform on a stage or theater
play	v.	be performed or presented for public viewing
play	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
play	v.	discharge or direct or be discharged or directed as if in a continuous stream
play	v.	make bets
play	v.	stake on the outcome of an issue
play	v.	shoot or hit in a particular manner
play	v.	use or move
play	v.	employ in a game or in a specific position
play	v.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle
play	v.	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
playable	adj.	capable of or suitable for being played or played on; ; ; ; - P.H.Lang
playact	v.	perform on a stage or theater
playacting	n.	the performance of a part or role in a drama
playacting	v.	perform on a stage or theater
playback	n.	the act of reproducing recorded sound
playback	n.	electronic equipment comprising the part of a tape recorder that reproduces the recorded material
playbill	n.	a theatrical program
playbook	n.	a notebook containing descriptions and diagrams of the plays that a team has practiced (especially an American football team)
playbook	n.	a book containing the scripts of one or more dramatic plays
playbook	n.	a scheme or set of strategies for conducting a business campaign or a political campaign
playboy	n.	a man devoted to the pursuit of pleasure
player	n.	a person who participates in or is skilled at some game
player	n.	someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession)
player	n.	a theatrical performer
player	n.	a person who pursues a number of different social and sexual partners simultaneously
player	n.	an important participant (as in a business deal)
playfellow	n.	a companion at play
playful	adj.	full of fun and high spirits
playfulness	n.	a festive merry feeling
playfulness	n.	a disposition to find (or make) causes for amusement
playfulness	n.	activities that are enjoyable or amusing
playgoer	n.	someone who attends the theater
playground	n.	an area where many people go for recreation
playground	n.	yard consisting of an outdoor area for children's play
playhouse	n.	plaything consisting of a small model of a house that children can play inside of
playlist	n.	a list of musical selections for performance or for broadcast by radio
playmate	n.	a companion at play
playoff	n.	any final competition to determine a championship
playpen	n.	a portable enclosure in which babies may be left to play
playroom	n.	a recreation room for noisy activities (parties or children's play etc)
playschool	n.	a small informal nursery group meeting for half-day sessions
plaything	n.	an artifact designed to be played with
playtime	n.	time for play or diversion
playwright	n.	someone who writes plays
plaza	n.	a public square with room for pedestrians
plaza	n.	mercantile establishment consisting of a carefully landscaped complex of shops representing leading merchandisers; usually includes restaurants and a convenient parking area; a modern version of the traditional marketplace
plea	n.	a humble request for help from someone in authority
plea	n.	(law) a defendant's answer by a factual matter (as distinguished from a demurrer)
plea	n.	an answer indicating why a suit should be dismissed
plead	v.	appeal or request earnestly
plead	v.	offer as an excuse or plea
plead	v.	enter a plea, as in courts of law
plead	v.	make an allegation in an action or other legal proceeding, especially answer the previous pleading of the other party by denying facts therein stated or by alleging new facts
pleader	n.	a lawyer who pleads cases in court
pleading	n.	(law) a statement in legal and logical form stating something on behalf of a party to a legal proceeding
pleading	v.	appeal or request earnestly
pleading	v.	offer as an excuse or plea
pleading	v.	enter a plea, as in courts of law
pleading	v.	make an allegation in an action or other legal proceeding, especially answer the previous pleading of the other party by denying facts therein stated or by alleging new facts
pleading	adj.	begging
pleasant	adj.	affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings
pleasant	adj.	(of persons) having pleasing manners or behavior
pleasanter	adj.	affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings
pleasanter	adj.	(of persons) having pleasing manners or behavior
pleasantness	n.	the feeling caused by agreeable stimuli; one pole of a continuum of states of feeling
pleasantness	n.	the quality of giving pleasure
pleasantry	n.	an agreeable or amusing remark
please	v.	give pleasure to or be pleasing to
please	v.	be the will of or have the will (to)
please	v.	give satisfaction
please	adv.	used in polite request
pleasing	n.	the act of one who pleases
pleasing	v.	give pleasure to or be pleasing to
pleasing	v.	be the will of or have the will (to)
pleasing	v.	give satisfaction
pleasing	adj.	giving pleasure and satisfaction
pleasurably	adv.	in a very pleasurable manner
pleasure	n.	a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experience
pleasure	n.	something or someone that provides a source of happiness
pleasure	n.	a formal expression
pleasure	n.	an activity that affords enjoyment
pleasure	n.	sexual gratification
pleat	n.	any of various types of fold formed by doubling fabric back upon itself and then pressing or stitching into shape
pleat	v.	pleat or gather into a ruffle
pleat	v.	fold into pleats,
pleb	n.	one of the common people
plebe	n.	a military trainee (as at a military academy)
plebeian	n.	one of the common people
plebeian	adj.	of or associated with the great masses of people
plebiscite	n.	a vote by the electorate determining public opinion on a question of national importance
plectra	n.	a small thin device (of metal or plastic or ivory) used to pluck a stringed instrument
plectrum	n.	a small thin device (of metal or plastic or ivory) used to pluck a stringed instrument
pledge	n.	a deposit of personal property as security for a debt
pledge	n.	someone accepted for membership but not yet fully admitted to the group
pledge	n.	a drink in honor of or to the health of a person or event
pledge	n.	a binding commitment to do or give or refrain from something
pledge	v.	promise solemnly and formally
pledge	v.	pay (an amount of money) as a contribution to a charity or service, especially at regular intervals
pledge	v.	propose a toast to
pledge	v.	give as a guarantee
pledge	v.	bind or secure by a pledge
pleiades	n.	(Greek mythology) 7 daughters of Atlas and half-sisters of the Hyades; placed among the stars to save them from the pursuit of Orion
pleiades	n.	a star cluster in the constellation Taurus
pleistocene	n.	from two million to 11 thousand years ago; extensive glaciation of the northern hemisphere; the time of human evolution
plenary	adj.	full in all respects
plenipotentiary	n.	a diplomat who is fully authorized to represent his or her government
plenitude	n.	a full supply
plenteous	adj.	affording an abundant supply
plentiful	adj.	existing in great number or quantity
plentiful	adj.	affording an abundant supply
plentiful	adj.	producing in abundance
plenty	n.	a full supply
plenty	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
plenty	adv.	as much as necessary; ; (`plenty' is nonstandard)
plenum	n.	a meeting of a legislative body at which all members are present
plenum	n.	an enclosed space in which the air pressure is higher than outside
pleonasm	n.	using more words than necessary
plethora	n.	extreme excess
pleura	n.	the thin serous membrane around the lungs and inner walls of the chest
pleurae	n.	the thin serous membrane around the lungs and inner walls of the chest
pleurisy	n.	inflammation of the pleura of the lungs (especially the parietal layer)
plexiglas	n.	a light transparent weather resistant thermoplastic
plexus	n.	a network of intersecting blood vessels or intersecting nerves or intersecting lymph vessels
pliability	n.	the property of being easily bent without breaking
pliability	n.	adaptability of mind or character
pliable	adj.	susceptible to being led or directed
pliable	adj.	capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out
pliable	adj.	able to adjust readily to different conditions
pliable	adj.	capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking
pliancy	n.	the property of being pliant and flexible
pliancy	n.	adaptability of mind or character
pliant	adj.	capable of being influenced or formed
pliant	adj.	capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out
pliant	adj.	able to adjust readily to different conditions
pliant	adj.	capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking
pliers	n.	a gripping hand tool with two hinged arms and (usually) serrated jaws
pliers	n.	someone who plies a trade
plight	n.	a situation from which extrication is difficult especially an unpleasant or trying one
plight	n.	a solemn pledge of fidelity
plight	v.	give to in marriage
plight	v.	promise solemnly and formally
plimsoll	n.	waterlines to show the level the water should reach when the ship is properly loaded
plimsoll	n.	a light gym shoe with a rubber sole and a canvas top
plinth	n.	an architectural support or base (as for a column or statue)
plinths	n.	an architectural support or base (as for a column or statue)
pliny	n.	Roman writer and nephew of Pliny the Elder; author of books of letters that commented on affairs of the day (62-113)
pliny	n.	Roman author of an encyclopedic natural history; died while observing the eruption of Vesuvius (23-79)
pliocene	n.	from 13 million to 2 million years ago; growth of mountains; cooling of climate; more and larger mammals
plo	n.	a political movement uniting Palestinian Arabs in an effort to create an independent state of Palestine; when formed in 1964 it was a terrorist organization dominated by Yasser Arafat's al-Fatah; in 1968 Arafat became chairman; received recognition by the United Nations and by Arab states in 1974 as a government in exile; has played a largely political role since the creation of the Palestine National Authority
plod	n.	the act of walking with a slow heavy gait
plod	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
plodded	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
plodder	n.	someone who walks in a laborious heavy-footed manner
plodder	n.	someone who works slowly and monotonously for long hours
plodder	n.	someone who moves slowly
plodding	n.	hard monotonous routine work
plodding	n.	the act of walking with a slow heavy gait
plodding	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
plodding	adj.	(of movement) slow and laborious
plonk	n.	a cheap wine of inferior quality
plonk	n.	the noise of something dropping (as into liquid)
plonk	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plop	n.	the noise of a rounded object dropping into a liquid without a splash
plop	v.	drop something with a plopping sound
plop	v.	drop with the sound of something falling into water
plop	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plop	adv.	with a short hollow thud
plopped	v.	drop something with a plopping sound
plopped	v.	drop with the sound of something falling into water
plopped	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plopping	v.	drop something with a plopping sound
plopping	v.	drop with the sound of something falling into water
plopping	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plosive	n.	a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it
plot	n.	a secret scheme to do something (especially something underhand or illegal)
plot	n.	a small area of ground covered by specific vegetation
plot	n.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc.
plot	n.	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object
plot	v.	plan secretly, usually something illegal
plot	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
plot	v.	make a plat of
plot	v.	devise the sequence of events in (a literary work or a play, movie, or ballet)
plotted	v.	plan secretly, usually something illegal
plotted	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
plotted	v.	make a plat of
plotted	v.	devise the sequence of events in (a literary work or a play, movie, or ballet)
plotted	adj.	planned in advance
plotter	n.	a planner who draws up a personal scheme of action
plotter	n.	a clerk who marks data on a chart
plotter	n.	a member of a conspiracy
plotter	n.	an instrument (usually driven by a computer) for drawing graphs or pictures
plotting	v.	plan secretly, usually something illegal
plotting	v.	make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed
plotting	v.	make a plat of
plotting	v.	devise the sequence of events in (a literary work or a play, movie, or ballet)
plover	n.	any of numerous chiefly shorebirds of relatively compact build having straight bills and large pointed wings; closely related to the sandpipers
plow	n.	a farm tool having one or more heavy blades to break the soil and cut a furrow prior to sowing
plow	v.	to break and turn over earth especially with a plow
plow	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
plow	v.	move in a way resembling that of a plow cutting into or going through the soil
plowman	n.	a man who plows
plowmen	n.	a man who plows
plowshare	n.	a sharp steel wedge that cuts loose the top layer of soil
ploy	n.	an opening remark intended to secure an advantage for the speaker
ploy	n.	a maneuver in a game or conversation
pluck	n.	the trait of showing courage and determination in spite of possible loss or injury
pluck	n.	the act of pulling and releasing a taut cord
pluck	v.	pull or pull out sharply
pluck	v.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity
pluck	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
pluck	v.	pull lightly but sharply with a plucking motion
pluck	v.	strip of feathers
pluck	v.	look for and gather
pluckily	adv.	in a plucky manner
pluckiness	n.	the trait of showing courage and determination in spite of possible loss or injury
plucky	adj.	marked by courage and determination in the face of difficulties or danger; robust and uninhibited; ; -Judith Crist
plucky	adj.	showing courage
plug	n.	blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly
plug	n.	a wad of something chewable as tobacco
plug	n.	blatant or sensational promotion
plug	n.	electrical device that fits into the cylinder head of an internal-combustion engine and ignites the gas by means of an electric spark
plug	n.	an electrical device with two or three pins that is inserted in a socket to make an electrical connection
plug	n.	an upright hydrant for drawing water to use in fighting a fire
plug	n.	an old or over-worked horse
plug	v.	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug
plug	v.	persist in working hard
plug	v.	deliver a quick blow to
plug	v.	make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote
plug	v.	insert a plug into
plug	v.	insert as a plug
plugged	v.	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug
plugged	v.	persist in working hard
plugged	v.	deliver a quick blow to
plugged	v.	make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote
plugged	v.	insert a plug into
plugged	v.	insert as a plug
plugged	adj.	(of a coin) altered by the insertion of a plug of base metal
plugged	adj.	completely obstructed or closed off
plugging	v.	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug
plugging	v.	persist in working hard
plugging	v.	deliver a quick blow to
plugging	v.	make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote
plugging	v.	insert a plug into
plugging	v.	insert as a plug
plughole	n.	a hole into which a plug fits (especially a hole where water drains away)
plum	n.	any of several trees producing edible oval fruit having a smooth skin and a single hard stone
plum	n.	any of numerous varieties of small to medium-sized round or oval fruit having a smooth skin and a single pit
plum	n.	a highly desirable position or assignment
plum	adv.	exactly
plum	adv.	completely; used as intensifiers
plumage	n.	the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds
plumb	n.	the metal bob of a plumb line
plumb	v.	measure the depth of something
plumb	v.	weight with lead
plumb	v.	examine thoroughly and in great depth
plumb	v.	adjust with a plumb line so as to make vertical
plumb	adj.	exactly vertical
plumb	adv.	completely; used as intensifiers
plumb	adv.	conforming to the direction of a plumb line
plumb	adv.	exactly
plumbed	v.	measure the depth of something
plumbed	v.	weight with lead
plumbed	v.	examine thoroughly and in great depth
plumbed	v.	adjust with a plumb line so as to make vertical
plumber	n.	a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances
plumbing	n.	utility consisting of the pipes and fixtures for the distribution of water or gas in a building and for the disposal of sewage
plumbing	n.	the occupation of a plumber (installing and repairing pipes and fixtures for water or gas or sewage in a building)
plumbing	n.	measuring the depths of the oceans
plumbing	v.	measure the depth of something
plumbing	v.	weight with lead
plumbing	v.	examine thoroughly and in great depth
plumbing	v.	adjust with a plumb line so as to make vertical
plume	n.	anything that resembles a feather in shape or lightness
plume	n.	a feather or cluster of feathers worn as an ornament
plume	n.	the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds
plume	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
plume	v.	be proud of
plume	v.	deck with a plume
plume	v.	clean with one's bill
plume	v.	form a plume
plume	v.	dress or groom with elaborate care
plummet	n.	the metal bob of a plumb line
plummet	v.	drop sharply
plummy	adj.	very desirable
plummy	adj.	(of a voice) affectedly mellow and rich
plump	n.	the sound of a sudden heavy fall
plump	v.	drop sharply
plump	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plump	v.	make fat or plump
plump	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
plump	adj.	sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure
plump	adv.	straight down especially heavily or abruptly
plumpness	n.	the bodily property of being well rounded
plumy	adj.	resembling a plume
plumy	adj.	having or covered with or abounding in plumes
plumy	adj.	adorned with feathers or plumes
plunder	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
plunder	v.	take illegally; of intellectual property
plunder	v.	plunder (a town) after capture
plunder	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
plunder	v.	destroy and strip of its possession
plunderer	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
plunge	n.	a brief swim in water
plunge	n.	a steep and rapid fall
plunge	v.	thrust or throw into
plunge	v.	drop steeply
plunge	v.	dash violently or with great speed or impetuosity
plunge	v.	begin with vigor
plunge	v.	cause to be immersed
plunge	v.	fall abruptly
plunge	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
plunge	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
plunger	n.	someone who risks losses for the possibility of considerable gains
plunger	n.	someone who dives (into water)
plunger	n.	hand tool consisting of a stick with a rubber suction cup at one end; used to clean clogged drains
plunger	n.	mechanical device that has a plunging or thrusting motion
plunk	n.	a hollow twanging sound
plunk	n.	(baseball) hitting a baseball so that it drops suddenly
plunk	v.	make or move along with a sound as of a horse's hooves striking the ground
plunk	v.	set (something or oneself) down with or as if with a noise
plunk	v.	drop steeply
plunk	v.	pull lightly but sharply with a plucking motion
plunk	adv.	with a short hollow thud
pluperfect	n.	a perfective tense used to express action completed in the past
pluperfect	adj.	more than perfect
plural	n.	the form of a word that is used to denote more than one
plural	adj.	composed of more than one member, set, or kind
plural	adj.	grammatical number category referring to two or more items or units
pluralism	n.	a social organization in which diversity of racial or religious or ethnic or cultural groups is tolerated
pluralism	n.	the doctrine that reality consists of several basic substances or elements
pluralism	n.	the practice of one person holding more than one benefice at a time
pluralist	n.	a cleric who holds more than one benefice at a time
pluralist	n.	a philosopher who believes that no single explanation can account for all the phenomena of nature
pluralist	n.	someone who believes that distinct ethnic or cultural or religious groups can exist together in society
pluralistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of pluralism
plurality	n.	the state of being plural
plurality	n.	a large indefinite number
plurality	n.	(in an election with more than 2 options) the number of votes for the candidate or party receiving the greatest number (but less that half of the votes)
pluralization	n.	the act of pluralizing or attributing plurality to
pluralize	v.	mark with a grammatical morpheme that indicates plural
plus	n.	a useful or valuable quality
plus	n.	the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers
plus	adj.	on the positive side or higher end of a scale
plus	adj.	involving advantage or good
plush	n.	a fabric with a nap that is longer and softer than velvet
plush	adj.	characterized by extravagance and profusion
plushy	adj.	(of textures) resembling plush
plushy	adj.	characterized by extravagance and profusion
plutarch	n.	Greek biographer who wrote Parallel Lives (46?-120 AD)
pluto	n.	a cartoon character created by Walt Disney
pluto	n.	(Greek mythology) the god of the underworld in ancient mythology; brother of Zeus and husband of Persephone
pluto	n.	a small planet and the farthest known planet from the sun; it has the most elliptical orbit of all the planets
plutocracy	n.	a political system governed by the wealthy people
plutocrat	n.	someone who exercises power by virtue of wealth
plutocratic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a plutocrat
plutonium	n.	a solid silvery grey radioactive transuranic element whose atoms can be split when bombarded with neutrons; found in minute quantities in uranium ores but is usually synthesized in nuclear reactors; 13 isotopes are known with the most important being plutonium 239
ply	n.	one of the strands twisted together to make yarn or rope or thread; often used in combination
ply	n.	(usually in combinations) one of several layers of cloth or paper or wood as in plywood
ply	v.	give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance
ply	v.	apply oneself diligently
ply	v.	travel a route regularly
ply	v.	join together as by twisting, weaving, or molding
ply	v.	wield vigorously
ply	v.	use diligently
plymouth	n.	a town in Massachusetts founded by Pilgrims in 1620
plywood	n.	a laminate made of thin layers of wood
pm	n.	an examination and dissection of a dead body to determine cause of death or the changes produced by disease
pm	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the rare earth group having no stable isotope; was discovered in radioactive form as a fission product of uranium
pm	n.	the person who holds the position of head of the government in the United Kingdom
pm	n.	modulation of the phase of the carrier wave
pms	n.	a syndrome that occurs in many women from 2 to 14 days before the onset of menstruation
pms	n.	an examination and dissection of a dead body to determine cause of death or the changes produced by disease
pms	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the rare earth group having no stable isotope; was discovered in radioactive form as a fission product of uranium
pms	n.	the person who holds the position of head of the government in the United Kingdom
pms	n.	modulation of the phase of the carrier wave
pneumatic	adj.	of or relating to or using air (or a similar gas)
pneumatically	adv.	in a pneumatic manner
pneumococcal	adj.	of or derived from or caused by bacteria of the genus pneumococcus
pneumococci	n.	bacterium causing pneumonia in mice and humans
pneumococcus	n.	bacterium causing pneumonia in mice and humans
pneumonia	n.	respiratory disease characterized by inflammation of the lung parenchyma (excluding the bronchi) with congestion caused by viruses or bacteria or irritants
po	n.	a radioactive metallic element that is similar to tellurium and bismuth; occurs in uranium ores but can be produced by bombarding bismuth with neutrons in a nuclear reactor
po	n.	a noncommissioned officer in the Navy or Coast Guard with a rank comparable to sergeant in the Army
po	n.	a European river; flows into the Adriatic Sea
po	n.	an independent agency of the federal government responsible for mail delivery (and sometimes telecommunications) between individuals and businesses in the United States
poach	v.	hunt illegally
poach	v.	cook in a simmering liquid
poacher	n.	someone who hunts or fishes illegally on the property of another
poacher	n.	a cooking vessel designed to poach food (such as fish or eggs)
poacher	n.	small slender fish (to 8 inches) with body covered by bony plates; chiefly of deeper northern Pacific waters
poaching	n.	cooking in simmering liquid
poaching	v.	hunt illegally
poaching	v.	cook in a simmering liquid
pocahontas	n.	a Powhatan woman (the daughter of Powhatan) who befriended the English at Jamestown and is said to have saved Captain John Smith's life (1595-1617)
pocatello	n.	a university town in southeastern Idaho
pock	n.	a pustule in an eruptive disease
pock	v.	mark with a scar
pocket	n.	a small pouch inside a garment for carrying small articles
pocket	n.	an enclosed space
pocket	n.	a supply of money
pocket	n.	(bowling) the space between the headpin and the pins behind it on the right or left
pocket	n.	a hollow concave shape made by removing something
pocket	n.	a local region of low pressure or descending air that causes a plane to lose height suddenly
pocket	n.	a small isolated group of people
pocket	n.	(anatomy) saclike structure in any of various animals (as a marsupial or gopher or pelican)
pocket	n.	an opening at the corner or on the side of a billiard table into which billiard balls are struck
pocket	v.	put in one's pocket
pocket	v.	take unlawfully
pocketbook	n.	your personal financial means
pocketbook	n.	a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money
pocketbook	n.	pocket-sized paperback book
pocketbook	n.	a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women)
pocketful	n.	the quantity a pocket will hold
pocketknife	n.	a knife with a blade that folds into the handle; suitable for carrying in the pocket
pocketknives	n.	a knife with a blade that folds into the handle; suitable for carrying in the pocket
pockmark	n.	a scar or pit on the skin that is left by a pustule of smallpox or acne or other eruptive disease
pockmark	v.	mark with or as if with pockmarks
pod	n.	the vessel that contains the seeds of a plant (not the seeds themselves)
pod	n.	a several-seeded dehiscent fruit as e.g. of a leguminous plant
pod	n.	a group of aquatic mammals
pod	n.	a detachable container of fuel on an airplane
pod	v.	take something out of its shell or pod
pod	v.	produce pods, of plants
podcast	v.	distribute (multimedia files) over the internet for playback on a mobile device or a personal computer
podded	v.	take something out of its shell or pod
podded	v.	produce pods, of plants
podding	v.	take something out of its shell or pod
podding	v.	produce pods, of plants
podiatrist	n.	a specialist in care for the feet
podiatry	n.	the branch of medicine concerned with the feet
podium	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
poe	n.	United States writer and poet (1809-1849)
poem	n.	a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines
poesy	n.	literature in metrical form
poet	n.	a writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry)
poetess	n.	a woman poet
poetic	adj.	of or relating to poetry
poetic	adj.	characterized by romantic imagery
poetic	adj.	of or relating to poets
poetic	adj.	characteristic of or befitting poetry
poetical	adj.	of or relating to poetry
poetical	adj.	characteristic of or befitting poetry
poetry	n.	literature in metrical form
poetry	n.	any communication resembling poetry in beauty or the evocation of feeling
pogrom	n.	organized persecution of an ethnic group (especially Jews)
poi	n.	Hawaiian dish of taro root pounded to a paste and often allowed to ferment
poignancy	n.	a state of deeply felt distress or sorrow
poignancy	n.	a quality that arouses emotions (especially pity or sorrow)
poignant	adj.	arousing affect
poignant	adj.	keenly distressing to the mind or feelings
poinciana	n.	small subgenus of ornamental tropical shrubs or trees; not recognized in some classifications
poinciana	n.	a tropical flowering shrub having bright orange or red flowers; sometimes placed in genus Poinciana
poinsettia	n.	tropical American plant having poisonous milk and showy tapering usually scarlet petallike leaves surrounding small yellow flowers
point	n.	a geometric element that has position but no extension
point	n.	the precise location of something; a spatially limited location
point	n.	a brief version of the essential meaning of something
point	n.	an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole
point	n.	a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process
point	n.	an instant of time
point	n.	the object of an activity
point	n.	a V shape
point	n.	a very small circular shape
point	n.	the unit of counting in scoring a game or contest
point	n.	a promontory extending out into a large body of water
point	n.	a distinct part that can be specified separately in a group of things that could be enumerated on a list
point	n.	a style in speech or writing that arrests attention and has a penetrating or convincing quality or effect
point	n.	an outstanding characteristic
point	n.	sharp end
point	n.	any of 32 horizontal directions indicated on the card of a compass
point	n.	a linear unit used to measure the size of type; approximately 1/72 inch
point	n.	one percent of the total principal of a loan; it is paid at the time the loan is made and is independent of the interest on the loan
point	n.	a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations
point	n.	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer
point	n.	the dot at the left of a decimal fraction
point	n.	the property of a shape that tapers to a sharp tip
point	n.	a distinguishing or individuating characteristic
point	n.	the gun muzzle's direction
point	n.	a wall socket
point	n.	a contact in the distributor; as the rotor turns its projecting arm contacts them and current flows to the spark plugs
point	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
point	v.	be oriented
point	v.	direct into a position for use
point	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
point	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
point	v.	sail close to the wind
point	v.	mark (Hebrew words) with diacritics
point	v.	mark with diacritics
point	v.	mark (a psalm text) to indicate the points at which the music changes
point	v.	be positionable in a specified manner
point	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
point	v.	indicate the presence of (game) by standing and pointing with the muzzle
point	v.	give a point to
point	v.	repair the joints of bricks
pointed	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
pointed	v.	be oriented
pointed	v.	direct into a position for use
pointed	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
pointed	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
pointed	v.	sail close to the wind
pointed	v.	mark (Hebrew words) with diacritics
pointed	v.	mark with diacritics
pointed	v.	mark (a psalm text) to indicate the points at which the music changes
pointed	v.	be positionable in a specified manner
pointed	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
pointed	v.	indicate the presence of (game) by standing and pointing with the muzzle
pointed	v.	give a point to
pointed	v.	repair the joints of bricks
pointed	adj.	having a point
pointed	adj.	direct and obvious in meaning or reference; often unpleasant
pointer	n.	a mark to indicate a direction or relation
pointer	n.	an indicator as on a dial
pointer	n.	(computer science) indicator consisting of a movable spot of light (an icon) on a visual display; moving it allows the user to point to commands or screen positions
pointer	n.	a strong slender smooth-haired dog of Spanish origin having a white coat with brown or black patches; scents out and points to game
pointillism	n.	a school of painters who used a technique of painting with tiny dots of pure colors that would blend in the viewer's eye; developed by Georges Seurat and his followers late in 19th century France
pointillism	n.	a genre of painting characterized by the application of paint in dots and small strokes; developed by Georges Seurat and his followers in late 19th century France
pointillist	n.	a painter who uses the technique of pointillism
pointillist	adj.	of or relating to pointillism
pointless	adj.	not having a point especially a sharp point
pointless	adj.	serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being
pointlessness	n.	total lack of meaning or ideas
poise	n.	a cgs unit of dynamic viscosity equal to one dyne-second per square centimeter; the viscosity of a fluid in which a force of one dyne per square centimeter maintains a velocity of 1 centimeter per second
poise	n.	a state of being balanced in a stable equilibrium
poise	n.	great coolness and composure under strain
poise	v.	be motionless, in suspension
poise	v.	prepare (oneself) for something unpleasant or difficult
poise	v.	cause to be balanced or suspended
poise	v.	hold or carry in equilibrium
poison	n.	any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism
poison	n.	anything that harms or destroys
poison	v.	spoil as if by poison
poison	v.	kill with poison
poison	v.	add poison to
poison	v.	kill by its poison
poison	v.	administer poison to
poisoner	n.	someone who kills with poison
poisoning	n.	the physiological state produced by a poison or other toxic substance
poisoning	n.	the act of giving poison to a person or animal with the intent to kill
poisoning	v.	spoil as if by poison
poisoning	v.	kill with poison
poisoning	v.	add poison to
poisoning	v.	kill by its poison
poisoning	v.	administer poison to
poisonous	adj.	having the qualities or effects of a poison
poisonous	adj.	not safe to eat
poisonous	adj.	marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful
poitier	n.	United States film actor and director (born in 1927)
poke	n.	tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by blackish-red berries on long drooping racemes; young fleshy stems are edible; berries and root are poisonous
poke	n.	someone who takes more time than necessary; someone who lags behind
poke	n.	a bag made of paper or plastic for holding customer's purchases
poke	n.	a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow)
poke	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
poke	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
poke	v.	search or inquire in a meddlesome way
poke	v.	stir by poking
poke	v.	hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument
poke	v.	make a hole by poking
poker	n.	fire iron consisting of a metal rod with a handle; used to stir a fire
poker	n.	any of various card games in which players bet that they hold the highest-ranking hand
pokey	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
pokey	adj.	wasting time
pokey	adj.	small and remote and insignificant
poky	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
poky	adj.	wasting time
poky	adj.	small and remote and insignificant
pol	n.	a person active in party politics
poland	n.	a republic in central Europe; the invasion of Poland by Germany in 1939 started World War II
polar	adj.	having a pair of equal and opposite charges
polar	adj.	characterized by opposite extremes; completely opposed
polar	adj.	located at or near or coming from the earth's poles
polar	adj.	of or existing at or near a geographical pole or within the Arctic or Antarctic Circles
polar	adj.	extremely cold
polar	adj.	being of crucial importance; ; - Henry Kissinger
polaris	n.	the brightest star in Ursa Minor; at the end of the handle of the Little Dipper; the northern axis of the earth points toward it
polarity	n.	a relation between two opposite attributes or tendencies
polarity	n.	having an indicated pole (as the distinction between positive and negative electric charges)
polarization	n.	the phenomenon in which waves of light or other radiation are restricted in direction of vibration
polarization	n.	the condition of having or giving polarity
polarize	v.	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern
polarize	v.	cause to concentrate about two conflicting or contrasting positions
polarize	v.	become polarized in a conflict or contrasting situation
polaroid	n.	(trade mark) a plastic film that can polarize a beam of light; often used in sunglasses to eliminate glare
pole	n.	a long (usually round) rod of wood or metal or plastic
pole	n.	a native or inhabitant of Poland
pole	n.	one of two divergent or mutually exclusive opinions
pole	n.	a linear measure of 16.5 feet
pole	n.	a square rod of land
pole	n.	one of two points of intersection of the Earth's axis and the celestial sphere
pole	n.	one of two antipodal points where the Earth's axis of rotation intersects the Earth's surface
pole	n.	a contact on an electrical device (such as a battery) at which electric current enters or leaves
pole	n.	a long fiberglass sports implement used for pole vaulting
pole	n.	one of the two ends of a magnet where the magnetism seems to be concentrated
pole	v.	propel with a pole
pole	v.	support on poles
pole	v.	deoxidize molten metals by stirring them with a wooden pole
poleaxe	n.	an ax used to slaughter cattle; has a hammer opposite the blade
poleaxe	n.	a battle ax used in the Middle Ages; a long handled ax and a pick
poleaxe	v.	fell with or as if with a poleax
polecat	n.	American musteline mammal typically ejecting an intensely malodorous fluid when startled; in some classifications put in a separate subfamily Mephitinae
polecat	n.	dark brown mustelid of woodlands of Eurasia that gives off an unpleasant odor when threatened
polemic	n.	a writer who argues in opposition to others (especially in theology)
polemic	n.	a controversy (especially over a belief or dogma)
polemic	adj.	of or involving dispute or controversy
polemical	adj.	of or involving dispute or controversy
polemicist	n.	a writer who argues in opposition to others (especially in theology)
polemics	n.	the branch of Christian theology devoted to the refutation of errors
polemics	n.	a writer who argues in opposition to others (especially in theology)
polemics	n.	a controversy (especially over a belief or dogma)
polestar	n.	the brightest star in Ursa Minor; at the end of the handle of the Little Dipper; the northern axis of the earth points toward it
police	n.	the force of policemen and officers
police	v.	maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol
policeman	n.	a member of a police force
policemen	n.	a member of a police force
policewoman	n.	a woman policeman
policewomen	n.	a woman policeman
policy	n.	a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group
policy	n.	a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a government
policy	n.	written contract or certificate of insurance
policyholder	n.	a person who holds an insurance policy; usually, the client in whose name an insurance policy is written
polio	n.	an acute viral disease marked by inflammation of nerve cells of the brain stem and spinal cord
poliomyelitis	n.	an acute viral disease marked by inflammation of nerve cells of the brain stem and spinal cord
polish	n.	the property of being smooth and shiny
polish	n.	a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; ; ; --Joseph Conrad
polish	n.	a preparation used in polishing
polish	n.	the Slavic language of Poland
polish	v.	make (a surface) shine
polish	v.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
polish	v.	bring to a highly developed, finished, or refined state
polish	adj.	of or relating to Poland or its people or culture
polished	v.	make (a surface) shine
polished	v.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
polished	v.	bring to a highly developed, finished, or refined state
polished	adj.	perfected or made shiny and smooth
polished	adj.	showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience
polished	adj.	(of grains especially rice) having the husk or outer layers removed
polished	adj.	(of lumber or stone) to trim and smooth
polisher	n.	a power tool used to buff surfaces
politburo	n.	the chief executive and political committee of the Communist Party
polite	adj.	showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc.
polite	adj.	marked by refinement in taste and manners
polite	adj.	not rude; marked by satisfactory (or especially minimal) adherence to social usages and sufficient but not noteworthy consideration for others; - W.S. Maugham
politeness	n.	a courteous manner that respects accepted social usage
politeness	n.	the act of showing regard for others
politesse	n.	courtesy towards women
politic	adj.	marked by artful prudence, expedience, and shrewdness
politic	adj.	smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication
political	adj.	involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians; - Daniel Goleman
political	adj.	of or relating to your views about social relationships involving authority or power
political	adj.	of or relating to the profession of governing
politician	n.	a leader engaged in civil administration
politician	n.	a person active in party politics
politician	n.	a schemer who tries to gain advantage in an organization in sly or underhanded ways
politicize	v.	give a political character to
politicking	v.	engage in political activities
politico	n.	a person active in party politics
politics	n.	social relations involving intrigue to gain authority or power
politics	n.	the study of government of states and other political units
politics	n.	the profession devoted to governing and to political affairs
politics	n.	the opinion you hold with respect to political questions
politics	n.	the activities and affairs involved in managing a state or a government
polity	n.	the form of government of a social organization
polity	n.	a politically organized unit
polity	n.	shrewd or crafty management of public affairs
polk	n.	11th President of the United States; his expansionism led to the Mexican War and the annexation of California and much of the southwest (1795-1849)
polka	n.	music performed for dancing the polka
polka	n.	a Bohemian dance with 3 steps and a hop in fast time
polka	v.	dance a polka
poll	n.	an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a random sample of people
poll	n.	the top of the head
poll	n.	the part of the head between the ears
poll	n.	a tame parrot
poll	n.	the counting of votes (as in an election)
poll	v.	get the opinions (of people) by asking specific questions
poll	v.	vote in an election at a polling station
poll	v.	get the votes of
poll	v.	convert into a pollard
pollack	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1934)
pollack	n.	lean white flesh of North Atlantic fish; similar to codfish
pollack	n.	important food and game fish of northern seas (especially the northern Atlantic); related to cod
pollard	n.	a tree with limbs cut back to promote a more bushy growth of foliage
pollard	n.	a usually horned animal that has either shed its horns or had them removed
pollard	v.	convert into a pollard
pollen	n.	the fine spores that contain male gametes and that are borne by an anther in a flowering plant
pollinate	v.	fertilize by transfering pollen
pollination	n.	transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma of a plant
pollinator	n.	an insect that carries pollen from one flower to another
polling	v.	get the opinions (of people) by asking specific questions
polling	v.	vote in an election at a polling station
polling	v.	get the votes of
polling	v.	convert into a pollard
polliwog	n.	a larval frog or toad
pollock	n.	United States artist famous for painting with a drip technique; a leader of abstract expressionism in America (1912-1956)
pollock	n.	lean white flesh of North Atlantic fish; similar to codfish
pollock	n.	important food and game fish of northern seas (especially the northern Atlantic); related to cod
pollster	n.	someone who conducts surveys of public opinion
pollutant	n.	waste matter that contaminates the water or air or soil
pollute	v.	make impure
polluted	v.	make impure
polluted	adj.	rendered unwholesome by contaminants and pollution
polluter	n.	a person or organization that causes pollution of the environment
pollution	n.	undesirable state of the natural environment being contaminated with harmful substances as a consequence of human activities
pollution	n.	the state of being polluted
pollution	n.	the act of contaminating or polluting; including (either intentionally or accidentally) unwanted substances or factors
pollux	n.	the brightest star in Gemini; close to Castor
polo	n.	Venetian traveler who explored Asia in the 13th century and served Kublai Khan (1254-1324)
polo	n.	a game similar to field hockey but played on horseback using long-handled mallets and a wooden ball
polonaise	n.	a woman's dress with a tight bodice and an overskirt drawn back to reveal a colorful underskirt
polonium	n.	a radioactive metallic element that is similar to tellurium and bismuth; occurs in uranium ores but can be produced by bombarding bismuth with neutrons in a nuclear reactor
poltergeist	n.	a ghost that announces its presence with rapping and the creation of disorder
poltroon	n.	an abject coward
poltroon	adj.	characterized by complete cowardliness
polyandrous	adj.	having more than one husband at a time
polyandry	n.	having more than one husband at a time
polyester	n.	any of numerous synthetic resins; they are light and strong and weather resistant
polyester	n.	a complex ester used for making fibers or resins or plastics or as a plasticizer
polyester	n.	any of a large class of synthetic fabrics
polyethylene	n.	a lightweight thermoplastic; used especially in packaging and insulation
polygamist	n.	someone who is married to two or more people at the same time
polygamous	adj.	having more than one mate at a time; used of relationships and individuals
polygamous	adj.	having several forms of gametoecia on the same plant
polygamy	n.	having more than one spouse at a time
polyglot	n.	a person who speaks more than one language
polyglot	adj.	having a command of or composed in many languages
polygon	n.	a closed plane figure bounded by straight sides
polygonal	adj.	having many sides or relating to a surface marked by polygons
polygraph	n.	a medical instrument that records several physiological processes simultaneously (e.g., pulse rate and blood pressure and respiration and perspiration)
polygraphs	n.	a medical instrument that records several physiological processes simultaneously (e.g., pulse rate and blood pressure and respiration and perspiration)
polyhedral	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a polyhedron
polyhedron	n.	a solid figure bounded by plane polygons or faces
polyhymnia	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of singing and mime and sacred dance
polymath	n.	a person of great and varied learning
polymaths	n.	a person of great and varied learning
polymer	n.	a naturally occurring or synthetic compound consisting of large molecules made up of a linked series of repeated simple monomers
polymeric	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of a polymer
polymerization	n.	a chemical process that combines several monomers to form a polymer or polymeric compound
polymerize	v.	cause (a compound) to polymerize
polymerize	v.	undergo polymerization
polymorphic	adj.	relating to the crystallization of a compound in two or more different forms
polymorphic	adj.	relating to the occurrence of more than one kind of individual (independent of sexual differences) in an interbreeding population
polymorphic	adj.	having or occurring in several distinct forms
polymorphous	adj.	relating to the crystallization of a compound in two or more different forms
polymorphous	adj.	relating to the occurrence of more than one kind of individual (independent of sexual differences) in an interbreeding population
polymorphous	adj.	having or occurring in several distinct forms
polynesia	n.	the islands in the eastern part of Oceania
polynesian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Polynesia
polynesian	n.	the branch of the Austronesian languages spoken from Madagascar to the central Pacific
polynesian	adj.	of or relating to Polynesia or its people or culture
polynomial	n.	a mathematical function that is the sum of a number of terms
polynomial	adj.	having the character of a polynomial
polyp	n.	a small vascular growth on the surface of a mucous membrane
polyp	n.	one of two forms that coelenterates take (e.g. a hydra or coral): usually sedentary with a hollow cylindrical body usually with a ring of tentacles around the mouth
polyphonic	adj.	having two or more phonetic values
polyphonic	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by polyphony
polyphonic	adj.	having two or more independent but harmonically related melodic parts sounding together
polyphony	n.	music arranged in parts for several voices or instruments
polypropylene	n.	a polymer of propylene used as a thermoplastic molding material
polysemous	adj.	of words; having many meanings
polystyrene	n.	a polymer of styrene; a rigid transparent thermoplastic
polysyllabic	adj.	having or characterized by words of more than three syllables
polysyllabic	adj.	(of words) long and ponderous; having many syllables
polysyllable	n.	a word of more than three syllables
polytechnic	n.	a technical school offering instruction in many industrial arts and applied sciences
polytheism	n.	belief in multiple Gods
polytheist	n.	one who believes in a plurality of gods
polytheistic	adj.	worshipping or believing in more than one god
polythene	n.	a lightweight thermoplastic; used especially in packaging and insulation
polyurethane	n.	any of various polymers containing the urethane radical; a wide variety of synthetic forms are made and used as adhesives or plastics or paints or rubber
pom	n.	a disparaging term for a British person
pomade	n.	hairdressing consisting of a perfumed oil or ointment
pomade	v.	apply pomade to (hair)
pomegranate	n.	shrub or small tree native to southwestern Asia having large red many-seeded fruit
pomegranate	n.	large globular fruit having many seeds with juicy red pulp in a tough brownish-red rind
pomeranian	n.	breed of very small compact long-haired dogs of the spitz type
pommel	n.	a handgrip that a gymnast uses when performing exercises on a pommel horse
pommel	n.	handgrip formed by the raised front part of a saddle
pommel	n.	an ornament in the shape of a ball on the hilt of a sword or dagger
pommel	v.	strike, usually with the fist
pommy	n.	a disparaging term for a British person
pomp	n.	cheap or pretentious or vain display
pomp	n.	ceremonial elegance and splendor
pompadour	n.	French noblewoman who was the lover of Louis XV, whose policies she influenced (1721-1764)
pompadour	n.	a hair style in which the front hair is swept up from the forehead
pompadour	v.	style women's hair in a pompadour
pompano	n.	flesh of pompano; warm-water fatty fish
pompano	n.	any of several deep-bodied food fishes of western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico
pompeii	n.	ancient city to the southeast of Naples that was buried by a volcanic eruption from Vesuvius
pompey	n.	Roman general and statesman who quarrelled with Caesar and fled to Egypt where he was murdered (106-48 BC)
pompey	n.	a port city in southern England on the English Channel; Britain's major naval base
pomposity	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
pompous	adj.	puffed up with vanity; ; ; ; - Newsweek
pompous	adj.	characterized by pomp and ceremony and stately display
pompousness	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
ponce	n.	a man who is effeminate in his manner and fussy in the way he dresses
ponce	n.	someone who procures customers for whores (in England they call a pimp a ponce)
poncho	n.	a blanket-like cloak with a hole in the center for the head
pond	n.	a small lake
ponder	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
ponderer	n.	a reflective thinker characterized by quiet contemplation
ponderous	adj.	slow and laborious because of weight
ponderous	adj.	having great mass and weight and unwieldiness
ponderous	adj.	labored and dull
ponderousness	n.	an oppressive quality that is laborious and solemn and lacks grace or fluency
ponderousness	n.	the property of being large in mass
pone	n.	cornbread often made without milk or eggs and baked or fried (southern)
pong	n.	an unpleasant smell
pongee	n.	a soft thin cloth woven from raw silk (or an imitation)
poniard	n.	a dagger with a slender blade
poniard	v.	stab with a poniard
pontiac	n.	famous chief of the Ottawa who led an unsuccessful rebellion against the British (1715-1769)
pontiff	n.	the head of the Roman Catholic Church
pontifical	n.	the vestments and other insignia of a pontiff (especially a bishop)
pontifical	adj.	proceeding from or ordered by or subject to a pope or the papacy regarded as the successor of the Apostles
pontifical	adj.	denoting or governed by or relating to a bishop or bishops
pontifical	adj.	puffed up with vanity; ; ; ; - Newsweek
pontificate	n.	the government of the Roman Catholic Church
pontificate	v.	administer a pontifical office
pontificate	v.	talk in a dogmatic and pompous manner
pontoon	n.	(nautical) a floating structure (as a flat-bottomed boat) that serves as a dock or to support a bridge
pontoon	n.	a float supporting a seaplane
pony	n.	a range horse of the western United States
pony	n.	an informal term for a racehorse
pony	n.	a literal translation used in studying a foreign language (often used illicitly)
pony	n.	a small glass adequate to hold a single swallow of whiskey
pony	n.	any of various breeds of small gentle horses usually less than five feet high at the shoulder
ponytail	n.	a hair style that draws the hair back so that it hangs down in back of the head like a pony's tail
pooch	n.	informal terms for dogs
pooch	v.	round one's lips as if intending to kiss
poodle	n.	an intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clipped; an old breed sometimes trained as sporting dogs or as performing dogs
poof	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
pool	n.	an excavation that is (usually) filled with water
pool	n.	a small lake
pool	n.	an organization of people or resources that can be shared
pool	n.	an association of companies for some definite purpose
pool	n.	any communal combination of funds
pool	n.	a small body of standing water (rainwater) or other liquid
pool	n.	the combined stakes of the betters
pool	n.	something resembling a pool of liquid
pool	n.	any of various games played on a pool table having 6 pockets
pool	v.	combine into a common fund
pool	v.	join or form a pool of people
poolroom	n.	a room with pool tables where pool is played
poop	n.	obscene terms for feces
poop	n.	a stupid foolish person
poop	n.	slang terms for inside information
poop	n.	the rear part of a ship
poor	n.	people without possessions or wealth (considered as a group)
poor	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
poor	adj.	having little money or few possessions
poor	adj.	characterized by or indicating poverty
poor	adj.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances
poor	adj.	not sufficient to meet a need
poor	adj.	unsatisfactory
poorhouse	n.	an establishment maintained at public expense in order to provide housing for the poor and homeless
poorness	n.	the state of having little or no money and few or no material possessions
poorness	n.	less than adequate
poorness	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
poorness	n.	the quality of being poorly made or maintained
pop	n.	an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk
pop	n.	a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring
pop	n.	a sharp explosive sound as from a gunshot or drawing a cork
pop	n.	music of general appeal to teenagers; a bland watered-down version of rock'n'roll with more rhythm and harmony and an emphasis on romantic love
pop	v.	bulge outward
pop	v.	hit a pop-fly
pop	v.	make a sharp explosive noise
pop	v.	fire a weapon with a loud explosive noise
pop	v.	cause to make a sharp explosive sound
pop	v.	appear suddenly or unexpectedly
pop	v.	put or thrust suddenly and forcefully
pop	v.	release suddenly
pop	v.	hit or strike
pop	v.	drink down entirely
pop	v.	take drugs, especially orally
pop	v.	cause to burst with a loud, explosive sound
pop	v.	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound
pop	adj.	(of music or art) new and of general appeal (especially among young people)
pop	adv.	like a pop or with a pop
popcorn	n.	corn having small ears and kernels that burst when exposed to dry heat
popcorn	n.	small kernels of corn exploded by heat
pope	n.	the head of the Roman Catholic Church
pope	n.	English poet and satirist (1688-1744)
popgun	n.	plaything consisting of a toy gun that makes a popping sound
popinjay	n.	a vain and talkative person (chatters like a parrot)
popinjay	n.	an archaic term for a parrot
poplar	n.	soft light-colored non-durable wood of the poplar
poplar	n.	any of numerous trees of north temperate regions having light soft wood and flowers borne in catkins
poplin	n.	a ribbed fabric used in clothing and upholstery
popover	n.	light hollow muffin made of a puff batter (individual Yorkshire pudding) baked in a deep muffin cup
popped	v.	bulge outward
popped	v.	hit a pop-fly
popped	v.	make a sharp explosive noise
popped	v.	fire a weapon with a loud explosive noise
popped	v.	cause to make a sharp explosive sound
popped	v.	appear suddenly or unexpectedly
popped	v.	put or thrust suddenly and forcefully
popped	v.	release suddenly
popped	v.	hit or strike
popped	v.	drink down entirely
popped	v.	take drugs, especially orally
popped	v.	cause to burst with a loud, explosive sound
popped	v.	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound
popper	n.	British philosopher (born in Austria) who argued that scientific theories can never be proved to be true, but are tested by attempts to falsify them (1902-1994)
popper	n.	a container of stimulant drug (amyl nitrate or butyl nitrite)
popper	n.	a container for cooking popcorn
poppet	n.	a mushroom-shaped valve that rises perpendicularly from its seat; commonly used in internal-combustion engines
popping	n.	a sharp explosive sound as from a gunshot or drawing a cork
popping	v.	bulge outward
popping	v.	hit a pop-fly
popping	v.	make a sharp explosive noise
popping	v.	fire a weapon with a loud explosive noise
popping	v.	cause to make a sharp explosive sound
popping	v.	appear suddenly or unexpectedly
popping	v.	put or thrust suddenly and forcefully
popping	v.	release suddenly
popping	v.	hit or strike
popping	v.	drink down entirely
popping	v.	take drugs, especially orally
popping	v.	cause to burst with a loud, explosive sound
popping	v.	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound
poppy	n.	annual or biennial or perennial herbs having showy flowers
poppycock	n.	senseless talk
popsicle	n.	ice cream or water ice on a small wooden stick
populace	n.	people in general considered as a whole
popular	adj.	regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public
popular	adj.	carried on by or for the people (or citizens) at large
popular	adj.	representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of the people at large
popular	adj.	(of music or art) new and of general appeal (especially among young people)
popularity	n.	the quality of being widely admired or accepted or sought after
popularization	n.	an interpretation that easily understandable and acceptable
popularization	n.	the act of making something attractive to the general public
popularize	v.	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use
popularize	v.	make understandable to the general public
populate	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
populate	v.	fill with inhabitants
populated	v.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
populated	v.	fill with inhabitants
populated	adj.	furnished with inhabitants
population	n.	the people who inhabit a territory or state
population	n.	a group of organisms of the same species inhabiting a given area
population	n.	(statistics) the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn
population	n.	the number of inhabitants (either the total number or the number of a particular race or class) in a given place (country or city etc.)
population	n.	the act of populating (causing to live in a place)
populations	n.	the people who inhabit a territory or state
populations	n.	a group of organisms of the same species inhabiting a given area
populations	n.	(statistics) the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn
populations	n.	the number of inhabitants (either the total number or the number of a particular race or class) in a given place (country or city etc.)
populations	n.	the act of populating (causing to live in a place)
populism	n.	the political doctrine that supports the rights and powers of the common people in their struggle with the privileged elite
populist	n.	an advocate of democratic principles
populous	adj.	densely populated
porcelain	n.	ceramic ware made of a more or less translucent ceramic
porch	n.	a structure attached to the exterior of a building often forming a covered entrance
porcine	adj.	relating to or suggesting swine
porcine	adj.	repellently fat
porcine	adj.	resembling swine; coarsely gluttonous or greedy
porcupine	n.	relatively large rodents with sharp erectile bristles mingled with the fur
pore	n.	any tiny hole admitting passage of a liquid (fluid or gas)
pore	n.	any small opening in the skin or outer surface of an animal
pore	n.	a minute epidermal pore in a leaf or stem through which gases and water vapor can pass
pore	v.	direct one's attention on something
porgy	n.	lean flesh of fish found in warm waters of southern Atlantic coast of the United States
porgy	n.	important deep-bodied food and sport fish of warm and tropical coastal waters; found worldwide
pork	n.	meat from a domestic hog or pig
pork	n.	a legislative appropriation designed to ingratiate legislators with their constituents
porker	n.	a pig fattened to provide meat
porn	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
porno	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
pornographer	n.	someone who presents shows or sells writing or pictures that are sexually explicit in violation of the community mores
pornographic	adj.	designed to arouse lust
pornographically	adv.	in a pornographic manner
pornography	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
porosity	n.	the property of being porous; being able to absorb fluids
porous	adj.	able to absorb fluids
porous	adj.	full of pores or vessels or holes
porous	adj.	allowing passage in and out
porousness	n.	the property of being porous; being able to absorb fluids
porphyritic	adj.	(of rocks) consisting of porphyry or containing large crystals in a fine groundmass of minerals
porphyry	n.	any igneous rock with crystals embedded in a finer groundmass of minerals
porpoise	n.	any of several small gregarious cetacean mammals having a blunt snout and many teeth
porridge	n.	soft food made by boiling oatmeal or other meal or legumes in water or milk until thick
porringer	n.	a shallow metal bowl (usually with a handle)
port	n.	a place (seaport or airport) where people and merchandise can enter or leave a country
port	n.	sweet dark-red dessert wine originally from Portugal
port	n.	an opening (in a wall or ship or armored vehicle) for firing through
port	n.	the left side of a ship or aircraft to someone who is aboard and facing the bow or nose
port	n.	(computer science) computer circuit consisting of the hardware and associated circuitry that links one device with another (especially a computer and a hard disk drive or other peripherals)
port	v.	put or turn on the left side, of a ship
port	v.	bring to port
port	v.	land at or reach a port
port	v.	turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship
port	v.	carry, bear, convey, or bring
port	v.	carry or hold with both hands diagonally across the body, especially of weapons
port	v.	drink port
port	v.	modify (software) for use on a different machine or platform
port	adj.	located on the left side of a ship or aircraft
portability	n.	the quality of being light enough to be carried
portable	n.	a small light typewriter; usually with a case in which it can be carried
portable	adj.	easily or conveniently transported
portable	adj.	of a motor designed to be attached to the outside of a boat's hull
portage	n.	the cost of carrying or transporting
portage	n.	overland track between navigable waterways
portage	n.	carrying boats and supplies overland
portal	n.	a grand and imposing entrance (often extended metaphorically)
portal	n.	a site that the owner positions as an entrance to other sites on the internet
portal	n.	a short vein that carries blood into the liver
portcullis	n.	gate consisting of an iron or wooden grating that hangs in the entry to a castle or fortified town; can be lowered to prevent passage
portend	v.	indicate by signs
portent	n.	a sign of something about to happen
portentous	adj.	of momentous or ominous significance; - Herman Melville
portentous	adj.	ominously prophetic
portentous	adj.	puffed up with vanity; ; ; ; - Newsweek
porter	n.	a person employed to carry luggage and supplies
porter	n.	someone who guards an entrance
porter	n.	United States writer of novels and short stories (1890-1980)
porter	n.	United States composer and lyricist of musical comedies (1891-1946)
porter	n.	United States writer of short stories whose pen name was O. Henry (1862-1910)
porter	n.	a railroad employee who assists passengers (especially on sleeping cars)
porter	n.	a very dark sweet ale brewed from roasted unmalted barley
porter	v.	carry luggage or supplies
porterhouse	n.	large steak from the thick end of the short loin containing a T-shaped bone and large piece of tenderloin
portfolio	n.	a large, flat, thin case for carrying loose papers or drawings or maps; usually leather
portfolio	n.	a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers
portfolio	n.	a list of the financial assets held by an individual or a bank or other financial institution
portfolio	n.	the role of the head of a government department
porthole	n.	a window in a ship or airplane
porthole	n.	an opening (in a wall or ship or armored vehicle) for firing through
portico	n.	a porch or entrance to a building consisting of a covered and often columned area
porticoes	n.	a porch or entrance to a building consisting of a covered and often columned area
portiere	n.	a heavy curtain hung across a doorway
portion	n.	something determined in relation to something that includes it
portion	n.	something less than the whole of a human artifact
portion	n.	the allotment of some amount by dividing something
portion	n.	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group
portion	n.	your overall circumstances or condition in life (including everything that happens to you)
portion	n.	money or property brought by a woman to her husband at marriage
portion	n.	an individual quantity of food or drink taken as part of a meal
portion	v.	give out
portland	n.	freshwater port and largest city in Oregon; located in northwestern Oregon on the Willamette River which divides the city into east and west sections; renowned for its beautiful natural setting among the mountains
portland	n.	largest city in Maine in the southwestern corner of the state
portly	adj.	euphemisms for `fat'
portmanteau	n.	a new word formed by joining two others and combining their meanings
portmanteau	n.	a large travelling bag made of stiff leather
porto	n.	port city in northwest Portugal; noted for port wine
portrait	n.	a word picture of a person's appearance and character
portrait	n.	any likeness of a person, in any medium
portraitist	n.	a painter or drawer of portraits
portraiture	n.	a word picture of a person's appearance and character
portraiture	n.	the activity of making portraits
portray	v.	portray in words
portray	v.	make a portrait of
portray	v.	assume or act the character of
portray	v.	represent abstractly, for example in a painting, drawing, or sculpture
portrayal	n.	a word picture of a person's appearance and character
portrayal	n.	acting the part of a character on stage; dramatically representing the character by speech and action and gesture
portrayal	n.	a representation by picture or portraiture
portrayal	n.	any likeness of a person, in any medium
portrayal	n.	representation by drawing or painting etc
portsmouth	n.	a port city in southeastern Virginia on the Elizabeth River opposite Norfolk; naval base; shipyards
portsmouth	n.	a port town in southeastern New Hampshire on the Atlantic Ocean
portsmouth	n.	a port city in southern England on the English Channel; Britain's major naval base
portugal	n.	a republic in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula; Portuguese explorers and colonists in the 15th and 16th centuries created a vast overseas empire (including Brazil)
portuguese	n.	the Romance language spoken in Portugal and Brazil
portuguese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Portugal
portuguese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Portugal or the people of Portugal or their language
portulaca	n.	a plant of the genus Portulaca having pink or red or purple or white ephemeral flowers
pose	n.	affected manners intended to impress others
pose	n.	a posture assumed by models for photographic or artistic purposes
pose	n.	a deliberate pretense or exaggerated display
pose	v.	introduce
pose	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
pose	v.	pretend to be someone you are not; sometimes with fraudulent intentions
pose	v.	behave affectedly or unnaturally in order to impress others
pose	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
pose	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
poseidon	n.	(Greek mythology) the god of the sea and earthquakes in ancient mythology; brother of Zeus and Hades and Hera; identified with Roman Neptune
poser	n.	a person who habitually pretends to be something he is not
poser	n.	a person who poses for a photographer or painter or sculptor
poser	n.	a particularly difficult or baffling question or problem
poseur	n.	a person who habitually pretends to be something he is not
posh	adj.	elegant and fashionable; ; ; ; - Julia Child
posit	n.	(logic) a proposition that is accepted as true in order to provide a basis for logical reasoning
posit	v.	put (something somewhere) firmly
posit	v.	put before
posit	v.	take as a given; assume as a postulate or axiom
position	n.	the particular portion of space occupied by something
position	n.	a point occupied by troops for tactical reasons
position	n.	a way of regarding situations or topics etc.
position	n.	the arrangement of the body and its limbs
position	n.	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society
position	n.	a job in an organization
position	n.	the spatial property of a place where or way in which something is situated
position	n.	the appropriate or customary location
position	n.	(in team sports) the role assigned to an individual player
position	n.	the act of putting something in a certain place
position	n.	a condition or position in which you find yourself
position	n.	a rationalized mental attitude
position	n.	an opinion that is held in opposition to another in an argument or dispute
position	n.	an item on a list or in a sequence
position	n.	the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another
position	n.	the act of positing; an assumption taken as a postulate or axiom
position	v.	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation
position	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
positional	adj.	of or relating to or determined by position
positioned	v.	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation
positioned	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
positioning	n.	the act of putting something in a certain place
positioning	v.	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation
positioning	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
positioning	adj.	causing to fall into line or into position
positive	n.	the primary form of an adjective or adverb; denotes a quality without qualification, comparison, or relation to increase or diminution
positive	n.	a film showing a photographic image whose tones correspond to those of the original subject
positive	adj.	characterized by or displaying affirmation or acceptance or certainty etc.
positive	adj.	persuaded of; very sure
positive	adj.	involving advantage or good
positive	adj.	indicating existence or presence of a suspected condition or pathogen
positive	adj.	formally laid down or imposed
positive	adj.	impossible to deny or disprove
positive	adj.	of or relating to positivism
positive	adj.	reckoned, situated or tending in the direction which naturally or arbitrarily is taken to indicate increase or progress or onward motion
positive	adj.	greater than zero
positive	adj.	having a positive charge
positive	adj.	marked by excessive confidence
positiveness	n.	the character of the positive electric pole
positiveness	n.	a quality or state characterized by certainty or acceptance or affirmation and dogmatic assertiveness
positiveness	n.	the quality of being encouraging or promising of a successful outcome
positiveness	n.	an amount greater than zero
positiveness	n.	the quality of being undeniable and not worth arguing about
positivism	n.	the form of empiricism that bases all knowledge on perceptual experience (not on intuition or revelation)
positivism	n.	a quality or state characterized by certainty or acceptance or affirmation and dogmatic assertiveness
positivist	n.	someone who emphasizes observable facts and excludes metaphysical speculation about origins or ultimate causes
positivist	adj.	of or relating to positivism
positron	n.	an elementary particle with positive charge; interaction of a positron and an electron results in annihilation
posse	n.	a temporary police force
possess	v.	have as an attribute, knowledge, or skill
possess	v.	have ownership or possession of
possess	v.	enter into and control, as of emotions or ideas
possession	n.	the act of having and controlling property
possession	n.	anything owned or possessed
possession	n.	being controlled by passion or the supernatural
possession	n.	a mania restricted to one thing or idea
possession	n.	a territory that is controlled by a ruling state
possession	n.	the trait of resolutely controlling your own behavior
possession	n.	(sport) the act of controlling the ball (or puck)
possessive	n.	the case expressing ownership
possessive	adj.	serving to express or indicate possession
possessive	adj.	desirous of owning
possessive	adj.	having or showing a desire to control or dominate
possessiveness	n.	excessive desire to possess or dominate
possessor	n.	a person who owns something
possibility	n.	a future prospect or potential
possibility	n.	capability of existing or happening or being true
possibility	n.	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
possibility	n.	a possible alternative
possible	n.	something that can be done
possible	n.	an applicant who might be suitable
possible	adj.	capable of happening or existing
possible	adj.	existing in possibility
possibly	adv.	by chance
possibly	adv.	to a degree possible of achievement or by possible means
possum	n.	nocturnal arboreal marsupial having a naked prehensile tail found from southern North America to northern South America
possum	n.	small furry Australian arboreal marsupials having long usually prehensile tails
post	n.	the position where someone (as a guard or sentry) stands or is assigned to stand
post	n.	military installation at which a body of troops is stationed
post	n.	a job in an organization
post	n.	an upright consisting of a piece of timber or metal fixed firmly in an upright position
post	n.	United States aviator who in 1933 made the first solo flight around the world (1899-1935)
post	n.	United States female author who wrote a book and a syndicated newspaper column on etiquette (1872-1960)
post	n.	United States manufacturer of breakfast cereals and Postum (1854-1914)
post	n.	any particular collection of letters or packages that is delivered
post	n.	a pole or stake set up to mark something (as the start or end of a race track)
post	n.	the system whereby messages are transmitted via the post office
post	n.	the delivery and collection of letters and packages
post	v.	affix in a public place or for public notice
post	v.	publicize with, or as if with, a poster
post	v.	assign to a post; put into a post
post	v.	assign to a station
post	v.	display, as of records in sports games
post	v.	enter on a public list
post	v.	transfer (entries) from one account book to another
post	v.	ride Western style and bob up and down in the saddle in rhythm with a horse's trotting gait
post	v.	mark with a stake
post	v.	place so as to be noticed
post	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
post	v.	mark or expose as infamous
postage	n.	the charge for mailing something
postage	n.	a small adhesive token stuck on a letter or package to indicate that that postal fees have been paid
postal	adj.	of or relating to the system for delivering mail
postbag	n.	letter carrier's shoulder bag
postbox	n.	public box for deposit of mail
postcard	n.	a card for sending messages by post without an envelope
postcode	n.	a code of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sorting of mail
postdate	v.	be later in time
postdate	v.	establish something as being later relative to something else
postdoc	n.	a grant that funds postdoctoral study or research
postdoc	n.	a scholar or researcher who is involved in academic study beyond the level of a doctoral degree
postdoctoral	n.	a grant that funds postdoctoral study or research
postdoctoral	adj.	of or relating to study or research that is done after work for the doctoral degree has been completed
poster	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
poster	n.	someone who pastes up bills or placards on walls or billboards
poster	n.	a horse kept at an inn or post house for use by mail carriers or for rent to travelers
posterior	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
posterior	n.	a tooth situated at the back of the mouth
posterior	adj.	located at or near or behind a part or near the end of a structure
posterior	adj.	coming at a subsequent time or stage
posterity	n.	all of the offspring of a given progenitor
posterity	n.	all future generations
postgraduate	n.	a student who continues studies after graduation
postgraduate	adj.	of or relating to studies beyond a bachelor's degree
posthumous	adj.	occurring or coming into existence after a person's death
postilion	n.	someone who rides the near horse of a pair in order to guide the horses pulling a carriage (especially a carriage without a coachman)
postindustrial	adj.	of or relating to a society or economy marked by a lessened importance of manufacturing and an increase of services, information, and research
posting	n.	a sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
posting	n.	(bookkeeping) a listing on the company's records
posting	n.	the transmission of a letter
posting	v.	affix in a public place or for public notice
posting	v.	publicize with, or as if with, a poster
posting	v.	assign to a post; put into a post
posting	v.	assign to a station
posting	v.	display, as of records in sports games
posting	v.	enter on a public list
posting	v.	transfer (entries) from one account book to another
posting	v.	ride Western style and bob up and down in the saddle in rhythm with a horse's trotting gait
posting	v.	mark with a stake
posting	v.	place so as to be noticed
posting	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
posting	v.	mark or expose as infamous
postlude	n.	a voluntary played at the end of a religious service
postman	n.	a man who delivers the mail
postmark	n.	a cancellation mark stamped on mail by postal officials; indicates the post office and date of mailing
postmark	v.	stamp with a postmark to indicate date and time of mailing
postmaster	n.	the person in charge of a post office
postmen	n.	a man who delivers the mail
postmenopausal	adj.	subsequent to menopause
postmeridian	adj.	after noon
postmistress	n.	a woman postmaster
postmodern	adj.	of or relating to postmodernism
postmodernism	n.	genre of art and literature and especially architecture in reaction against principles and practices of established modernism
postmodernist	adj.	of or relating to postmodernism
postmortem	n.	discussion of an event after it has occurred
postmortem	n.	an examination and dissection of a dead body to determine cause of death or the changes produced by disease
postmortem	adj.	occurring or done after death
postmortem	adj.	after death or after an event
postnatal	adj.	occurring immediately after birth
postoperative	adj.	happening or done after a surgical operation
postpaid	adj.	used especially of mail; paid in advance
postpartum	adj.	occurring immediately after birth
postpone	v.	hold back to a later time
postponement	n.	time during which some action is awaited
postponement	n.	act of putting off to a future time
postprandial	adj.	following a meal (especially dinner)
postscript	n.	a note appended to a letter after the signature
postscript	n.	textual matter that is added onto a publication; usually at the end
postulate	n.	(logic) a proposition that is accepted as true in order to provide a basis for logical reasoning
postulate	v.	maintain or assert
postulate	v.	take as a given; assume as a postulate or axiom
postulate	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
postulation	n.	(logic) a declaration of something self-evident; something that can be assumed as the basis for argument
postulation	n.	a formal message requesting something that is submitted to an authority
postural	adj.	of or relating to or involving posture
posture	n.	the arrangement of the body and its limbs
posture	n.	characteristic way of bearing one's body
posture	n.	a rationalized mental attitude
posture	n.	capability in terms of personnel and materiel that affect the capacity to fight a war
posture	v.	behave affectedly or unnaturally in order to impress others
posture	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
posturing	n.	adopting a vain conceited posture
posturing	v.	behave affectedly or unnaturally in order to impress others
posturing	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
postwar	adj.	belonging to the period after a war
posy	n.	an arrangement of flowers that is usually given as a present
pot	n.	metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has a handle and lid
pot	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
pot	n.	the quantity contained in a pot
pot	n.	a container in which plants are cultivated
pot	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
pot	n.	the cumulative amount involved in a game (such as poker)
pot	n.	slang for a paunch
pot	n.	a resistor with three terminals, the third being an adjustable center terminal; used to adjust voltages in radios and TV sets
pot	n.	street names for marijuana
pot	v.	plant in a pot
potable	n.	any liquid suitable for drinking
potable	adj.	suitable for drinking
potash	n.	a potassium compound often used in agriculture and industry
potassium	n.	a light soft silver-white metallic element of the alkali metal group; oxidizes rapidly in air and reacts violently with water; is abundant in nature in combined forms occurring in sea water and in carnallite and kainite and sylvite
potato	n.	an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland
potato	n.	annual native to South America having underground stolons bearing edible starchy tubers; widely cultivated as a garden vegetable; vines are poisonous
potatoes	n.	an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland
potatoes	n.	annual native to South America having underground stolons bearing edible starchy tubers; widely cultivated as a garden vegetable; vines are poisonous
potbelly	n.	slang for a paunch
potbelly	n.	a bulbous stove in which wood or coal is burned
potboiler	n.	a literary composition of poor quality that was written quickly to make money (to boil the pot)
potemkin	n.	a Russian officer and politician who was a favorite of Catherine II and in 1762 helped her to seize power; when she visited the Crimea in 1787 he gave the order for sham villages to be built (1739-1791)
potency	n.	the power or right to give orders or make decisions
potency	n.	capacity to produce strong physiological or chemical effects
potency	n.	the inherent capacity for coming into being
potency	n.	the state of being potent; a male's capacity to have sexual intercourse
potent	adj.	having great influence
potent	adj.	having or wielding force or authority
potent	adj.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect; ; ; ,
potent	adj.	(of a male) capable of copulation
potentate	n.	a ruler who is unconstrained by law
potential	n.	the inherent capacity for coming into being
potential	n.	the difference in electrical charge between two points in a circuit expressed in volts
potential	adj.	existing in possibility
potential	adj.	expected to become or be; in prospect
potentiality	n.	the inherent capacity for coming into being
potentiality	n.	an aptitude that may be developed
potentiate	v.	increase the effect of or act synergistically with (a drug or a physiological or biochemical phenomenon)
potful	n.	the quantity contained in a pot
pothead	n.	someone who smokes marijuana habitually
pother	n.	an excited state of agitation
pother	v.	make upset or troubled
pother	v.	make a fuss; be agitated
potherb	n.	any of various herbaceous plants whose leaves or stems or flowers are cooked and used for food or seasoning
potholder	n.	an insulated pad for holding hot pots
pothole	n.	a pit or hole produced by wear or weathering (especially in a road surface)
pothook	n.	an S-shaped hook to suspend a pot over a fire
potion	n.	a medicinal or magical or poisonous beverage
potluck	n.	whatever happens to be available especially when offered to an unexpected guest or when brought by guests and shared by all
potomac	n.	a river in the east central United States; rises in West Virginia in the Appalachian Mountains and flows eastward, forming the boundary between Maryland and Virginia, to the Chesapeake Bay
potomac	n.	term sometimes used to refer to Washington, D.C.
potpie	n.	deep-dish meat and vegetable pie or a meat stew with dumplings
potpourri	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
potpourri	n.	a musical composition consisting of a series of songs or other musical pieces from various sources
potpourri	n.	a jar of mixed flower petals and spices used as perfume
potsdam	n.	a city in northeastern Germany; site of the Potsdam Conference in the summer of 1945
potsherd	n.	a shard of pottery
potshot	n.	a shot taken at an easy or casual target (as by a pothunter)
potshot	n.	criticism aimed at an easy target and made without careful consideration
pottage	n.	a stew of vegetables and (sometimes) meat
pottage	n.	thick (often creamy) soup
potted	v.	plant in a pot
potted	adj.	of plants; planted or grown in a pot
potted	adj.	preserved in a pot or can or jar
potted	adj.	(British informal) summarized or abridged
potter	n.	a craftsman who shapes pottery on a potter's wheel and bakes them it a kiln
potter	v.	do random, unplanned work or activities or spend time idly
potter	v.	work lightly
potter	v.	move around aimlessly
pottery	n.	ceramic ware made from clay and baked in a kiln
pottery	n.	the craft of making earthenware
pottery	n.	a workshop where clayware is made
potting	v.	plant in a pot
potty	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
potty	n.	a receptacle for urination or defecation in the bedroom
potty	adj.	marked by foolish or unreasoning fondness
potty	adj.	(British informal) trivial
potty	adj.	slightly intoxicated
pouch	n.	a small or medium size container for holding or carrying things
pouch	n.	an enclosed space
pouch	n.	(anatomy) saclike structure in any of various animals (as a marsupial or gopher or pelican)
pouch	v.	put into a small bag
pouch	v.	send by special mail that goes through diplomatic channels
pouch	v.	swell or protrude outwards
pouf	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
pouf	n.	thick cushion used as a seat
pouffe	n.	thick cushion used as a seat
poulterer	n.	a dealer in poultry and poultry products
poultice	n.	a medical dressing consisting of a soft heated mass of meal or clay that is spread on a cloth and applied to the skin to treat inflamed areas or improve circulation etc.
poultice	v.	dress by covering with a therapeutic substance
poultry	n.	a domesticated gallinaceous bird thought to be descended from the red jungle fowl
poultry	n.	flesh of chickens or turkeys or ducks or geese raised for food
pounce	n.	the act of pouncing
pounce	v.	move down on as if in an attack
pound	n.	16 ounces avoirdupois
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in Great Britain and Northern Ireland; equal to 100 pence
pound	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to 12 ounces troy
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in Syria; equal to 100 piasters
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in the Sudan; equal to 100 piasters
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in Lebanon; equal to 100 piasters
pound	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Ireland; equal to 100 pence
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in Egypt; equal to 100 piasters
pound	n.	the basic unit of money in Cyprus; equal to 100 cents
pound	n.	a nontechnical unit of force equal to the mass of 1 pound with an acceleration of free fall equal to 32 feet/sec/sec
pound	n.	United States writer who lived in Europe; strongly influenced the development of modern literature (1885-1972)
pound	n.	a symbol for a unit of currency (especially for the pound sterling in Great Britain)
pound	n.	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs
pound	n.	the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows)
pound	v.	hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument
pound	v.	strike or drive against with a heavy impact
pound	v.	move heavily or clumsily
pound	v.	move rhythmically
pound	v.	partition off into compartments
pound	v.	shut up or confine in any enclosure or within any bounds or limits
pound	v.	place or shut up in a pound
pound	v.	break down and crush by beating, as with a pestle
poundage	n.	a charge based on weight measured in pounds
poundage	n.	a fee charged for the recovery of impounded animals
poundage	n.	weight expressed in pounds
poundage	n.	placing private property in the custody of an officer of the law
pounding	n.	repeated heavy blows
pounding	n.	an instance of rapid strong pulsation (of the heart)
pounding	n.	the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows)
pounding	v.	hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument
pounding	v.	strike or drive against with a heavy impact
pounding	v.	move heavily or clumsily
pounding	v.	move rhythmically
pounding	v.	partition off into compartments
pounding	v.	shut up or confine in any enclosure or within any bounds or limits
pounding	v.	place or shut up in a pound
pounding	v.	break down and crush by beating, as with a pestle
pour	v.	cause to run
pour	v.	move in large numbers
pour	v.	pour out
pour	v.	flow in a spurt
pour	v.	supply in large amounts or quantities
pour	v.	rain heavily
poussin	n.	French painter in the classical style (1594-1665)
pout	n.	a disdainful grimace
pout	n.	marine eellike mostly bottom-dwelling fishes of northern seas
pout	n.	catfish common in eastern United States
pout	v.	be in a huff and display one's displeasure
pout	v.	make a sad face and thrust out one's lower lip
pouter	n.	someone with a habitually sullen or gloomy expression
pouter	n.	one of a breed of pigeon that enlarge their crop until their breast is puffed out
poverty	n.	the state of having little or no money and few or no material possessions
pow	n.	a person who surrenders to (or is taken by) the enemy in time of war
powder	n.	a solid substance in the form of tiny loose particles; a solid that has been pulverized
powder	n.	a mixture of potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in a 75:15:10 ratio which is used in gunnery, time fuses, and fireworks
powder	n.	any of various cosmetic or medical preparations dispensed in the form of a pulverized powder
powder	v.	make into a powder by breaking up or cause to become dust
powder	v.	apply powder to
powdery	adj.	consisting of fine particles
powdery	adj.	as if dulled in color with a sprinkling of powder
powell	n.	United States general who was the first African American to serve as chief of staff; later served as Secretary of State under President George W. Bush (born 1937)
powell	n.	English physicist who discovered the pion (the first known meson) which is a subatomic particle involved in holding the nucleus together (1903-1969)
power	n.	possession of controlling influence
power	n.	(physics) the rate of doing work; measured in watts (= joules/second)
power	n.	possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done
power	n.	(of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power
power	n.	one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority
power	n.	a mathematical notation indicating the number of times a quantity is multiplied by itself
power	n.	physical strength
power	n.	a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world
power	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
power	v.	supply the force or power for the functioning of
powerboat	n.	a boat propelled by an internal-combustion engine
powerful	adj.	having great power or force or potency or effect
powerful	adj.	strong enough to knock down or overwhelm
powerful	adj.	having great influence
powerful	adj.	(of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful
powerful	adj.	displaying superhuman strength or power
powerful	adv.	(Southern regional intensive) very; to a great degree
powerhouse	n.	a highly energetic and indefatigable person
powerhouse	n.	a team considered to be the best of its class
powerhouse	n.	an electrical generating station
powerless	adj.	lacking power
powerlessness	n.	the quality of lacking strength or power; being weak and feeble
powers	n.	possession of controlling influence
powers	n.	(physics) the rate of doing work; measured in watts (= joules/second)
powers	n.	possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done
powers	n.	(of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power
powers	n.	one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority
powers	n.	a mathematical notation indicating the number of times a quantity is multiplied by itself
powers	n.	physical strength
powers	n.	a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world
powers	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
powers	v.	supply the force or power for the functioning of
powhatan	n.	Indian chief and founder of the Powhatan confederacy of tribes in eastern Virginia; father of Pocahontas (1550?-1618)
powhatan	n.	a member of the Algonquian people who formerly lived in eastern Virginia
powhatan	n.	the Algonquian language of the Powhatan
powwow	n.	(informal) a quick private conference
powwow	n.	a council of or with Native Americans
powwow	v.	hold a powwow, talk, conference or meeting
pox	n.	a common venereal disease caused by the treponema pallidum spirochete; symptoms change through progressive stages; can be congenital (transmitted through the placenta)
pox	n.	a contagious disease characterized by purulent skin eruptions that may leave pock marks
pr	n.	a soft yellowish-white trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; can be recovered from bastnasite or monazite by an ion-exchange process
pr	n.	a self-governing commonwealth associated with the United States occupying the island of Puerto Rico
pr	n.	a promotion intended to create goodwill for a person or institution
practicability	n.	the quality of being usable
practicably	adv.	in a practicable manner; so as to be feasible
practical	adj.	concerned with actual use or practice
practical	adj.	guided by practical experience and observation rather than theory
practical	adj.	being actually such in almost every respect
practical	adj.	having or put to a practical purpose or use
practicality	n.	concerned with actual use rather than theoretical possibilities
practice	n.	a customary way of operation or behavior
practice	n.	systematic training by multiple repetitions
practice	n.	translating an idea into action
practice	n.	the exercise of a profession
practice	n.	knowledge of how something is usually done
practice	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
practice	v.	learn by repetition
practice	v.	engage in a rehearsal (of)
practice	v.	avail oneself to
practice	v.	engage in or perform
practiced	v.	carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions
practiced	v.	learn by repetition
practiced	v.	engage in a rehearsal (of)
practiced	v.	avail oneself to
practiced	v.	engage in or perform
practiced	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
practiced	adj.	skillful after much practice
practitioner	n.	someone who practices a learned profession
praetor	n.	an annually elected magistrate of the ancient Roman Republic
praetorian	n.	a member of the Praetorian Guard
praetorian	adj.	of or relating to a Roman praetor
praetorian	adj.	characteristic of or similar to the corruptible soldiers in the Praetorian Guard with respect to corruption or political venality; - Arthur M.Schlesinger Jr.
pragmatic	n.	an imperial decree that becomes part of the fundamental law of the land
pragmatic	adj.	concerned with practical matters
pragmatic	adj.	of or concerning the theory of pragmatism
pragmatic	adj.	guided by practical experience and observation rather than theory
pragmatical	adj.	of or concerning the theory of pragmatism
pragmatical	adj.	concerned with practical matters
pragmatism	n.	(philosophy) the doctrine that practical consequences are the criteria of knowledge and meaning and value
pragmatism	n.	the attribute of accepting the facts of life and favoring practicality and literal truth
pragmatist	n.	an adherent of philosophical pragmatism
pragmatist	n.	a person who takes a practical approach to problems and is concerned primarily with the success or failure of her actions
prague	n.	the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic in the western part of the country; a cultural and commercial center since the 14th century
praia	n.	the capital of Cape Verde on Sao Tiago Island
prairie	n.	a treeless grassy plain
praise	n.	an expression of approval and commendation
praise	n.	offering words of homage as an act of worship
praise	v.	express approval of
praiseworthiness	n.	the quality of being worthy of praise
praiseworthy	adj.	worthy of high praise
prakrit	n.	any of the modern Indic languages
prakrit	n.	any of the vernacular Indic languages of north and central India (as distinguished from Sanskrit) recorded from the 3rd century BC to the 4th century AD
praline	n.	cookie-sized candy made of brown sugar and butter and pecans
pram	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
prance	n.	a proud stiff pompous gait
prance	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
prance	v.	spring forward on the hind legs
prance	v.	cause (a horse) to bound spring forward
prance	v.	ride a horse such that it springs and bounds forward
prancer	n.	a mettlesome or fiery horse
prancing	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
prancing	v.	spring forward on the hind legs
prancing	v.	cause (a horse) to bound spring forward
prancing	v.	ride a horse such that it springs and bounds forward
prang	n.	a crash involving a car or plane
prang	v.	crash
prank	n.	acting like a clown or buffoon
prank	n.	a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement
prank	v.	dress or decorate showily or gaudily
prank	v.	dress up showily
prankster	n.	someone who plays practical jokes on others
praseodymium	n.	a soft yellowish-white trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; can be recovered from bastnasite or monazite by an ion-exchange process
prat	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
prate	n.	idle or foolish and irrelevant talk
prate	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
prater	n.	an obnoxious and foolish and loquacious talker
pratfall	n.	a fall onto your buttocks
pratfall	n.	an embarrassing mistake
prattle	n.	idle or foolish and irrelevant talk
prattle	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
prattler	n.	someone who speaks in a childish way
prawn	n.	any of various edible decapod crustaceans
prawn	n.	shrimp-like decapod crustacean having two pairs of pincers; most are edible
prawn	v.	fish for prawns
praxiteles	n.	ancient Greek sculptor (circa 370-330 BC)
pray	v.	address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer
pray	v.	call upon in supplication; entreat
prayer	n.	the act of communicating with a deity (especially as a petition or in adoration or contrition or thanksgiving)
prayer	n.	reverent petition to a deity
prayer	n.	earnest or urgent request
prayer	n.	a fixed text used in praying
prayer	n.	someone who prays to God
prayerful	adj.	disposed to pray or appearing to pray
prc	n.	a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
preach	v.	deliver a sermon
preach	v.	speak, plead, or argue in favor of
preacher	n.	someone whose occupation is preaching the gospel
preachment	n.	a sermon on a moral or religious topic
preachy	adj.	inclined to or marked by tedious moralization
preadolescent	adj.	of or relating to or designed for children between the ages of 9 and 12
preakness	n.	an annual race for three-year-old horses; held at Pimlico in Baltimore, Maryland
preamble	n.	a preliminary introduction to a statute or constitution (usually explaining its purpose)
preamble	v.	make a preliminary introduction, usually to a formal document
prearrange	v.	arrange beforehand
prearrangement	n.	something arranged in advance
precambrian	n.	the eon following the Hadean time and preceding the Phanerozoic eon; from about 3,800 million years ago until 544 million years ago
precancerous	adj.	of or relating to a growth that is not malignant but is likely to become so if not treated
precarious	adj.	affording no ease or reassurance
precarious	adj.	fraught with danger
precarious	adj.	not secure; beset with difficulties
precariousness	n.	extreme dangerousness
precariousness	n.	being unsettled or in doubt or dependent on chance
precast	adj.	of structural members especially of concrete; cast into form before being transported to the site of installation
precaution	n.	a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.
precaution	n.	the trait of practicing caution in advance
precaution	n.	judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger
precautionary	adj.	taken in advance to protect against possible danger or failure
precede	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
precede	v.	come before
precede	v.	be the predecessor of
precede	v.	move ahead (of others) in time or space
precede	v.	furnish with a preface or introduction
precedence	n.	status established in order of importance or urgency
precedence	n.	preceding in time
precedence	n.	the act of preceding in time or order or rank (as in a ceremony)
precedent	n.	an example that is used to justify similar occurrences at a later time
precedent	n.	(civil law) a law established by following earlier judicial decisions
precedent	n.	a system of jurisprudence based on judicial precedents rather than statutory laws
precedent	n.	a subject mentioned earlier (preceding in time)
precedent	adj.	preceding in time, order, or significance
precept	n.	rule of personal conduct
precept	n.	a doctrine that is taught
preceptor	n.	teacher at a university or college (especially at Cambridge or Oxford)
precinct	n.	a district of a city or town marked out for administrative purposes
preciosity	n.	the quality of being fastidious or excessively refined
precious	adj.	characterized by feeling or showing fond affection for
precious	adj.	of high worth or cost
precious	adj.	held in great esteem for admirable qualities especially of an intrinsic nature
precious	adj.	obviously contrived to charm
precious	adv.	extremely
preciousness	n.	the quality possessed by something with a great price or value
preciousness	n.	the positive quality of being precious and beyond value
preciousness	n.	the quality of being fastidious or excessively refined
precipice	n.	a very steep cliff
precipitant	n.	an agent that causes a precipitate to form
precipitant	adj.	done with very great haste and without due deliberation; - Shakespeare; - Arthur Geddes
precipitate	n.	a precipitated solid substance in suspension or after settling or filtering
precipitate	v.	bring about abruptly
precipitate	v.	separate as a fine suspension of solid particles
precipitate	v.	fall from clouds
precipitate	v.	fall vertically, sharply, or headlong
precipitate	v.	hurl or throw violently
precipitate	adj.	done with very great haste and without due deliberation; - Shakespeare; - Arthur Geddes
precipitation	n.	the quantity of water falling to earth at a specific place within a specified period of time
precipitation	n.	the process of forming a chemical precipitate
precipitation	n.	the falling to earth of any form of water (rain or snow or hail or sleet or mist)
precipitation	n.	the act of casting down or falling headlong from a height
precipitation	n.	an unexpected acceleration or hastening
precipitation	n.	overly eager speed (and possible carelessness)
precipitous	adj.	done with very great haste and without due deliberation; - Shakespeare; - Arthur Geddes
precipitous	adj.	extremely steep
precis	n.	a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory
precis	v.	make a summary (of)
precise	adj.	sharply exact or accurate or delimited
precise	adj.	(of ideas, images, representations, expressions) characterized by perfect conformity to fact or truth ; strictly correct
preciseness	n.	clarity as a consequence of precision
preciseness	n.	the quality of being reproducible in amount or performance
precision	n.	the quality of being reproducible in amount or performance
preclude	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
preclude	v.	make impossible, especially beforehand
preclusion	n.	the act of preventing something by anticipating and disposing of it effectively
precocious	adj.	characterized by or characteristic of exceptionally early development or maturity (especially in mental aptitude)
precocious	adj.	appearing or developing early
precociousness	n.	intelligence achieved far ahead of normal developmental schedules
precocity	n.	intelligence achieved far ahead of normal developmental schedules
precognition	n.	knowledge of an event before it occurs
precognitive	adj.	foreseeing the future
preconceive	v.	conceive beforehand
preconception	n.	an opinion formed beforehand without adequate evidence
preconception	n.	a partiality that prevents objective consideration of an issue or situation
precondition	n.	an assumption on which rests the validity or effect of something else
precondition	n.	an assumption that is taken for granted
precondition	n.	a condition that is a prerequisite
precondition	v.	put into the required condition beforehand
precook	v.	cook beforehand so that the actual preparation won't take long
precursor	n.	a substance from which another substance is formed (especially by a metabolic reaction)
precursor	n.	a person who goes before or announces the coming of another
precursor	n.	something that precedes and indicates the approach of something or someone
precursory	adj.	warning of future misfortune
predate	v.	be earlier in time; go back further
predate	v.	come before
predate	v.	prey on or hunt for
predate	v.	establish something as being earlier relative to something else
predator	n.	someone who attacks in search of booty
predator	n.	any animal that lives by preying on other animals
predatory	adj.	characterized by plundering or pillaging or marauding
predatory	adj.	living by preying on other animals especially by catching living prey
predatory	adj.	living by or given to victimizing others for personal gain; ; - Peter S. Prescott; - W.E.Swinton
predecease	v.	die before; die earlier than
predecessor	n.	one who precedes you in time (as in holding a position or office)
predecessor	n.	something that precedes and indicates the approach of something or someone
predestination	n.	previous determination as if by destiny or fate
predestination	n.	(theology) being determined in advance; especially the doctrine (usually associated with Calvin) that God has foreordained every event throughout eternity (including the final salvation of mankind)
predestine	v.	decree or determine beforehand
predestine	v.	foreordain by divine will or decree
predestine	v.	foreordain or determine beforehand
predetermination	n.	(theology) being determined in advance; especially the doctrine (usually associated with Calvin) that God has foreordained every event throughout eternity (including the final salvation of mankind)
predetermination	n.	a mental determination or resolve in advance; an antecedent intention to do something
predetermination	n.	the act of determining or ordaining in advance what is to take place
predetermine	v.	determine beforehand
predetermine	v.	cause to be biased
predicament	n.	a situation from which extrication is difficult especially an unpleasant or trying one
predicate	n.	(logic) what is predicated of the subject of a proposition; the second term in a proposition is predicated of the first term by means of the copula
predicate	n.	one of the two main constituents of a sentence; the predicate contains the verb and its complements
predicate	v.	make the (grammatical) predicate in a proposition
predicate	v.	affirm or declare as an attribute or quality of
predicate	v.	involve as a necessary condition of consequence; as in logic
predication	n.	(logic) a declaration of something self-evident; something that can be assumed as the basis for argument
predicative	adj.	of adjectives; relating to or occurring within the predicate of a sentence
predict	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
predict	v.	indicate by signs
predictability	n.	the quality of being predictable
predictable	adj.	capable of being foretold
predictably	adv.	in a predictable manner or to a predictable degree
prediction	n.	the act of predicting (as by reasoning about the future)
prediction	n.	a statement made about the future
predictor	n.	someone who makes predictions of the future (usually on the basis of special knowledge)
predictor	n.	information that supports a probabilistic estimate of future events
predictor	n.	a computer for controlling antiaircraft fire that computes the position of an aircraft at the instant of a shell's arrival
predigest	v.	digest (food) beforehand
predilection	n.	a predisposition in favor of something
predilection	n.	a strong liking
predispose	v.	make susceptible
predisposition	n.	susceptibility to a pathogen
predisposition	n.	an inclination beforehand to interpret statements in a particular way
predisposition	n.	a disposition in advance to react in a particular way
prednisone	n.	a dehydrogenated analogue of cortisol (trade names Orasone or Deltasone or Liquid Pred or Meticorten); used as an anti-inflammatory drug in the treatment of arthritis and as an immunosuppressant
predominance	n.	the state of being predominant over others
predominance	n.	the quality of being more noticeable than anything else
predominant	adj.	most frequent or common
predominant	adj.	having superior power and influence
predominate	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
predominate	v.	appear very large or occupy a commanding position
predominate	adj.	having superior power and influence
preemie	n.	an infant that is born prior to 37 weeks of gestation
preeminence	n.	high status importance owing to marked superiority
preeminent	adj.	greatest in importance or degree or significance or achievement
preempt	n.	a high bid that is intended to prevent the opposing players from bidding
preempt	v.	acquire for oneself before others can do so
preempt	v.	take the place of or have precedence over
preempt	v.	gain possession of by prior right or opportunity, especially so as to obtain the right to buy (land)
preempt	v.	make a preemptive bid in the game of bridge
preemption	n.	the judicial principle asserting the supremacy of federal over state legislation on the same subject
preemption	n.	the right of a government to seize or appropriate something (as property)
preemption	n.	the right to purchase something in advance of others
preemption	n.	a prior appropriation of something
preemptive	adj.	designed or having the power to deter or prevent an anticipated situation or occurrence
preen	v.	clean with one's bill
preen	v.	pride or congratulate (oneself) for an achievement
preen	v.	dress or groom with elaborate care
preexist	v.	exist beforehand or prior to a certain point in time
preexistence	n.	existing in a former state or previous to something else
prefab	n.	a prefabricated structure
prefab	adj.	manufactured in standard sizes to be shipped and assembled elsewhere
prefabricate	v.	to manufacture sections of (a building), especially in a factory, so that they can be easily transported to and rapidly assembled on a building site of buildings
prefabricate	v.	produce synthetically, artificially, or stereotypically and unoriginally
prefabrication	n.	the manufacture of sections of a building at the factory so they can be easily and rapidly assembled at the building site
preface	n.	a short introductory essay preceding the text of a book
preface	v.	furnish with a preface or introduction
prefatory	adj.	serving as an introduction or preface
prefect	n.	a chief officer or chief magistrate
prefecture	n.	the district administered by a prefect (as in France or Japan or the Roman Empire)
prefecture	n.	the office of prefect
prefer	v.	like better; value more highly
prefer	v.	select as an alternative over another
prefer	v.	promote over another
prefer	v.	give preference to one creditor over another
preferably	adv.	more readily or willingly
preference	n.	a strong liking
preference	n.	a predisposition in favor of something
preference	n.	the right or chance to choose
preference	n.	grant of favor or advantage to one over another (especially to a country or countries in matters of international trade, such as levying duties)
preferential	adj.	manifesting partiality
preferment	n.	the act of preferring
preferment	n.	the act of making accusations
preferred	v.	like better; value more highly
preferred	v.	select as an alternative over another
preferred	v.	promote over another
preferred	v.	give preference to one creditor over another
preferred	adj.	more desirable than another
preferred	adj.	preferred above all others and treated with partiality
preferring	v.	like better; value more highly
preferring	v.	select as an alternative over another
preferring	v.	promote over another
preferring	v.	give preference to one creditor over another
prefigure	v.	imagine or consider beforehand
prefigure	v.	indicate by signs
prefix	n.	an affix that is added in front of the word
prefix	v.	attach a prefix to
preform	v.	form into a shape resembling the final, desired one
preform	v.	form or shape beforehand or determine the shape of beforehand
prefrontal	adj.	anterior to a frontal structure
pregnancy	n.	the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman carries a developing fetus in her uterus
pregnant	adj.	carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new life
pregnant	adj.	rich in significance or implication
pregnant	adj.	filled with or attended with
preheat	v.	heat beforehand
prehensile	adj.	adapted for grasping especially by wrapping around an object
prehensile	adj.	having a keen intellect; - A.T.Quiller-Couch
prehensile	adj.	immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
prehistoric	adj.	belonging to or existing in times before recorded history
prehistoric	adj.	of or relating to times before written history
prehistoric	adj.	no longer fashionable
prehistorical	adj.	belonging to or existing in times before recorded history
prehistory	n.	the time during the development of human culture before the appearance of the written word
prejudge	v.	judge beforehand, especially without sufficient evidence
prejudgment	n.	a judgment reached before the evidence is available
prejudice	n.	a partiality that prevents objective consideration of an issue or situation
prejudice	v.	disadvantage by prejudice
prejudice	v.	influence (somebody's) opinion in advance
prejudiced	v.	disadvantage by prejudice
prejudiced	v.	influence (somebody's) opinion in advance
prejudiced	adj.	emanating from a person's emotions and prejudices
prejudiced	adj.	being biased or having a belief or attitude formed beforehand
prejudicial	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') causing harm or injury
prejudicial	adj.	tending to favor preconceived ideas
prelacy	n.	prelates collectively
prelacy	n.	the office or station of a prelate
prelate	n.	a senior clergyman and dignitary
prelim	n.	a minor match preceding the main event
prelim	n.	an examination taken by graduate students to determine their fitness to continue
preliminary	n.	a minor match preceding the main event
preliminary	n.	something that serves as a preceding event or introduces what follows
preliminary	adj.	denoting an action or event preceding or in preparation for something more important; designed to orient or acquaint with a situation before proceeding
preliterate	adj.	not yet having acquired the ability to read and write
preliterate	adj.	used of a society that has not developed writing
prelude	n.	something that serves as a preceding event or introduces what follows
prelude	n.	music that precedes a fugue or introduces an act in an opera
prelude	v.	serve as a prelude or opening to
prelude	v.	play as a prelude
premarital	adj.	relating to events before a marriage
premature	adj.	born after a gestation period of less than the normal time
premature	adj.	too soon or too hasty
premature	adj.	uncommonly early or before the expected time
premedical	adj.	preparing for the study of medicine
premedical	adj.	preceding and preparing for the study of medicine
premeditate	v.	consider, ponder, or plan (an action) beforehand
premeditate	v.	think or reflect beforehand or in advance
premeditated	v.	consider, ponder, or plan (an action) beforehand
premeditated	v.	think or reflect beforehand or in advance
premeditated	adj.	characterized by deliberate purpose and some degree of planning
premeditation	n.	planning or plotting in advance of acting
premeditation	n.	(law) thought and intention to commit a crime well in advance of the crime; goes to show criminal intent
premenstrual	adj.	of or relating to or occurring during the period just before menstruation
premier	n.	the person who holds the position of head of the government in the United Kingdom
premier	n.	the person who is head of state (in several countries)
premier	v.	be performed for the first time
premier	v.	perform a work for the first time
premier	adj.	first in rank or degree
premier	adj.	preceding all others in time
premiere	n.	the first public performance of a play or movie
premiere	v.	be performed for the first time
premiere	v.	perform a work for the first time
premiere	adj.	preceding all others in time
premiership	n.	the office of premier
premise	n.	a statement that is assumed to be true and from which a conclusion can be drawn
premise	v.	set forth beforehand, often as an explanation
premise	v.	furnish with a preface or introduction
premise	v.	take something as preexisting and given
premium	n.	payment for insurance
premium	n.	the amount that something in scarce supply is valued above its nominal value
premium	n.	a fee charged for exchanging currencies
premium	n.	a prize, bonus, or award given as an inducement to purchase products, enter competitions initiated by business interests, etc.
premium	n.	payment or reward (especially from a government) for acts such as catching criminals or killing predatory animals or enlisting in the military
premium	adj.	having or reflecting superior quality or value
premix	n.	a commercially prepared mixture of dry ingredients
premolar	n.	a tooth having two cusps or points; located between the incisors and the molars
premonition	n.	a feeling of evil to come
premonition	n.	an early warning about a future event
premonitory	adj.	warning of future misfortune
prenatal	adj.	occurring or existing before birth
prentice	n.	works for an expert to learn a trade
prenuptial	adj.	relating to events before a marriage
preoccupation	n.	an idea that preoccupies the mind and holds the attention
preoccupation	n.	the mental state of being preoccupied by something
preoccupation	n.	the act of taking occupancy before someone else does
preoccupy	v.	engage or engross the interest or attention of beforehand or occupy urgently or obsessively
preoccupy	v.	occupy or take possession of beforehand or before another or appropriate for use in advance
preoperative	adj.	happening or done before and in preparation for a surgical operation
preordain	v.	foreordain or determine beforehand
prep	n.	preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home)
prepacked	adj.	prepared and wrapped beforehand and ready for sale
prepaid	v.	pay for something before receiving it
prepaid	adj.	used especially of mail; paid in advance
preparation	n.	the activity of putting or setting in order in advance of some act or purpose
preparation	n.	a substance prepared according to a formula
preparation	n.	the cognitive process of thinking about what you will do in the event of something happening
preparation	n.	the state of having been made ready or prepared for use or action (especially military action)
preparation	n.	(music) a note that produces a dissonant chord is first heard in a consonant chord
preparation	n.	activity leading to skilled behavior
preparation	n.	preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home)
preparation	n.	the act of preparing something (as food) by the application of heat
preparatory	adj.	preceding and preparing for something
prepare	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
prepare	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
prepare	v.	to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery
prepare	v.	arrange by systematic planning and united effort
prepare	v.	educate for a future role or function
prepare	v.	create by training and teaching
prepare	v.	lead up to and soften by sounding the dissonant note in it as a consonant note in the preceding chord
prepare	v.	undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession
prepared	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
prepared	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
prepared	v.	to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery
prepared	v.	arrange by systematic planning and united effort
prepared	v.	educate for a future role or function
prepared	v.	create by training and teaching
prepared	v.	lead up to and soften by sounding the dissonant note in it as a consonant note in the preceding chord
prepared	v.	undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession
prepared	adj.	made ready or fit or suitable beforehand
prepared	adj.	having made preparations
prepared	adj.	equipped or prepared with necessary intellectual resources
preparedness	n.	the state of having been made ready or prepared for use or action (especially military action)
prepay	v.	pay for something before receiving it
prepayment	n.	payment in advance
preponderance	n.	superiority in power or influence
preponderance	n.	a superiority in numbers or amount
preponderance	n.	exceeding in heaviness; having greater weight
preponderant	adj.	having superior power and influence
preponderate	v.	weigh more heavily
preposition	n.	a function word that combines with a noun or pronoun or noun phrase to form a prepositional phrase that can have an adverbial or adjectival relation to some other word
preposition	n.	(linguistics) the placing of one linguistic element before another (as placing a modifier before the word it modifies in a sentence or placing an affix before the base to which it is attached)
prepositional	adj.	of or relating to or formed with a preposition
prepossess	v.	possess beforehand
prepossess	v.	cause to be preoccupied
prepossess	v.	make a positive impression (on someone) beforehand
prepossess	v.	influence (somebody's) opinion in advance
prepossessing	v.	possess beforehand
prepossessing	v.	cause to be preoccupied
prepossessing	v.	make a positive impression (on someone) beforehand
prepossessing	v.	influence (somebody's) opinion in advance
prepossessing	adj.	creating a favorable impression
prepossession	n.	the condition of being prepossessed
prepossession	n.	an opinion formed beforehand without adequate evidence
preposterous	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
prepubescent	adj.	(especially of human beings) at the age immediately before puberty; often marked by accelerated growth
prepuce	n.	a fold of skin covering the tip of the clitoris
prepuce	n.	a fold of skin covering the tip of the penis
prerecord	v.	record before presentation, as of a broadcast
prerequisite	n.	something that is required in advance
prerequisite	adj.	required as a prior condition or course of study
prerogative	n.	a right reserved exclusively by a particular person or group (especially a hereditary or official right)
presage	n.	a foreboding about what is about to happen
presage	n.	a sign of something about to happen
presage	v.	indicate by signs
presbyopia	n.	a reduced ability to focus on near objects caused by loss of elasticity of the crystalline lens after age 45
presbyter	n.	an elder in the Presbyterian Church
presbyterian	n.	a follower of Calvinism as taught in the Presbyterian Church
presbyterianism	n.	the doctrines and practices of the Presbyterian Church: based in Calvinism
presbytery	n.	building reserved for the officiating clergy
preschool	n.	an educational institution for children too young for elementary school
preschooler	n.	a child who attends a preschool or kindergarten
prescience	n.	the power to foresee the future
prescient	adj.	perceiving the significance of events before they occur; -R.H.Rovere
prescott	n.	a town in central Arizona
prescribe	v.	issue commands or orders for
prescript	n.	prescribed guide for conduct or action
prescription	n.	directions prescribed beforehand; the action of prescribing authoritative rules or directions
prescription	n.	a drug that is available only with written instructions from a doctor or dentist to a pharmacist
prescription	n.	written instructions for an optician on the lenses for a given person
prescription	n.	written instructions from a physician or dentist to a druggist concerning the form and dosage of a drug to be issued to a given patient
prescription	adj.	available only with a doctor's written prescription
prescriptive	adj.	pertaining to giving directives or rules
preseason	n.	a period prior to the beginning of the regular season which is devoted to training and preparation
presence	n.	the state of being present; current existence
presence	n.	the immediate proximity of someone or something
presence	n.	an invisible spiritual being felt to be nearby
presence	n.	the impression that something is present
presence	n.	dignified manner or conduct
presence	n.	the act of being present
present	n.	the period of time that is happening now; any continuous stretch of time including the moment of speech
present	n.	something presented as a gift
present	n.	a verb tense that expresses actions or states at the time of speaking
present	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
present	v.	bring forward and present to the mind
present	v.	perform (a play), especially on a stage
present	v.	hand over formally
present	v.	introduce
present	v.	give, especially as an honor or reward
present	v.	give as a present; make a gift of
present	v.	deliver (a speech, oration, or idea)
present	v.	cause to come to know personally
present	v.	represent abstractly, for example in a painting, drawing, or sculpture
present	v.	present somebody with something, usually to accuse or criticize
present	v.	formally present a debutante, a representative of a country, etc.
present	v.	recognize with a gesture prescribed by a military regulation; assume a prescribed position
present	adj.	temporal sense; intermediate between past and future; now existing or happening or in consideration
present	adj.	being or existing in a specified place
presentably	adv.	in a presentable manner
presentation	n.	the activity of formally presenting something (as a prize or reward)
presentation	n.	a show or display; the act of presenting something to sight or view
presentation	n.	the act of making something publicly available; presenting news or other information by broadcasting or printing it
presentation	n.	the act of presenting a proposal
presentation	n.	a visual representation of something
presentation	n.	formally making a person known to another or to the public
presentation	n.	(obstetrics) position of the fetus in the uterus relative to the birth canal
presenter	n.	someone who presents a message of some sort (as a petition or an address or a check or a memorial etc.)
presenter	n.	an advocate who presents a person (as for an award or a degree or an introduction etc.)
presenter	n.	person who makes a gift of property
presentiment	n.	a feeling of evil to come
presentment	n.	an accusation of crime made by a grand jury on its own initiative
presentment	n.	a document that must be accepted and paid by another person
presentment	n.	a show or display; the act of presenting something to sight or view
preservation	n.	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger
preservation	n.	the condition of being (well or ill) preserved
preservation	n.	a process that saves organic substances from decay
preservation	n.	an occurrence of improvement by virtue of preventing loss or injury or other change
preservationist	n.	someone who advocates the preservation of historical sites or endangered species or natural areas
preservative	n.	a chemical compound that is added to protect against decay or decomposition
preservative	adj.	tending or having the power to preserve
preserve	n.	a domain that seems to be specially reserved for someone
preserve	n.	a reservation where animals are protected
preserve	n.	fruit preserved by cooking with sugar
preserve	v.	keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last
preserve	v.	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction
preserve	v.	to keep up and reserve for personal or special use
preserve	v.	prevent (food) from rotting
preserve	v.	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger
preserve	v.	keep undisturbed for personal or private use for hunting, shooting, or fishing
preserver	n.	a skilled worker who is employed to restore or refinish buildings or antique furniture
preserver	n.	a cook who preserves fruits or meat
preserver	n.	someone who keeps safe from harm or danger
preserver	n.	rescue equipment consisting of a buoyant belt or jacket to keep a person from drowning
preset	adj.	set in advance
preside	v.	act as president
presidency	n.	the tenure of a president
presidency	n.	the office and function of president
president	n.	an executive officer of a firm or corporation
president	n.	the person who holds the office of head of state of the United States government
president	n.	the chief executive of a republic
president	n.	the officer who presides at the meetings of an organization
president	n.	the head administrative officer of a college or university
president	n.	the office of the United States head of state
presidential	adj.	relating to a president or presidency
presidential	adj.	befitting a president
presidium	n.	a permanent executive committee in socialist countries that has all the powers of some larger legislative body and that acts for it when it is not in session
presley	n.	United States rock singer whose many hit records and flamboyant style greatly influenced American popular music (1935-1977)
press	n.	the state of demanding notice or attention
press	n.	the print media responsible for gathering and publishing news in the form of newspapers or magazines
press	n.	a machine used for printing
press	n.	a dense crowd of people
press	n.	a tall piece of furniture that provides storage space for clothes; has a door and rails or hooks for hanging clothes
press	n.	clamp to prevent wooden rackets from warping when not in use
press	n.	any machine that exerts pressure to form or shape or cut materials or extract liquids or compress solids
press	n.	a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted to shoulder height and then smoothly lifted overhead
press	n.	the act of pressing; the exertion of pressure
press	v.	exert pressure or force to or upon
press	v.	force or impel in an indicated direction
press	v.	to be oppressive or burdensome; ,
press	v.	place between two surfaces and apply weight or pressure
press	v.	squeeze or press together
press	v.	crowd closely
press	v.	create by pressing
press	v.	be urgent
press	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
press	v.	press from a plastic
press	v.	make strenuous pushing movements during birth to expel the baby
press	v.	press and smooth with a heated iron
press	v.	lift weights
press	v.	ask for or request earnestly
pressed	v.	exert pressure or force to or upon
pressed	v.	force or impel in an indicated direction
pressed	v.	to be oppressive or burdensome; ,
pressed	v.	place between two surfaces and apply weight or pressure
pressed	v.	squeeze or press together
pressed	v.	crowd closely
pressed	v.	create by pressing
pressed	v.	be urgent
pressed	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
pressed	v.	press from a plastic
pressed	v.	make strenuous pushing movements during birth to expel the baby
pressed	v.	press and smooth with a heated iron
pressed	v.	lift weights
pressed	v.	ask for or request earnestly
pressed	adj.	compacted by ironing
pressing	n.	the act of pressing; the exertion of pressure
pressing	n.	a metal or plastic part that is made by a mechanical press
pressing	v.	exert pressure or force to or upon
pressing	v.	force or impel in an indicated direction
pressing	v.	to be oppressive or burdensome; ,
pressing	v.	place between two surfaces and apply weight or pressure
pressing	v.	squeeze or press together
pressing	v.	crowd closely
pressing	v.	create by pressing
pressing	v.	be urgent
pressing	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
pressing	v.	press from a plastic
pressing	v.	make strenuous pushing movements during birth to expel the baby
pressing	v.	press and smooth with a heated iron
pressing	v.	lift weights
pressing	v.	ask for or request earnestly
pressing	adj.	compelling immediate action
pressman	n.	someone whose occupation is printing
pressman	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
pressmen	n.	someone whose occupation is printing
pressmen	n.	a journalist employed to provide news stories for newspapers or broadcast media
pressure	n.	the force applied to a unit area of surface; measured in pascals (SI unit) or in dynes (cgs unit)
pressure	n.	a force that compels
pressure	n.	the act of pressing; the exertion of pressure
pressure	n.	the state of demanding notice or attention
pressure	n.	the somatic sensation that results from applying force to an area of skin
pressure	n.	an oppressive condition of physical or mental or social or economic distress
pressure	n.	the pressure exerted by the atmosphere
pressure	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
pressure	v.	exert pressure on someone through threats
pressurize	v.	increase the pressure on a gas or liquid
pressurize	v.	maintain a certain pressure
pressurize	v.	increase the pressure in or of
prestidigitation	n.	manual dexterity in the execution of tricks
prestige	n.	a high standing achieved through success or influence or wealth etc.
prestigious	adj.	having an illustrious reputation; respected
prestigious	adj.	exerting influence by reason of high status or prestige
presto	adj.	(of tempo) very fast
presto	adv.	suddenly; - Swift
presto	adv.	at a very fast tempo (faster than allegro)
presumably	adv.	by reasonable assumption
presume	v.	take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof
presume	v.	take upon oneself; act presumptuously, without permission
presume	v.	constitute reasonable evidence for
presume	v.	take liberties or act with too much confidence
presumption	n.	an assumption that is taken for granted
presumption	n.	(law) an inference of the truth of a fact from other facts proved or admitted or judicially noticed
presumption	n.	audacious (even arrogant) behavior that you have no right to
presumption	n.	a kind of discourtesy in the form of an act of presuming
presumptive	adj.	having a reasonable basis for belief or acceptance
presumptive	adj.	affording reasonable grounds for belief or acceptance
presumptuous	adj.	excessively forward
presumptuousness	n.	audacious (even arrogant) behavior that you have no right to
presuppose	v.	take for granted or as a given; suppose beforehand
presuppose	v.	require as a necessary antecedent or precondition
presupposition	n.	the act of presupposing; a supposition made prior to having knowledge (as for the purpose of argument)
preteen	n.	a preadolescent boy or girl (usually between 9 and 12 years of age)
preteen	adj.	of or relating to or designed for children between the ages of 9 and 12
pretend	n.	the enactment of a pretense
pretend	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
pretend	v.	behave unnaturally or affectedly
pretend	v.	put forward a claim and assert right or possession of
pretend	v.	put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation
pretend	v.	represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like
pretend	v.	state insincerely
pretend	adj.	imagined as in a play
pretender	n.	a claimant to the throne or to the office of ruler (usually without just title)
pretender	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
pretender	n.	a person who professes beliefs and opinions that he or she does not hold in order to conceal his or her real feelings or motives
pretense	n.	the act of giving a false appearance
pretense	n.	pretending with intention to deceive
pretense	n.	imaginative intellectual play
pretense	n.	a false or unsupportable quality
pretense	n.	an artful or simulated semblance
pretension	n.	a false or unsupportable quality
pretension	n.	the advancing of a claim
pretension	n.	the quality of being pretentious (behaving or speaking in such a manner as to create a false appearance of great importance or worth)
pretentious	adj.	making claim to or creating an appearance of (often undeserved) importance or distinction
pretentious	adj.	intended to attract notice and impress others
pretentious	adj.	(of a display) tawdry or vulgar
pretentiousness	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
pretentiousness	n.	the quality of being pretentious (behaving or speaking in such a manner as to create a false appearance of great importance or worth)
preterit	n.	a term formerly used to refer to the simple past tense
preternatural	adj.	surpassing the ordinary or normal;  - George Will
preternatural	adj.	existing outside of or not in accordance with nature; -Aldous Huxley
pretext	n.	something serving to conceal plans; a fictitious reason that is concocted in order to conceal the real reason
pretext	n.	an artful or simulated semblance
pretoria	n.	city in the Transvaal; the seat of the executive branch of the government of South Africa
pretrial	n.	(law) a conference held before the trial begins to bring the parties together to outline discovery proceedings and to define the issues to be tried; more useful in civil than in criminal cases
prettify	v.	make more beautiful
prettily	adv.	in a pretty manner
prettiness	n.	the quality of being appealing in a delicate or graceful way (of a girl or young woman)
pretty	adj.	pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing
pretty	adj.	(used ironically) unexpectedly bad
pretty	adv.	to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
pretzel	n.	glazed and salted cracker typically in the shape of a loose knot
prevail	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
prevail	v.	be valid, applicable, or true
prevail	v.	continue to exist
prevail	v.	prove superior
prevail	v.	use persuasion successfully
prevalence	n.	the quality of prevailing generally; being widespread
prevalence	n.	(epidemiology) the ratio (for a given time period) of the number of occurrences of a disease or event to the number of units at risk in the population
prevalence	n.	a superiority in numbers or amount
prevalent	adj.	most frequent or common
prevaricate	v.	be deliberately ambiguous or unclear in order to mislead or withhold information
prevarication	n.	a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth
prevarication	n.	intentionally vague or ambiguous
prevarication	n.	the deliberate act of deviating from the truth
prevaricator	n.	a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly
prevent	v.	keep from happening or arising; make impossible
prevent	v.	stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state
preventable	adj.	capable of being prevented; - A.L.Guerard
preventative	n.	remedy that prevents or slows the course of an illness or disease
preventative	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
preventative	n.	an agent or device intended to prevent conception
preventative	adj.	tending to prevent or hinder
preventative	adj.	preventing or contributing to the prevention of disease
prevention	n.	the act of preventing
preventive	n.	remedy that prevents or slows the course of an illness or disease
preventive	n.	any obstruction that impedes or is burdensome
preventive	n.	an agent or device intended to prevent conception
preventive	adj.	preventing or contributing to the prevention of disease
preventive	adj.	tending to prevent or hinder
preview	n.	an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will appear in the near future
preview	n.	a screening for a select audience in advance of release for the general public
preview	v.	watch (a movie or play) before it is released to the general public
previous	adj.	just preceding something else in time or order
previous	adj.	(used especially of persons) of the immediate past
previous	adj.	too soon or too hasty
prevision	n.	a prophetic vision (as in a dream)
prevision	n.	the power to foresee the future
prevision	n.	seeing ahead; knowing in advance; foreseeing
prevision	n.	the act of predicting (as by reasoning about the future)
prewar	adj.	existing or belonging to a time before a war
prey	n.	a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence
prey	n.	animal hunted or caught for food
prey	v.	profit from in an exploitatory manner
prey	v.	prey on or hunt for
priam	n.	(Greek mythology) the last king of Troy; father of Hector and Paris and Cassandra
priapic	adj.	overly concerned with masculinity and male sexuality
priapic	adj.	resembling or being a phallus
price	n.	the property of having material worth (often indicated by the amount of money something would bring if sold)
price	n.	the amount of money needed to purchase something
price	n.	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something
price	n.	the high value or worth of something
price	n.	a monetary reward for helping to catch a criminal
price	n.	cost of bribing someone
price	n.	United States operatic soprano (born 1927)
price	v.	determine the price of
price	v.	ascertain or learn the price of
priceless	adj.	having incalculable monetary, intellectual, or spiritual worth
pricey	adj.	having a high price
pricier	adj.	having a high price
priciest	adj.	having a high price
prick	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
prick	n.	a depression scratched or carved into a surface
prick	n.	obscene terms for penis
prick	n.	the act of puncturing with a small point
prick	v.	make a small hole into, as with a needle or a thorn
prick	v.	cause a stinging pain
prick	v.	raise
prick	v.	stab or urge on as if with a pointed stick
prick	v.	cause a prickling sensation
prick	v.	to cause a sharp emotional pain
prick	v.	deliver a sting to
pricker	n.	a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf
pricker	n.	an awl for making small holes for brads or small screws
prickle	n.	a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf
prickle	v.	cause a prickling sensation
prickle	v.	cause a stinging or tingling sensation
prickle	v.	make a small hole into, as with a needle or a thorn
prickliness	n.	the quality of being covered with prickly thorns or spines
prickly	adj.	very irritable
prickly	adj.	having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns or setae etc.
pride	n.	a feeling of self-respect and personal worth
pride	n.	satisfaction with your (or another's) achievements
pride	n.	the trait of being spurred on by a dislike of falling below your standards
pride	n.	a group of lions
pride	n.	unreasonable and inordinate self-esteem (personified as one of the deadly sins)
pride	v.	be proud of
prideful	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
prideful	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
priest	n.	a clergyman in Christian churches who has the authority to perform or administer various religious rites; one of the Holy Orders
priest	n.	a person who performs religious duties and ceremonies in a non-Christian religion
priestess	n.	a woman priest
priesthood	n.	the body of ordained religious practitioners
priestley	n.	English chemist who isolated many gases and discovered oxygen (independently of Scheele) (1733-1804)
priestly	adj.	associated with the priesthood or priests
priestly	adj.	befitting or characteristic of a priest or the priesthood
prig	n.	a person regarded as arrogant and annoying
priggish	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
priggishness	n.	exaggerated and arrogant properness
prim	v.	assume a prim appearance
prim	v.	contract one's lips
prim	v.	dress primly
prim	adj.	affectedly dainty or refined
prim	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
primacy	n.	the state of being first in importance
primal	adj.	serving as an essential component
primal	adj.	having existed from the beginning; in an earliest or original stage or state
primarily	adv.	for the most part
primarily	adv.	of primary import
primary	n.	a preliminary election where delegates or nominees are chosen
primary	n.	one of the main flight feathers projecting along the outer edge of a bird's wing
primary	n.	(astronomy) a celestial body (especially a star) relative to other objects in orbit around it
primary	n.	coil forming the part of an electrical circuit such that changing current in it induces a current in a neighboring circuit
primary	adj.	of first rank or importance or value; direct and immediate rather than secondary
primary	adj.	not derived from or reducible to something else; basic
primary	adj.	most important element
primary	adj.	of or being the essential or basic part
primary	adj.	of primary importance
primate	n.	a senior clergyman and dignitary
primate	n.	any placental mammal of the order Primates; has good eyesight and flexible hands and feet
prime	n.	a number that has no factor but itself and 1
prime	n.	the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
prime	n.	the second canonical hour; about 6 a.m.
prime	n.	the time of maturity when power and vigor are greatest
prime	v.	insert a primer into (a gun, mine, or charge) preparatory to detonation or firing
prime	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
prime	v.	fill with priming liquid
prime	adj.	first in rank or degree
prime	adj.	used of the first or originating agent
prime	adj.	of superior grade
prime	adj.	of or relating to or being an integer that cannot be factored into other integers
prime	adj.	being at the best stage of development; - Robert Browning
primer	n.	an introductory textbook
primer	n.	any igniter that is used to initiate the burning of a propellant
primer	n.	the first or preliminary coat of paint or size applied to a surface
primeval	adj.	having existed from the beginning; in an earliest or original stage or state
priming	n.	the act of making something ready
priming	n.	any igniter that is used to initiate the burning of a propellant
priming	n.	the first or preliminary coat of paint or size applied to a surface
priming	v.	insert a primer into (a gun, mine, or charge) preparatory to detonation or firing
priming	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
priming	v.	fill with priming liquid
priming	v.	assume a prim appearance
priming	v.	contract one's lips
priming	v.	dress primly
primitive	n.	a person who belongs to an early stage of civilization
primitive	n.	a mathematical expression from which another expression is derived
primitive	n.	a word serving as the basis for inflected or derived forms
primitive	adj.	belonging to an early stage of technical development; characterized by simplicity and (often) crudeness
primitive	adj.	little evolved from or characteristic of an earlier ancestral type
primitive	adj.	used of preliterate or tribal or nonindustrial societies
primitive	adj.	of or created by one without formal training; simple or naive in style
primitiveness	n.	a wild or unrefined state
primmer	adj.	affectedly dainty or refined
primmer	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
primmest	adj.	affectedly dainty or refined
primmest	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
primness	n.	excessive or affected modesty
primness	n.	exaggerated and arrogant properness
primogenitor	n.	an ancestor in the direct line
primogeniture	n.	right of inheritance belongs exclusively to the eldest son
primordial	adj.	having existed from the beginning; in an earliest or original stage or state
primp	v.	dress or groom with elaborate care
primrose	n.	any of numerous short-stemmed plants of the genus Primula having tufted basal leaves and showy flowers clustered in umbels or heads
primula	n.	any of numerous short-stemmed plants of the genus Primula having tufted basal leaves and showy flowers clustered in umbels or heads
prince	n.	a male member of a royal family other than the sovereign (especially the son of a sovereign)
princedom	n.	the dignity or rank or position of a prince
princedom	n.	territory ruled by a prince
princely	adj.	rich and superior in quality
princely	adj.	having the rank of or befitting a prince
princess	n.	a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daughter of a sovereign)
princeton	n.	a university town in central New Jersey
princeton	n.	a university in New Jersey
principal	n.	the original amount of a debt on which interest is calculated
principal	n.	the educator who has executive authority for a school
principal	n.	an actor who plays a principal role
principal	n.	capital as contrasted with the income derived from it
principal	n.	(criminal law) any person involved in a criminal offense, regardless of whether the person profits from such involvement
principal	n.	the major party to a financial transaction at a stock exchange; buys and sells for his own account
principal	adj.	most important element
principality	n.	territory ruled by a prince
principe	n.	an island in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Sao Tome and Principe
principle	n.	a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct
principle	n.	a rule or standard especially of good behavior
principle	n.	a basic truth or law or assumption
principle	n.	a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system
principle	n.	rule of personal conduct
principle	n.	(law) an explanation of the fundamental reasons (especially an explanation of the working of some device in terms of laws of nature)
principled	adj.	based on or manifesting objectively defined standards of rightness or morality
print	n.	the text appearing in a book, newspaper, or other printed publication
print	n.	a picture or design printed from an engraving
print	n.	a visible indication made on a surface
print	n.	availability in printed form
print	n.	a copy of a movie on film (especially a particular version of it)
print	n.	a fabric with a dyed pattern pressed onto it (usually by engraved rollers)
print	n.	a printed picture produced from a photographic negative
print	v.	put into print
print	v.	write as if with print; not cursive
print	v.	make into a print
print	v.	reproduce by printing
printable	adj.	fit for publication because free of material that is morally or legally objectionable
printer	n.	someone whose occupation is printing
printer	n.	(computer science) an output device that prints the results of data processing
printer	n.	a machine that prints
printing	n.	text handwritten in the style of printed matter
printing	n.	the business of producing printed material for sale or distribution
printing	n.	reproduction by applying ink to paper as for publication
printing	n.	all the copies of a work printed at one time
printing	v.	put into print
printing	v.	write as if with print; not cursive
printing	v.	make into a print
printing	v.	reproduce by printing
printmaking	n.	artistic design and manufacture of prints as woodcuts or silkscreens
printout	n.	the output of a computer in printed form
prion	n.	(microbiology) an infectious protein particle similar to a virus but lacking nucleic acid; thought to be the agent responsible for scrapie and other degenerative diseases of the nervous system
prior	n.	the head of a religious order; in an abbey the prior is next below the abbot
prior	adj.	earlier in time
prioress	n.	the superior of a group of nuns
prioritize	v.	assign a priority to
priority	n.	status established in order of importance or urgency
priority	n.	preceding in time
priory	n.	religious residence in a monastery governed by a prior or a convent governed by a prioress
prism	n.	a polyhedron with two congruent and parallel faces (the bases) and whose lateral faces are parallelograms
prism	n.	optical device having a triangular shape and made of glass or quartz; used to deviate a beam or invert an image
prismatic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling or constituting a prism
prismatic	adj.	exhibiting spectral colors formed by refraction of light through a prism
prison	n.	a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment
prison	n.	a prisonlike situation; a place of seeming confinement
prisoner	n.	a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war
prissily	adv.	in a prissy manner
prissy	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
prissy	adj.	excessively fastidious and easily disgusted
pristine	adj.	completely free from dirt or contamination
pristine	adj.	immaculately clean and unused
privacy	n.	the quality of being secluded from the presence or view of others
privacy	n.	the condition of being concealed or hidden
private	n.	an enlisted man of the lowest rank in the Army or Marines
private	adj.	confined to particular persons or groups or providing privacy
private	adj.	concerning things deeply private and personal
private	adj.	concerning one person exclusively
private	adj.	not expressed
privateer	n.	an officer or crew member of a privateer
privateer	n.	a privately owned warship commissioned to prey on the commercial shipping or warships of an enemy nation
privation	n.	a state of extreme poverty
privation	n.	act of depriving someone of food or money or rights
privatization	n.	changing something from state to private ownership or control
privatize	v.	change from governmental to private control or ownership
privet	n.	any of various Old World shrubs having smooth entire leaves and terminal panicles of small white flowers followed by small black berries; many used for hedges
privilege	n.	a special advantage or immunity or benefit not enjoyed by all
privilege	n.	a right reserved exclusively by a particular person or group (especially a hereditary or official right)
privilege	n.	(law) the right to refuse to divulge information obtained in a confidential relationship
privilege	v.	bestow a privilege upon
privileged	v.	bestow a privilege upon
privileged	adj.	blessed with privileges
privileged	adj.	not subject to usual rules or penalties
privileged	adj.	confined to an exclusive group
privily	adv.	confidentially or in secret
privy	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
privy	n.	a small outbuilding with a bench having holes through which a user can defecate
privy	adj.	hidden from general view or use
privy	adj.	(followed by `to') informed about something secret or not generally known
prize	n.	something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for winning a lottery
prize	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
prize	n.	something given as a token of victory
prize	v.	hold dear
prize	v.	to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open; :
prize	v.	regard highly; think much of
prize	adj.	of superior grade
prized	v.	hold dear
prized	v.	to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open; :
prized	v.	regard highly; think much of
prizefight	n.	a boxing match between professional boxers for a cash prize
prizefight	v.	box for a prize or money
prizefighter	n.	a professional boxer
prizefighting	v.	box for a prize or money
prizewinning	adj.	holding first place in a contest
pro	n.	an athlete who plays for pay
pro	n.	an argument in favor of a proposal
pro	adj.	in favor of (an action or proposal etc.)
pro	adv.	in favor of a proposition, opinion, etc.
probabilistic	adj.	of or relating to the Roman Catholic philosophy of probabilism
probabilistic	adj.	of or relating to or based on probability
probability	n.	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible
probability	n.	the quality of being probable; a probable event or the most probable event
probable	n.	an applicant likely to be chosen
probable	adj.	likely but not certain to be or become true or real
probable	adj.	apparently destined
probably	adv.	with considerable certainty; without much doubt
probably	adv.	easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
probate	n.	a judicial certificate saying that a will is genuine and conferring on the executors the power to administer the estate
probate	n.	the act of proving that an instrument purporting to be a will was signed and executed in accord with legal requirements
probate	v.	put a convicted person on probation by suspending his sentence
probate	v.	establish the legal validity of (wills and other documents)
probation	n.	a trial period during which your character and abilities are tested to see whether you are suitable for work or for membership
probation	n.	a trial period during which an offender has time to redeem himself or herself
probation	n.	(law) a way of dealing with offenders without imprisoning them; a defendant found guilty of a crime is released by the court without imprisonment subject to conditions imposed by the court
probationary	adj.	under terms not final or fully worked out or agreed upon
probationer	n.	a nurse in training who is undergoing a trial period
probationer	n.	someone released on probation or on parole
probe	n.	an inquiry into unfamiliar or questionable activities
probe	n.	a flexible slender surgical instrument with a blunt end that is used to explore wounds or body cavities
probe	n.	an exploratory action or expedition
probe	n.	an investigation conducted using a flexible surgical instrument to explore an injury or a body cavity
probe	v.	question or examine thoroughly and closely
probe	v.	examine physically with or as if with a probe
probity	n.	complete and confirmed integrity; having strong moral principles
problem	n.	a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
problem	n.	a question raised for consideration or solution
problem	n.	a source of difficulty
problematic	adj.	open to doubt or debate
problematic	adj.	making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve or believe
problematical	adj.	open to doubt or debate
problematical	adj.	making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve or believe
proboscis	n.	the human nose (especially when it is large)
proboscis	n.	a long flexible snout as of an elephant
procaine	n.	a white crystalline powder (trade name Ethocaine) administered near nerves as a local anesthetic in dentistry and medicine
procedural	adj.	of or relating to procedure
procedural	adj.	relating to court practice and procedure as opposed to the principles of law
procedure	n.	a particular course of action intended to achieve a result
procedure	n.	a process or series of acts especially of a practical or mechanical nature involved in a particular form of work
procedure	n.	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program
procedure	n.	a mode of conducting legal and parliamentary proceedings
proceed	v.	continue talking;  he continued,
proceed	v.	move ahead; travel onward in time or space
proceed	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
proceed	v.	follow a certain course
proceed	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
proceeding	n.	(law) the institution of a sequence of steps by which legal judgments are invoked
proceeding	v.	continue talking;  he continued,
proceeding	v.	move ahead; travel onward in time or space
proceeding	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
proceeding	v.	follow a certain course
proceeding	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
proceeds	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
proceeds	v.	continue talking;  he continued,
proceeds	v.	move ahead; travel onward in time or space
proceeds	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
proceeds	v.	follow a certain course
proceeds	v.	continue a certain state, condition, or activity
process	n.	a particular course of action intended to achieve a result
process	n.	(psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents
process	n.	a writ issued by authority of law; usually compels the defendant's attendance in a civil suit; failure to appear results in a default judgment against the defendant
process	n.	a mental process that you are not directly aware of
process	n.	a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant
process	n.	a sustained phenomenon or one marked by gradual changes through a series of states
process	v.	subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition
process	v.	deal with in a routine way
process	v.	perform mathematical and logical operations on (data) according to programmed instructions in order to obtain the required information
process	v.	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
process	v.	march in a procession
process	v.	shape, form, or improve a material
process	v.	deliver a warrant or summons to someone
processed	v.	subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition
processed	v.	deal with in a routine way
processed	v.	perform mathematical and logical operations on (data) according to programmed instructions in order to obtain the required information
processed	v.	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
processed	v.	march in a procession
processed	v.	shape, form, or improve a material
processed	v.	deliver a warrant or summons to someone
processed	adj.	subjected to a special process or treatment
processed	adj.	freed from impurities by processing; ; ; - Shakespeare
processed	adj.	prepared or converted from a natural state by subjecting to a special process
procession	n.	(theology) the origination of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost
procession	n.	the group action of a collection of people or animals or vehicles moving ahead in more or less regular formation
procession	n.	the act of moving forward (as toward a goal)
processional	n.	religious music used in a procession
processional	adj.	intended for use in a procession
processional	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a procession
processor	n.	a business engaged in processing agricultural products and preparing them for market
processor	n.	someone who processes things (foods or photographs or applicants etc.)
processor	n.	(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing
proclamation	n.	a formal public statement
proclamation	n.	the formal act of proclaiming; giving public notice
proclivity	n.	a natural inclination
procrastinate	v.	postpone doing what one should be doing
procrastinate	v.	postpone or delay needlessly
procrastination	n.	the act of procrastinating; putting off or delaying or defering an action to a later time
procrastination	n.	slowness as a consequence of not getting around to it
procrastinator	n.	someone who postpones work (especially out of laziness or habitual carelessness)
procreate	v.	have offspring or produce more individuals of a given animal or plant
procrustean	adj.	of or relating to the mythical giant Procrustes or the mode of torture practiced by him
procrustes	n.	(Greek mythology) a mythical giant who was a thief and murderer; he would capture people and tie them to an iron bed, stretching them or hacking off their legs to make them fit; was killed by Theseus
proctor	n.	someone who supervises (an examination)
proctor	v.	watch over (students taking an exam, to prevent cheating)
procurement	n.	the act of getting possession of something
procyon	n.	the brightest star in Canis Minor
procyon	n.	the type genus of the family Procyonidae: raccoons
prod	n.	a verbalization that encourages you to attempt something
prod	n.	a pointed instrument that is used to prod into a state of motion
prod	v.	to push against gently
prod	v.	urge on; cause to act
prod	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
prodigal	n.	a recklessly extravagant consumer
prodigal	adj.	recklessly wasteful
prodigality	n.	the trait of spending extravagantly
prodigality	n.	excessive spending
prodigious	adj.	so great in size or force or extent as to elicit awe
prodigious	adj.	of momentous or ominous significance; - Herman Melville
prodigious	adj.	far beyond what is usual in magnitude or degree
prodigy	n.	an unusually gifted or intelligent (young) person; someone whose talents excite wonder and admiration
prodigy	n.	a sign of something about to happen
prodigy	n.	an impressive or wonderful example of a particular quality
produce	n.	fresh fruits and vegetable grown for the market
produce	v.	bring forth or yield
produce	v.	create or manufacture a man-made product
produce	v.	cause to happen, occur or exist
produce	v.	bring out for display
produce	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
produce	v.	bring onto the market or release
produce	v.	come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)
producer	n.	someone who manufactures something
producer	n.	someone who finds financing for and supervises the making and presentation of a show (play or film or program or similar work)
producer	n.	something that produces
production	n.	the act or process of producing something
production	n.	a presentation for the stage or screen or radio or television
production	n.	an artifact that has been created by someone or some process
production	n.	(law) the act of exhibiting in a court of law
production	n.	the quantity of something (as a commodity) that is created (usually within a given period of time)
production	n.	a display that is exaggerated or unduly complicated
production	n.	(economics) manufacturing or mining or growing something (usually in large quantities) for sale
production	n.	the creation of value or wealth by producing goods and services
productive	adj.	producing or capable of producing (especially abundantly)
productive	adj.	having the ability to produce or originate
productive	adj.	yielding positive results
productive	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
productiveness	n.	the quality of being productive or having the power to produce
productivity	n.	the quality of being productive or having the power to produce
productivity	n.	(economics) the ratio of the quantity and quality of units produced to the labor per unit of time
prof	n.	someone who is a member of the faculty at a college or university
profanation	n.	blasphemous behavior; the act of depriving something of its sacred character
profanation	n.	degradation of something worthy of respect; cheapening
profane	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
profane	v.	violate the sacred character of a place or language
profane	adj.	characterized by profanity or cursing
profane	adj.	not concerned with or devoted to religion; ; ; ,
profane	adj.	not holy because unconsecrated or impure or defiled
profane	adj.	grossly irreverent toward what is held to be sacred
profaneness	n.	an attitude of irreverence or contempt for a divinity
profaneness	n.	unholiness by virtue of being profane
profanity	n.	vulgar or irreverent speech or action
professed	v.	practice as a profession, teach, or claim to be knowledgeable about
professed	v.	confess one's faith in, or allegiance to
professed	v.	admit (to a wrongdoing)
professed	v.	state freely
professed	v.	receive into a religious order or congregation
professed	v.	take vows, as in religious order
professed	v.	state insincerely
professed	adj.	professing to be qualified
professed	adj.	claimed with intent to deceive
professed	adj.	openly declared as such
profession	n.	the body of people in a learned occupation
profession	n.	an occupation requiring special education (especially in the liberal arts or sciences)
profession	n.	an open avowal (true or false) of some belief or opinion
profession	n.	affirmation of acceptance of some religion or faith
professional	n.	a person engaged in one of the learned professions
professional	n.	an athlete who plays for pay
professional	n.	an authority qualified to teach apprentices
professional	adj.	engaged in a profession or engaging in as a profession or means of livelihood
professional	adj.	of or relating to or suitable as a profession
professional	adj.	characteristic of or befitting a profession or one engaged in a profession
professional	adj.	of or relating to a profession
professional	adj.	engaged in by members of a profession
professionalism	n.	the expertness characteristic of a professional person
professionalization	n.	the social process whereby people come to engage in an activity for pay or as a means of livelihood
professionalize	v.	become professional or proceed in a professional manner or in an activity for pay or as a means of livelihood
professionalize	v.	make professional or give a professional character to
professor	n.	someone who is a member of the faculty at a college or university
professorial	adj.	relating to or characteristic of professors
professorship	n.	the position of professor
proffer	n.	a proposal offered for acceptance or rejection
proffer	v.	present for acceptance or rejection
proficiency	n.	the quality of having great facility and competence
proficiency	n.	skillfulness in the command of fundamentals deriving from practice and familiarity
proficient	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
proficient	adj.	of or relating to technique or proficiency in a practical skill
profit	n.	the excess of revenues over outlays in a given period of time (including depreciation and other non-cash expenses)
profit	n.	the advantageous quality of being beneficial
profit	v.	derive a benefit from
profit	v.	make a profit; gain money or materially
profitability	n.	the quality of affording gain or benefit or profit
profitable	adj.	yielding material gain or profit
profitably	adv.	in a productive way
profiteer	n.	someone who makes excessive profit (especially on goods in short supply)
profiteer	v.	make an unreasonable profit, as on the sale of difficult to obtain goods
profiteering	v.	make an unreasonable profit, as on the sale of difficult to obtain goods
profiterole	n.	a small hollow pastry that is typically filled with cream and covered with chocolate
profitless	adj.	without profit or reward; - D.D.Eisenhower; - Shakespeare
profligacy	n.	the trait of spending extravagantly
profligacy	n.	dissolute indulgence in sensual pleasure
profligate	n.	a dissolute man in fashionable society
profligate	n.	a recklessly extravagant consumer
profligate	adj.	recklessly wasteful
profligate	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
profound	adj.	showing intellectual penetration or emotional depth
profound	adj.	of the greatest intensity; complete
profound	adj.	far-reaching and thoroughgoing in effect especially on the nature of something
profound	adj.	coming from deep within one
profound	adj.	(of sleep) deep and complete
profound	adj.	situated at or extending to great depth; too deep to have been sounded or plumbed; ; -Thomas Gray
profoundness	n.	extremeness of degree
profoundness	n.	wisdom that is recondite and abstruse and profound
profoundness	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
profoundness	n.	the quality of being physically deep
profoundness	n.	intellectual depth; penetrating knowledge; keen insight; etc
profundity	n.	wisdom that is recondite and abstruse and profound
profundity	n.	intellectual depth; penetrating knowledge; keen insight; etc
profundity	n.	the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
profundity	n.	the quality of being physically deep
profuse	adj.	produced or growing in extreme abundance
profuseness	n.	the property of being extremely abundant
progenitor	n.	an ancestor in the direct line
progeny	n.	the immediate descendants of a person
progesterone	n.	a steroid hormone (trade name Lipo-Lutin) produced in the ovary; prepares and maintains the uterus for pregnancy
progestin	n.	any of a group of steroid hormones that have the effect of progesterone
prognathous	adj.	having a projecting lower jaw
prognoses	n.	a prediction about how something (as the weather) will develop
prognoses	n.	a prediction of the course of a disease
prognosis	n.	a prediction about how something (as the weather) will develop
prognosis	n.	a prediction of the course of a disease
prognostic	n.	a sign of something about to happen
prognostic	adj.	of or relating to prediction; having value for making predictions
prognosticate	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
prognosticate	v.	indicate by signs
prognostication	n.	a sign of something about to happen
prognostication	n.	a statement made about the future
prognostication	n.	knowledge of the future (usually said to be obtained from a divine source)
prognosticator	n.	someone who makes predictions of the future (usually on the basis of special knowledge)
program	n.	a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished
program	n.	a system of projects or services intended to meet a public need
program	n.	a radio or television show
program	n.	a document stating the aims and principles of a political party
program	n.	an announcement of the events that will occur as part of a theatrical or sporting event
program	n.	an integrated course of academic studies
program	n.	(computer science) a sequence of instructions that a computer can interpret and execute
program	n.	a performance (or series of performances) at a public presentation
program	v.	arrange a program of or for
program	v.	write a computer program
programmed	v.	arrange a program of or for
programmed	v.	write a computer program
programmer	n.	a person who designs and writes and tests computer programs
programming	n.	setting an order and time for planned events
programming	n.	creating a sequence of instructions to enable the computer to do something
programming	v.	arrange a program of or for
programming	v.	write a computer program
progress	n.	gradual improvement or growth or development
progress	n.	the act of moving forward (as toward a goal)
progress	n.	a movement forward
progress	v.	develop in a positive way
progress	v.	move forward, also in the metaphorical sense
progress	v.	form or accumulate steadily
progression	n.	a series with a definite pattern of advance
progression	n.	a movement forward
progression	n.	the act of moving forward (as toward a goal)
progressive	n.	a tense of verbs used in describing action that is on-going
progressive	n.	a person who favors a political philosophy of progress and reform and the protection of civil liberties
progressive	adj.	favoring or promoting progress
progressive	adj.	favoring or promoting reform (often by government action)
progressive	adj.	(of taxes) adjusted so that the rate increases as the amount of income increases
progressive	adj.	gradually advancing in extent
progressive	adj.	(of a card game or a dance) involving a series of sections for which the participants successively change place or relative position
progressive	adj.	advancing in severity
progressiveness	n.	advancement toward better conditions or policies or methods
prohibit	v.	command against
prohibition	n.	a law forbidding the sale of alcoholic beverages
prohibition	n.	a decree that prohibits something
prohibition	n.	the period from 1920 to 1933 when the sale of alcoholic beverages was prohibited in the United States by a constitutional amendment
prohibition	n.	refusal to approve or assent to
prohibition	n.	the action of prohibiting or inhibiting or forbidding (or an instance thereof)
prohibitionist	n.	a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages
prohibitive	adj.	tending to discourage (especially of prices)
prohibitory	adj.	tending to discourage (especially of prices)
project	n.	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted
project	n.	a planned undertaking
project	v.	communicate vividly
project	v.	extend out or project in space
project	v.	transfer (ideas or principles) from one domain into another
project	v.	project on a screen
project	v.	cause to be heard
project	v.	draw a projection of
project	v.	make or work out a plan for; devise
project	v.	present for consideration, examination, criticism, etc.
project	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
project	v.	put or send forth
project	v.	throw, send, or cast forward
project	v.	regard as objective
projectile	n.	a weapon that is forcibly thrown or projected at a targets but is not self-propelled
projectile	n.	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine
projectile	adj.	impelling or impelled forward
projection	n.	a prediction made by extrapolating from past observations
projection	n.	the projection of an image from a film onto a screen
projection	n.	a planned undertaking
projection	n.	any structure that branches out from a central support
projection	n.	any solid convex shape that juts out from something
projection	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism by which your own traits and emotions are attributed to someone else
projection	n.	the acoustic phenomenon that gives sound a penetrating quality
projection	n.	the representation of a figure or solid on a plane as it would look from a particular direction
projection	n.	the act of projecting out from something
projection	n.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting
projectionist	n.	the person who operates the projector in a movie house
projector	n.	an optical device for projecting a beam of light
projector	n.	an optical instrument that projects an enlarged image onto a screen
prokaryote	n.	a unicellular organism having cells lacking membrane-bound nuclei; bacteria are the prime example but also included are blue-green algae and actinomycetes and mycoplasma
prokaryotic	adj.	having cells that lack membrane-bound nuclei
prokofiev	n.	Russian composer of ballets and symphonies and operas (1891-1953)
prole	n.	a member of the working class (not necessarily employed)
proletarian	n.	a member of the working class (not necessarily employed)
proletarian	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of the proletariat
proletariat	n.	a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages
proliferate	v.	grow rapidly
proliferate	v.	cause to grow or increase rapidly
proliferation	n.	growth by the rapid multiplication of parts
proliferation	n.	a rapid increase in number (especially a rapid increase in the number of deadly weapons)
prolific	adj.	intellectually productive
prolific	adj.	bearing in abundance especially offspring
prolix	adj.	tediously prolonged or tending to speak or write at great length
prolixity	n.	boring verbosity
prologue	n.	an introduction to a play
prolongation	n.	the act of prolonging something
prolongation	n.	amount or degree or range to which something extends
prolongation	n.	the consequence of being lengthened in duration
prom	n.	a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year
promenade	n.	a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year
promenade	n.	a public area set aside as a pedestrian walk
promenade	n.	a square dance figure; couples march counterclockwise in a circle
promenade	n.	a march of all the guests at the opening of a formal dance
promenade	n.	a leisurely walk (usually in some public place)
promenade	v.	march in a procession
promenade	v.	take a leisurely walk
prometheus	n.	(Greek mythology) the Titan who stole fire from Olympus and gave it to mankind; Zeus punished him by chaining him to a rock where an eagle gnawed at his liver until Hercules rescued him
promethium	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the rare earth group having no stable isotope; was discovered in radioactive form as a fission product of uranium
prominence	n.	the state of being prominent: widely known or eminent
prominence	n.	relative importance
prominence	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
prominent	adj.	having a quality that thrusts itself into attention
prominent	adj.	conspicuous in position or importance
promiscuity	n.	indulging in promiscuous (casual and indiscriminate) sexual relations
promiscuous	adj.	not selective of a single class or person
promiscuous	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
promise	n.	a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) something in the future
promise	n.	grounds for feeling hopeful about the future
promise	v.	make a promise or commitment
promise	v.	promise to undertake or give
promise	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
promise	v.	give grounds for expectations
promising	v.	make a promise or commitment
promising	v.	promise to undertake or give
promising	v.	make a prediction about; tell in advance
promising	v.	give grounds for expectations
promising	adj.	showing possibility of achievement or excellence
promising	adj.	full or promise
promissory	adj.	relating to or having the character of a promise
promontory	n.	a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea)
promote	v.	contribute to the progress or growth of
promote	v.	give a promotion to or assign to a higher position
promote	v.	make publicity for; try to sell (a product)
promote	v.	be changed for a superior chess or checker piece
promote	v.	change a pawn for a better piece by advancing it to the eighth row, or change a checker piece for a more valuable piece by moving it to the row closest to your opponent
promoter	n.	someone who is an active supporter and advocate
promoter	n.	a sponsor who books and stages public entertainments
promotional	adj.	of or relating to serving as publicity
promotional	adj.	of or relating to advancement
prompt	n.	a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken)
prompt	n.	(computer science) a symbol that appears on the computer screen to indicate that the computer is ready to receive a command
prompt	v.	give an incentive for action
prompt	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
prompt	v.	assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned
prompt	adj.	according to schedule or without delay; on time
prompt	adj.	ready and willing or quick to act
prompt	adj.	performed with little or no delay
prompted	v.	give an incentive for action
prompted	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
prompted	v.	assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned
prompter	n.	someone who assists a performer by providing the next words of a forgotten speech
prompter	n.	a device that displays words for people to read
prompting	n.	persuasion formulated as a suggestion
prompting	n.	a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken)
prompting	v.	give an incentive for action
prompting	v.	serve as the inciting cause of
prompting	v.	assist (somebody acting or reciting) by suggesting the next words of something forgotten or imperfectly learned
promptitude	n.	the characteristic of doing things without delay
promptness	n.	the characteristic of doing things without delay
promptness	n.	the quality or habit of adhering to an appointed time
promulgate	v.	state or announce
promulgate	v.	put a law into effect by formal declaration
promulgation	n.	a public statement containing information about an event that has happened or is going to happen
promulgation	n.	the official announcement of a new law or ordinance whereby the law or ordinance is put into effect
promulgation	n.	the formal act of proclaiming; giving public notice
promulgator	n.	(law) one who promulgates laws (announces a law as a way of putting it into execution)
prone	adj.	having a tendency (to); often used in combination
prone	adj.	lying face downward
proneness	n.	being disposed to do something
prong	n.	a pointed projection
pronghorn	n.	fleet antelope-like ruminant of western North American plains with small branched horns
pronominal	n.	a phrase that functions as a pronoun
pronominal	adj.	relating to pronouns
pronounce	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
pronounce	v.	pronounce judgment on
pronounceable	adj.	capable of being uttered or pronounced
pronouncement	n.	an authoritative declaration
pronto	adv.	in a punctual manner
pronunciation	n.	the manner in which someone utters a word
pronunciation	n.	the way a word or a language is customarily spoken
proof	n.	any factual evidence that helps to establish the truth of something
proof	n.	a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it
proof	n.	a measure of alcoholic strength expressed as an integer twice the percentage of alcohol present (by volume)
proof	n.	(printing) an impression made to check for errors
proof	n.	a trial photographic print from a negative
proof	n.	the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something
proof	v.	make or take a proof of, such as a photographic negative, an etching, or typeset
proof	v.	knead to reach proper lightness
proof	v.	read for errors
proof	v.	activate by mixing with water and sometimes sugar or milk
proof	v.	make resistant (to harm)
proof	adj.	(used in combination or as a suffix) able to withstand
proofread	v.	read for errors
proofreader	n.	someone who reads proof in order to find errors and mark corrections
prop	n.	a support placed beneath or against something to keep it from shaking or falling
prop	n.	any movable articles or objects used on the set of a play or movie
prop	n.	a propeller that rotates to push against air
prop	v.	support by placing against something solid or rigid
propaganda	n.	information that is spread for the purpose of promoting some cause
propagandist	n.	a person who disseminates messages calculated to assist some cause or some government
propagandist	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by propaganda
propagandize	v.	subject to propaganda
propagandize	v.	spread by propaganda
propagate	v.	transmit from one generation to the next
propagate	v.	travel through the air
propagate	v.	transmit
propagate	v.	become distributed or widespread
propagate	v.	transmit or cause to broaden or spread
propagate	v.	cause to become widely known
propagate	v.	cause to propagate, as by grafting or layering
propagate	v.	multiply sexually or asexually
propagation	n.	the spreading of something (a belief or practice) into new regions
propagation	n.	the act of producing offspring or multiplying by such production
propagation	n.	the movement of a wave through a medium
propagator	n.	someone who propagates plants (as under glass)
propagator	n.	someone who spreads the news
propel	v.	cause to move forward with force
propel	v.	give an incentive for action
propellant	n.	any substance that propels
propellant	adj.	tending to or capable of propelling
propelled	v.	cause to move forward with force
propelled	v.	give an incentive for action
propeller	n.	a mechanical device that rotates to push against air or water
propelling	v.	cause to move forward with force
propelling	v.	give an incentive for action
propelling	adj.	tending to or capable of propelling
propensity	n.	an inclination to do something
propensity	n.	a natural inclination
propensity	n.	a disposition to behave in a certain way
proper	adj.	marked by suitability or rightness or appropriateness
proper	adj.	having all the qualities typical of the thing specified
proper	adj.	limited to the thing specified
proper	adj.	appropriate for a condition or purpose or occasion or a person's character, needs
property	n.	something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone
property	n.	a basic or essential attribute shared by all members of a class
property	n.	any area set aside for a particular purpose
property	n.	a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished
property	n.	any movable articles or objects used on the set of a play or movie
prophecy	n.	knowledge of the future (usually said to be obtained from a divine source)
prophecy	n.	a prediction uttered under divine inspiration
prophesier	n.	an authoritative person who divines the future
prophesy	v.	predict or reveal through, or as if through, divine inspiration
prophesy	v.	deliver a sermon
prophet	n.	an authoritative person who divines the future
prophet	n.	someone who speaks by divine inspiration; someone who is an interpreter of the will of God
prophetess	n.	a woman prophet
prophetic	adj.	foretelling events as if by supernatural intervention
prophetical	adj.	foretelling events as if by supernatural intervention
prophets	n.	the second of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures
prophets	n.	an authoritative person who divines the future
prophets	n.	someone who speaks by divine inspiration; someone who is an interpreter of the will of God
prophylactic	n.	remedy that prevents or slows the course of an illness or disease
prophylactic	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
prophylactic	adj.	capable of preventing conception or impregnation
prophylactic	adj.	warding off; - Victor Schultze
prophylactic	adj.	preventing or contributing to the prevention of disease
prophylaxis	n.	the prevention of disease
propinquity	n.	the property of being close together
propitiate	v.	make peace with
propitiation	n.	the act of placating and overcoming distrust and animosity
propitiation	n.	the act of atoning for sin or wrongdoing (especially appeasing a deity)
propitiatory	adj.	having power to atone for or offered by way of expiation or propitiation
propitiatory	adj.	intended to reconcile or appease
propitious	adj.	presenting favorable circumstances; likely to result in or show signs of success
proponent	n.	a person who pleads for a cause or propounds an idea
proportion	n.	the quotient obtained when the magnitude of a part is divided by the magnitude of the whole
proportion	n.	magnitude or extent
proportion	n.	balance among the parts of something
proportion	n.	the relation between things (or parts of things) with respect to their comparative quantity, magnitude, or degree
proportion	n.	harmonious arrangement or relation of parts or elements within a whole (as in a design); - John Ruskin
proportion	v.	give pleasant proportions to
proportion	v.	adjust in size relative to other things
proportional	n.	one of the quantities in a mathematical proportion
proportional	adj.	properly related in size or degree or other measurable characteristics; usually followed by `to'
proportional	adj.	having a constant ratio
proportionality	n.	a ratio of two quantities that is constant
proportionality	n.	harmonious arrangement or relation of parts or elements within a whole (as in a design); - John Ruskin
proportionate	adj.	being in due proportion
proportionate	adj.	agreeing in amount, magnitude, or degree
proportionate	adj.	exhibiting equivalence or correspondence among constituents of an entity or between different entities
proposal	n.	something proposed (such as a plan or assumption)
proposal	n.	an offer of marriage
proposal	n.	the act of making a proposal
propped	v.	support by placing against something solid or rigid
propping	v.	support by placing against something solid or rigid
proprietary	n.	an unincorporated business owned by a single person who is responsible for its liabilities and entitled to its profits
proprietary	adj.	protected by trademark or patent or copyright; made or produced or distributed by one having exclusive rights
proprieties	n.	correct or appropriate behavior
proprietor	n.	(law) someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business
proprietorship	n.	an unincorporated business owned by a single person who is responsible for its liabilities and entitled to its profits
proprietress	n.	a woman proprietor
propriety	n.	correct or appropriate behavior
propulsion	n.	a propelling force
propulsion	n.	the act of propelling
propulsive	adj.	having the power to propel
propulsive	adj.	tending to or capable of propelling
prorate	v.	make a proportional settlement or distribution
prorate	v.	divide or assess proportionally
prorogation	n.	discontinuation of the meeting (of a legislative body) without dissolving it
prorogue	v.	hold back to a later time
prorogue	v.	adjourn by royal prerogative; without dissolving the legislative body
prosaic	adj.	not fanciful or imaginative
prosaic	adj.	lacking wit or imagination
prosaic	adj.	not challenging; dull and lacking excitement
prosaically	adv.	in a matter-of-fact manner
proscenium	n.	the part of a modern theater stage between the curtain and the orchestra (i.e., in front of the curtain)
proscenium	n.	the wall that separates the stage from the auditorium in a modern theater
prosciutto	n.	Italian salt-cured ham usually sliced paper thin
proscribe	v.	command against
proscription	n.	a decree that prohibits something
proscription	n.	rejection by means of an act of banishing or proscribing someone
prose	n.	ordinary writing as distinguished from verse
prose	n.	matter of fact, commonplace, or dull expression
prosecute	v.	conduct a prosecution in a court of law
prosecute	v.	bring a criminal action against (in a trial)
prosecute	v.	carry out or participate in an activity; be involved in
prosecution	n.	the institution and conduct of legal proceedings against a defendant for criminal behavior
prosecution	n.	the lawyers acting for the state to put the case against the defendant
prosecution	n.	the continuance of something begun with a view to its completion
prosecutor	n.	a government official who conducts criminal prosecutions on behalf of the state
proselyte	n.	a new convert; especially a gentile converted to Judaism
proselytism	n.	the practice of proselytizing
proselytism	n.	the state of being a proselyte; spiritual rebirth resulting from the zeal of crusading advocacy of the gospel
proselytize	v.	convert to another faith or religion
proserpina	n.	goddess of the underworld; counterpart of Greek Persephone
proserpine	n.	goddess of the underworld; counterpart of Greek Persephone
prosody	n.	the patterns of stress and intonation in a language
prosody	n.	(prosody) a system of versification
prosody	n.	the study of poetic meter and the art of versification
prospect	n.	the possibility of future success
prospect	n.	belief about (or mental picture of) the future
prospect	n.	someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc.)
prospect	n.	the visual percept of a region
prospect	n.	a prediction of the course of a disease
prospect	v.	search for something desirable
prospect	v.	explore for useful or valuable things or substances, such as minerals
prospective	adj.	of or concerned with or related to the future
prospector	n.	someone who explores an area for mineral deposits
prospectus	n.	a formal written offer to sell securities (filed with the SEC) that sets forth a plan for a (proposed) business enterprise
prospectus	n.	a catalog listing the courses offered by a college or university
prosper	v.	make steady progress; be at the high point in one's career or reach a high point in historical significance or importance
prosperity	n.	an economic state of growth with rising profits and full employment
prosperity	n.	the condition of prospering; having good fortune
prosperous	adj.	in fortunate circumstances financially; moderately rich
prosperous	adj.	very lively and profitable
prosperous	adj.	marked by peace and prosperity
prosperous	adj.	presaging or likely to bring good luck
prostate	n.	a firm partly muscular chestnut sized gland in males at the neck of the urethra; produces a viscid secretion that is the fluid part of semen
prostate	adj.	relating to the prostate gland
prostheses	n.	corrective consisting of a replacement for a part of the body
prosthesis	n.	corrective consisting of a replacement for a part of the body
prosthetic	adj.	of or relating to prosthetics
prosthetic	adj.	relating to or serving as a prosthesis
prostitute	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
prostitute	v.	sell one's body; exchange sex for money
prostitution	n.	offering sexual intercourse for pay
prostrate	v.	get into a prostrate position, as in submission
prostrate	v.	render helpless or defenseless
prostrate	v.	throw down flat, as on the ground
prostrate	adj.	stretched out and lying at full length along the ground
prostrate	adj.	lying face downward
prostration	n.	an abrupt failure of function or complete physical exhaustion
prostration	n.	abject submission; the emotional equivalent of prostrating your body
prostration	n.	the act of assuming a prostrate position
prosy	adj.	lacking wit or imagination
protactinium	n.	a short-lived radioactive metallic element formed from uranium and disintegrating into actinium and then into lead
protagonist	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
protagonist	n.	the principal character in a work of fiction
protean	adj.	taking on different forms
protect	v.	shield from danger, injury, destruction, or damage
protect	v.	use tariffs to favor domestic industry
protected	v.	shield from danger, injury, destruction, or damage
protected	v.	use tariffs to favor domestic industry
protected	adj.	kept safe or defended from danger or injury or loss
protected	adj.	guarded from injury or destruction
protection	n.	the activity of protecting someone or something
protection	n.	a covering that is intend to protect from damage or injury
protection	n.	defense against financial failure; financial independence
protection	n.	the condition of being protected
protection	n.	kindly endorsement and guidance
protection	n.	the imposition of duties or quotas on imports in order to protect domestic industry against foreign competition
protection	n.	payment extorted by gangsters on threat of violence
protectionism	n.	the policy of imposing duties or quotas on imports in order to protect home industries from overseas competition
protectionist	n.	an advocate of protectionism
protective	adj.	intended or adapted to afford protection of some kind
protective	adj.	showing care
protective	adj.	(usually followed by `of') solicitously caring or mindful
protectiveness	n.	a feeling of protective affection
protectiveness	n.	the quality of providing protection
protector	n.	a person who cares for persons or property
protectorate	n.	a state or territory partly controlled by (but not a possession of) a stronger state but autonomous in internal affairs; protectorates are established by treaty
protege	n.	a person who receives support and protection from an influential patron who furthers the protege's career
protegee	n.	a woman protege
protein	n.	any of a large group of nitrogenous organic compounds that are essential constituents of living cells; consist of polymers of amino acids; essential in the diet of animals for growth and for repair of tissues; can be obtained from meat and eggs and milk and legumes
proterozoic	n.	from 2,500 to 544 million years ago; bacteria and fungi; primitive multicellular organisms
proterozoic	adj.	formed in the later of two divisions of the Precambrian era
protestant	n.	an adherent of Protestantism
protestant	n.	the Protestant churches and denominations collectively
protestant	adj.	of or relating to Protestants or Protestantism
protestant	adj.	protesting
protestantism	n.	the theological system of any of the churches of western Christendom that separated from the Roman Catholic Church during the Reformation
protestation	n.	a formal and solemn declaration of objection
protestation	n.	a strong declaration of protest
proteus	n.	(Greek mythology) a prophetic god who served Poseidon; was capable of changing his shape at will
proteus	n.	type genus of the Proteidae
protocol	n.	(computer science) rules determining the format and transmission of data
protocol	n.	forms of ceremony and etiquette observed by diplomats and heads of state
protocol	n.	code of correct conduct
proton	n.	a stable particle with positive charge equal to the negative charge of an electron
protoplasm	n.	the substance of a living cell (including cytoplasm and nucleus)
prototype	n.	a standard or typical example
prototypical	adj.	representing or constituting an original type after which other similar things are patterned
protozoa	n.	in some classifications considered a superphylum or a subkingdom; comprises flagellates; ciliates; sporozoans; amoebas; foraminifers
protozoa	n.	any of diverse minute acellular or unicellular organisms usually nonphotosynthetic
protozoan	n.	any of diverse minute acellular or unicellular organisms usually nonphotosynthetic
protozoan	adj.	of or relating to the Protozoa
protozoic	adj.	of or relating to the Protozoa
protract	v.	lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer
protrude	v.	extend out or project in space
protrude	v.	bulge outward
protrude	v.	swell or protrude outwards
protrusile	adj.	capable of being thrust forward, as the tongue
protrusion	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
protrusion	n.	the act of projecting out from something
protuberance	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
protuberance	n.	the condition of being protuberant; the condition of bulging out
protuberant	adj.	curving outward
proud	adj.	feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self-worth; or being a reason for pride
proud	adj.	having or displaying great dignity or nobility
proudhon	n.	French socialist who argued that property is theft (1809-1865)
proust	n.	French novelist (1871-1922)
provability	n.	capability of being demonstrated or logically proved
provably	adv.	in an obvious and provable manner
prove	v.	be shown or be found to be
prove	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
prove	v.	provide evidence for
prove	v.	prove formally; demonstrate by a mathematical, formal proof
prove	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
prove	v.	increase in volume
prove	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
prove	v.	take a trial impression of
prove	v.	obtain probate of
proved	v.	be shown or be found to be
proved	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
proved	v.	provide evidence for
proved	v.	prove formally; demonstrate by a mathematical, formal proof
proved	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
proved	v.	increase in volume
proved	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
proved	v.	take a trial impression of
proved	v.	obtain probate of
proved	adj.	established beyond doubt
proven	v.	be shown or be found to be
proven	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
proven	v.	provide evidence for
proven	v.	prove formally; demonstrate by a mathematical, formal proof
proven	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
proven	v.	increase in volume
proven	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
proven	v.	take a trial impression of
proven	v.	obtain probate of
proven	adj.	established beyond doubt
provenance	n.	where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence
provencal	n.	the medieval dialects of Langue d'oc (southern France)
provencal	adj.	of or relating to Provence or its people or their culture
provence	n.	a former province of southeastern France; now administered with Cote d'Azur
provender	n.	food for domestic livestock
provender	n.	a stock or supply of foods
provenience	n.	where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence
proverbial	adj.	of or relating to or resembling or expressed in a proverb
proverbial	adj.	widely known and spoken of
proverbs	n.	an Old Testament book consisting of proverbs from various Israeli sages (including Solomon)
proverbs	n.	a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact of experience that is taken as true by many people
provide	v.	give something useful or necessary to
provide	v.	give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance
provide	v.	determine (what is to happen in certain contingencies), especially by including a proviso condition or stipulation
provide	v.	mount or put up
provide	v.	make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain
provide	v.	supply means of subsistence; earn a living
provide	v.	take measures in preparation for
provided	v.	give something useful or necessary to
provided	v.	give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance
provided	v.	determine (what is to happen in certain contingencies), especially by including a proviso condition or stipulation
provided	v.	mount or put up
provided	v.	make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain
provided	v.	supply means of subsistence; earn a living
provided	v.	take measures in preparation for
providence	n.	the capital and largest city of Rhode Island; located in northeastern Rhode Island on Narragansett Bay; site of Brown University
providence	n.	the guardianship and control exercised by a deity
providence	n.	a manifestation of God's foresightful care for his creatures
providence	n.	the prudence and care exercised by someone in the management of resources
provident	adj.	providing carefully for the future
provident	adj.	careful in regard to your own interests
providential	adj.	peculiarly fortunate or appropriate; as if by divine intervention
providential	adj.	relating to or characteristic of providence; - M.R.Cohen
providential	adj.	resulting from divine providence
provider	n.	someone whose business is to supply a particular service or commodity
provider	n.	someone who provides the means for subsistence
province	n.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation
province	n.	the proper sphere or extent of your activities
provincial	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) an official in charge of an ecclesiastical province acting under the superior general of a religious order
provincial	n.	a country person
provincial	adj.	of or associated with a province
provincial	adj.	characteristic of the provinces or their people
provincialism	n.	a lack of sophistication
provincialism	n.	a partiality for some particular place
provisional	adj.	under terms not final or fully worked out or agreed upon
proviso	n.	a stipulated condition
provo	n.	a city in north central Utah settled by Mormons
provocateur	n.	a secret agent who incites suspected persons to commit illegal acts
provocative	adj.	serving or tending to provoke, excite, or stimulate; stimulating discussion or exciting controversy; ; ; - Anthony Trollope
provocative	adj.	exciting sexual desire
provoke	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
provoke	v.	evoke or provoke to appear or occur
provoke	v.	provide the needed stimulus for
provoke	v.	annoy continually or chronically
provoked	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
provoked	v.	evoke or provoke to appear or occur
provoked	v.	provide the needed stimulus for
provoked	v.	annoy continually or chronically
provoked	adj.	incited, especially deliberately, to anger
provoker	n.	someone who deliberately foments trouble
provoking	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
provoking	v.	evoke or provoke to appear or occur
provoking	v.	provide the needed stimulus for
provoking	v.	annoy continually or chronically
provoking	adj.	causing or tending to cause anger or resentment
provost	n.	a high-ranking university administrator
prow	n.	front part of a vessel or aircraft
prowess	n.	a superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation
prowl	n.	the act of prowling (walking about in a stealthy manner)
prowl	v.	move about in or as if in a predatory manner
prowl	v.	loiter about, with no apparent aim
prowler	n.	someone who prowls or sneaks about; usually with unlawful intentions
proximal	adj.	situated nearest to point of attachment or origin
proximate	adj.	closest in degree or order (space or time) especially in a chain of causes and effects
proximate	adj.	very close in space or time
proximity	n.	the property of being close together
proximity	n.	the region close around a person or thing
proximity	n.	a Gestalt principle of organization holding that (other things being equal) objects or events that are near to one another (in space or time) are perceived as belonging together as a unit
proxy	n.	a person authorized to act for another
proxy	n.	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting
prozac	n.	a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade names Prozac or Sarafem); it is thought to work by increasing the activity of serotonin in the brain
prude	n.	a person excessively concerned about propriety and decorum
prudence	n.	discretion in practical affairs
prudence	n.	knowing how to avoid embarrassment or distress
prudent	adj.	careful and sensible; marked by sound judgment
prudential	adj.	arising from or characterized by prudence especially in business matters
prudery	n.	excessive or affected modesty
prudish	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
prudishness	n.	excessive or affected modesty
prune	n.	dried plum
prune	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
prune	v.	weed out unwanted or unnecessary things
pruner	n.	a worker who thins out and trims trees and shrubs
pruner	n.	a long-handled pruning saw with a curved blade at the end and sometimes a clipper; used to prune small trees
prurience	n.	feeling morbid sexual desire or a propensity to lewdness
prurient	adj.	characterized by lust
prussia	n.	a former kingdom in north-central Europe including present-day northern Germany and northern Poland
prussian	n.	a German inhabitant of Prussia
prussian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Prussia or its inhabitants
pry	n.	a heavy iron lever with one end forged into a wedge
pry	v.	to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open; :
pry	v.	be nosey
pry	v.	search or inquire in a meddlesome way
pry	v.	make an uninvited or presumptuous inquiry
ps	n.	a note appended to a letter after the signature
ps	n.	a multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen family that occurs commonly in inorganic phosphate rocks and as organic phosphates in all living cells; is highly reactive and occurs in several allotropic forms
ps	n.	the 16th letter of the Roman alphabet
psalm	n.	one of the 150 lyrical poems and prayers that comprise the Book of Psalms in the Old Testament; said to have been written by David
psalm	n.	any sacred song used to praise the deity
psalm	v.	sing or celebrate in psalms
psalmist	n.	a composer of sacred songs
psalms	n.	an Old Testament book consisting of a collection of 150 Psalms
psalms	n.	one of the 150 lyrical poems and prayers that comprise the Book of Psalms in the Old Testament; said to have been written by David
psalms	n.	any sacred song used to praise the deity
psalms	v.	sing or celebrate in psalms
psalter	n.	a collection of Psalms for liturgical use
psaltery	n.	an ancient stringed instrument similar to the lyre or zither but having a trapezoidal sounding board under the strings
psephologist	n.	a sociologist who studies election trends
psephology	n.	the branch of sociology that studies election trends (as by opinion polls)
pseud	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
pseudo	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
pseudo	adj.	(often used in combination) not genuine but having the appearance of
pseudonym	n.	a fictitious name used when the person performs a particular social role
pseudonymous	adj.	bearing or identified by an assumed (often pen) name
pseudoscience	n.	an activity resembling science but based on fallacious assumptions
psi	n.	a unit of pressure
psi	n.	the 23rd letter of the Greek alphabet
psittacosis	n.	infectious disease of birds
psittacosis	n.	an atypical pneumonia caused by a rickettsia microorganism and transmitted to humans from infected birds
psoriasis	n.	a chronic skin disease characterized by dry red patches covered with scales; occurs especially on the scalp and ears and genitalia and the skin over bony prominences
pst	n.	standard time in the 8th time zone west of Greenwich, reckoned at the 120th meridian west; used in far western states of the United States
psyche	n.	that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason
psyche	n.	the immaterial part of a person; the actuating cause of an individual life
psyche	n.	(Greek mythology) a beautiful princess loved by Cupid who visited her at night and told her she must not try to see him; became the personification of the soul
psychedelia	n.	the subculture of users of psychedelic drugs
psychedelic	adj.	producing distorted sensory perceptions and feelings or altered states of awareness or sometimes states resembling psychosis
psychedelic	adj.	having the vivid colors and bizarre patterns associated with psychedelic states
psychedelic	adj.	(of a mental state) characterized by intense and distorted perceptions and hallucinations and feelings of euphoria or sometimes despair
psychiatric	adj.	relating to or used in or engaged in the practice of psychiatry
psychiatrist	n.	a physician who specializes in psychiatry
psychiatry	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders
psychic	n.	a person apparently sensitive to things beyond the natural range of perception
psychic	adj.	affecting or influenced by the human mind
psychic	adj.	outside the sphere of physical science
psychical	adj.	affecting or influenced by the human mind
psychical	adj.	outside the sphere of physical science
psycho	n.	a person afflicted with psychosis
psychoactive	adj.	affecting the mind or mood or other mental processes
psychoanalyses	v.	subject to psychoanalytic treatment
psychoanalysis	n.	a set of techniques for exploring underlying motives and a method of treating various mental disorders; based on the theories of Sigmund Freud
psychoanalyst	n.	a licensed practitioner of psychoanalysis
psychoanalytic	adj.	of or relating to or incorporating the methods and theory of psychiatric treatment originated by Sigmund Freud
psychoanalytical	adj.	of or relating to or incorporating the methods and theory of psychiatric treatment originated by Sigmund Freud
psychoanalyze	v.	subject to psychoanalytic treatment
psychobabble	n.	using language loaded with psychological terminology
psychogenic	adj.	of or relating to the psychological cause of a disorder
psychogenic	adj.	mental or emotional rather than physiological in origin
psychokinesis	n.	the power to move something by thinking about it without the application of physical force
psychokinetic	adj.	moving an object without apparent use of physical means
psychological	adj.	mental or emotional as opposed to physical in nature
psychological	adj.	of or relating to or determined by psychology
psychologist	n.	a scientist trained in psychology
psychology	n.	the science of mental life
psychometric	adj.	of or relating to psychometrics
psychoneuroses	n.	a mental or personality disturbance not attributable to any known neurological or organic dysfunction
psychoneurosis	n.	a mental or personality disturbance not attributable to any known neurological or organic dysfunction
psychopath	n.	someone with a sociopathic personality; a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' was once widely used but has now been superseded by `sociopath')
psychopathic	adj.	suffering from an undiagnosed mental disorder
psychopathology	n.	the branch of psychology concerned with abnormal behavior
psychopathology	n.	the branch of medicine dealing with the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders
psychopaths	n.	someone with a sociopathic personality; a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' was once widely used but has now been superseded by `sociopath')
psychopathy	n.	any disease of the mind; the psychological state of someone who has emotional or behavioral problems serious enough to require psychiatric intervention
psychopharmacology	n.	the study of drugs that affect the mind
psychophysiology	n.	the branch of psychology that is concerned with the physiological bases of psychological processes
psychos	n.	a person afflicted with psychosis
psychosis	n.	any severe mental disorder in which contact with reality is lost or highly distorted
psychosomatic	adj.	used of illness or symptoms resulting from neurosis
psychotherapist	n.	a therapist who deals with mental and emotional disorders
psychotherapy	n.	the branch of psychiatry concerned with psychological methods
psychotherapy	n.	the treatment of mental or emotional problems by psychological means
psychotic	n.	a person afflicted with psychosis
psychotic	adj.	characteristic of or suffering from psychosis
psychotropic	adj.	affecting the mind or mood or other mental processes
pt	n.	a heavy precious metallic element; grey-white and resistant to corroding; occurs in some nickel and copper ores and is also found native in some deposits
ptah	n.	a major Egyptian god; shaper of the world; father of gods and men; worshipped especially at Memphis
ptarmigan	n.	large Arctic and subarctic grouse with feathered feet and usually white winter plumage
pterodactyl	n.	extinct flying reptile
pto	n.	a device that transfers power from an engine (as in a tractor or other motor vehicle) to another piece of equipment (as to a pump or jackhammer)
ptolemaic	adj.	of or relating to the astronomer Ptolemy
ptolemaic	adj.	of or relating to the geocentric Ptolemaic system
ptolemy	n.	Alexandrian astronomer (of the 2nd century) who proposed a geocentric system of astronomy that was undisputed until the late Renaissance
ptolemy	n.	an ancient dynasty of Macedonian kings who ruled Egypt from 323 BC to 30 BC; founded by Ptolemy I and ended with Cleopatra
ptomaine	n.	any of various amines (such as putrescine or cadaverine) formed by the action of putrefactive bacteria
ptomaine	n.	a term for food poisoning that is no longer in scientific use; food poisoning was once thought to be caused by ingesting ptomaines
pu	n.	a solid silvery grey radioactive transuranic element whose atoms can be split when bombarded with neutrons; found in minute quantities in uranium ores but is usually synthesized in nuclear reactors; 13 isotopes are known with the most important being plutonium 239
pub	n.	tavern consisting of a building with a bar and public rooms; often provides light meals
pubertal	adj.	of or related to puberty
puberty	n.	the time of life when sex glands become functional
pubes	n.	the lower part of the abdomen just above the external genital organs
pubes	n.	one of the three sections of the hipbone; together these two bones form the front of the pelvis
pubescence	n.	the time of life when sex glands become functional
pubescent	adj.	(of animals especially human beings) having arrived at the onset of puberty (the age at which sex glands become functional) but not yet fully mature
pubescent	adj.	covered with fine soft hairs or down
pubic	adj.	relating or near the pubis
pubis	n.	one of the three sections of the hipbone; together these two bones form the front of the pelvis
public	n.	people in general considered as a whole
public	n.	a body of people sharing some common interest
public	adj.	not private; open to or concerning the people as a whole
public	adj.	affecting the people or community as a whole
publican	n.	the keeper of a public house
publication	n.	a copy of a printed work offered for distribution
publication	n.	the act of issuing printed materials
publication	n.	the communication of something to the public; making information generally known
publication	n.	the business of issuing printed matter for sale or distribution
publicist	n.	someone who publicizes
publicity	n.	a message issued in behalf of some product or cause or idea or person or institution
publicity	n.	the quality of being open to public view
publicize	v.	make public
publicize	v.	call attention to
publicly	adv.	in a manner accessible to or observable by the public; openly
publicly	adv.	by the public or the people generally
publish	v.	put into print
publish	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
publish	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
publishable	adj.	suitable for publication
published	v.	put into print
published	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
published	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
published	adj.	prepared and printed for distribution and sale
published	adj.	formally made public
publisher	n.	a firm in the publishing business
publisher	n.	a person engaged in publishing periodicals or books or music
publisher	n.	the proprietor of a newspaper
publishing	n.	the business of issuing printed matter for sale or distribution
publishing	v.	put into print
publishing	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
publishing	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
puccini	n.	Italian operatic composer noted for the dramatic realism of his operas (1858-1924)
puce	n.	a color varying from dark purplish brown to dark red
puck	n.	a mischievous sprite of English folklore
puck	n.	a vulcanized rubber disk 3 inches in diameter that is used instead of a ball in ice hockey
pucker	n.	an irregular fold in an otherwise even surface (as in cloth)
pucker	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
pucker	v.	draw together into folds or puckers
pucker	v.	become wrinkled or drawn together
puckish	adj.	naughtily or annoyingly playful
puckishness	n.	the trait of behaving like an imp
pud	n.	(British) the dessert course of a meal (`pud' is used informally)
pudding	n.	any of various soft thick unsweetened baked dishes
pudding	n.	(British) the dessert course of a meal (`pud' is used informally)
pudding	n.	any of various soft sweet desserts thickened usually with flour and baked or boiled or steamed
puddle	n.	a mixture of wet clay and sand that can be used to line a pond and that is impervious to water when dry
puddle	n.	a small body of standing water (rainwater) or other liquid
puddle	n.	something resembling a pool of liquid
puddle	v.	wade or dabble in a puddle
puddle	v.	subject to puddling or form by puddling
puddle	v.	dip into mud before planting
puddle	v.	work a wet mixture, such as concrete or mud
puddle	v.	mess around, as in a liquid or paste
puddle	v.	make into a puddle
puddle	v.	make a puddle by splashing water
puddle	v.	mix up or confuse
puddle	v.	eliminate urine
puddling	v.	wade or dabble in a puddle
puddling	v.	subject to puddling or form by puddling
puddling	v.	dip into mud before planting
puddling	v.	work a wet mixture, such as concrete or mud
puddling	v.	mess around, as in a liquid or paste
puddling	v.	make into a puddle
puddling	v.	make a puddle by splashing water
puddling	v.	mix up or confuse
puddling	v.	eliminate urine
pudenda	n.	human external genital organs collectively especially of a female
pudendum	n.	human external genital organs collectively especially of a female
pudginess	n.	the property of having a plump and round body
pudgy	adj.	short and plump
puebla	n.	a city in south central Mexico (southeast of Mexico City) on the edge of central Mexican plateau
pueblo	n.	a member of any of about two dozen Native American peoples called `Pueblos' by the Spanish because they live in pueblos (villages built of adobe and rock)
pueblo	n.	a city in Colorado to the south of Colorado Springs
pueblo	n.	a communal village built by Indians in the southwestern United States
puerile	adj.	of or characteristic of a child
puerile	adj.	displaying or suggesting a lack of maturity
puerility	n.	the state of a child between infancy and adolescence
puerility	n.	a property characteristic of a child
puerperal	adj.	relating to or connected with or occurring at the time of childbirth or shortly following, or to the woman who has just given birth
puff	n.	a short light gust of air
puff	n.	a light inflated pastry or puff shell
puff	n.	exaggerated praise (as for promotional purposes)
puff	n.	bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched together
puff	n.	a soft spherical object made from fluffy fibers; for applying powder to the skin
puff	n.	thick cushion used as a seat
puff	n.	a slow inhalation (as of tobacco smoke)
puff	n.	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth
puff	v.	smoke and exhale strongly
puff	v.	suck in or take (air)
puff	v.	breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted
puff	v.	make proud or conceited
puff	v.	praise extravagantly
puff	v.	speak in a blustering or scornful manner
puff	v.	to swell or cause to enlarge,
puff	v.	blow hard and loudly
puff	adj.	gathered for protruding fullness
puffball	n.	any of various fungi of the family Lycoperdaceae whose round fruiting body discharges a cloud of spores when mature
puffball	n.	any of various fungi of the genus Scleroderma having hard-skinned subterranean fruiting bodies resembling truffles
puffer	n.	delicacy that is highly dangerous because of a potent nerve poison in ovaries and liver
puffer	n.	any of numerous marine fishes whose elongated spiny body can inflate itself with water or air to form a globe; several species contain a potent nerve poison; closely related to spiny puffers
puffin	n.	any of two genera of northern seabirds having short necks and brightly colored compressed bills
puffiness	n.	an abnormal protuberance or localized enlargement
puffiness	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
puffy	adj.	being puffed out; used of hair style or clothing
puffy	adj.	abnormally distended especially by fluids or gas
puffy	adj.	blowing in puffs or short intermittent blasts
pug	n.	small compact smooth-coated breed of Asiatic origin having a tightly curled tail and broad flat wrinkled muzzle
pugilism	n.	fighting with the fists
pugilist	n.	someone who fights with his fists for sport
pugilistic	adj.	of or relating to pugilism or pugilists
pugnacious	adj.	tough and callous by virtue of experience
pugnacious	adj.	ready and able to resort to force or violence; - Herman Melville
pugnacity	n.	a natural disposition to be hostile
puke	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
puke	n.	the matter ejected in vomiting
puke	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
pukka	adj.	absolutely first class and genuine
pulchritude	n.	physical beauty (especially of a woman)
pulchritudinous	adj.	used of persons only; having great physical beauty
pule	v.	cry weakly or softly
pulitzer	n.	United States newspaper publisher (born in Hungary) who established the Pulitzer prizes (1847-1911)
pull	n.	the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you
pull	n.	the force used in pulling
pull	n.	special advantage or influence
pull	n.	a device used for pulling something
pull	n.	a sharp strain on muscles or ligaments
pull	n.	a slow inhalation (as of tobacco smoke)
pull	n.	a sustained effort
pull	v.	cause to move by pulling
pull	v.	direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physical attributes
pull	v.	move into a certain direction
pull	v.	apply force so as to cause motion towards the source of the motion
pull	v.	perform an act, usually with a negative connotation
pull	v.	bring, take, or pull out of a container or from under a cover
pull	v.	steer into a certain direction
pull	v.	strain abnormally
pull	v.	cause to move in a certain direction by exerting a force upon, either physically or in an abstract sense
pull	v.	operate when rowing a boat
pull	v.	rein in to keep from winning a race
pull	v.	tear or be torn violently
pull	v.	hit in the direction that the player is facing when carrying through the swing
pull	v.	strip of feathers
pull	v.	remove, usually with some force or effort; also used in an abstract sense
pull	v.	take sides with; align oneself with; show strong sympathy for
pull	v.	take away
pullback	n.	a device (as a decorative loop of cord or fabric) for holding or drawing something back
pullback	n.	(military) the act of pulling back (especially an orderly withdrawal of troops)
puller	n.	someone who applies force so as to cause motion toward herself or himself
puller	n.	someone who pulls or tugs or drags in an effort to move something
pullet	n.	flesh of a medium-sized young chicken suitable for frying
pullet	n.	young hen usually less than a year old
pulley	n.	a simple machine consisting of a wheel with a groove in which a rope can run to change the direction or point of application of a force applied to the rope
pullman	n.	luxurious passenger car; for day or night travel
pullout	n.	to break off a military action with an enemy
pullover	n.	a sweater that is put on by pulling it over the head
pulmonary	adj.	relating to or affecting the lungs
pulp	n.	any soft or soggy mass
pulp	n.	a soft moist part of a fruit
pulp	n.	a mixture of cellulose fibers
pulp	n.	an inexpensive magazine printed on poor quality paper
pulp	n.	the soft inner part of a tooth
pulp	v.	remove the pulp from, as from a fruit
pulp	v.	reduce to pulp
pulpiness	n.	a mushy pulpy softness
pulpit	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
pulpwood	n.	softwood used to make paper
pulpy	adj.	like a pulp or overripe; not having stiffness
pulsar	n.	a degenerate neutron star; small and extremely dense; rotates very fast and emits regular pulses of polarized radiation
pulsate	v.	expand and contract rhythmically; beat rhythmically
pulsate	v.	move with or as if with a regular alternating motion
pulsate	v.	produce or modulate (as electromagnetic waves) in the form of short bursts or pulses or cause an apparatus to produce pulses
pulsation	n.	(electronics) a sharp transient wave in the normal electrical state (or a series of such transients)
pulsation	n.	a periodically recurring phenomenon that alternately increases and decreases some quantity
pulsation	n.	the rhythmic contraction and expansion of the arteries with each beat of the heart
pulse	n.	(electronics) a sharp transient wave in the normal electrical state (or a series of such transients)
pulse	n.	the rhythmic contraction and expansion of the arteries with each beat of the heart
pulse	n.	the rate at which the heart beats; usually measured to obtain a quick evaluation of a person's health
pulse	n.	edible seeds of various pod-bearing plants (peas or beans or lentils etc.)
pulse	v.	expand and contract rhythmically; beat rhythmically
pulse	v.	produce or modulate (as electromagnetic waves) in the form of short bursts or pulses or cause an apparatus to produce pulses
pulse	v.	drive by or as if by pulsation
pulverization	n.	a solid substance in the form of tiny loose particles; a solid that has been pulverized
pulverization	n.	the act of grinding to a powder or dust
pulverization	n.	annihilation by pulverizing something
pulverize	v.	make into a powder by breaking up or cause to become dust
pulverize	v.	destroy completely
pulverize	v.	become powder or dust
puma	n.	large American feline resembling a lion
pumice	n.	a light glass formed on the surface of some lavas; used as an abrasive
pumice	v.	rub with pumice, in order to clean or to smoothen
pummel	v.	strike, usually with the fist
pump	n.	a mechanical device that moves fluid or gas by pressure or suction
pump	n.	the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body
pump	n.	a low-cut shoe without fastenings
pump	v.	operate like a pump; move up and down, like a handle or a pedal
pump	v.	deliver forth
pump	v.	draw or pour with a pump
pump	v.	supply in great quantities
pump	v.	flow intermittently
pump	v.	move up and down
pump	v.	raise (gases or fluids) with a pump
pump	v.	question persistently
pumpernickel	n.	bread made of coarse rye flour
pumpkin	n.	a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with firm orange skin and numerous seeds; subspecies of Cucurbita pepo include the summer squashes and a few autumn squashes
pumpkin	n.	usually large pulpy deep-yellow round fruit of the squash family maturing in late summer or early autumn
pun	n.	a humorous play on words
pun	v.	make a play on words
punch	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
punch	n.	an iced mixed drink usually containing alcohol and prepared for multiple servings; normally served in a punch bowl
punch	n.	a tool for making holes or indentations
punch	v.	deliver a quick blow to
punch	v.	drive forcibly as if by a punch
punch	v.	make a hole into or between, as for ease of separation
puncher	n.	a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback
puncher	n.	someone who delivers punches
puncher	n.	a tool for making holes or indentations
punctilio	n.	a fine point of etiquette or petty formality
punctilio	n.	strict observance of formalities
punctilious	adj.	marked by precise accordance with details
punctiliousness	n.	strict attention to minute details
punctual	adj.	acting or arriving or performed exactly at the time appointed
punctuality	n.	the quality or habit of adhering to an appointed time
punctuate	v.	insert punctuation marks into
punctuate	v.	to stress, single out as important
punctuate	v.	interrupt periodically
punctuation	n.	something that makes repeated and regular interruptions or divisions
punctuation	n.	the marks used to clarify meaning by indicating separation of words into sentences and clauses and phrases
punctuation	n.	the use of certain marks to clarify meaning of written material by grouping words grammatically into sentences and clauses and phrases
puncture	n.	loss of air pressure in a tire when a hole is made by some sharp object
puncture	n.	a small hole made by a sharp object
puncture	n.	the act of puncturing or perforating
puncture	v.	pierce with a pointed object; make a hole into
puncture	v.	make by piercing
puncture	v.	reduce or lessen the size or importance of
puncture	v.	cause to lose air pressure or collapse by piercing
puncture	v.	be pierced or punctured
pundit	n.	someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field
pungency	n.	wit having a sharp and caustic quality
pungency	n.	a strong odor or taste property
pungent	adj.	strong and sharp
pungent	adj.	capable of wounding
punic	n.	the Phoenician dialect of ancient Carthage
punic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of ancient Carthage or its people or their language
punic	adj.	tending to betray; especially having a treacherous character as attributed to the Carthaginians by the Romans
puniness	n.	the quality of being unimportant and petty or frivolous
puniness	n.	smallness of stature
punish	v.	impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on
punished	v.	impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on
punished	adj.	subjected to a penalty (as pain or shame or restraint or loss) for an offense or fault or in order to coerce some behavior (as a confession or obedience)
punishing	v.	impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on
punishing	adj.	resulting in punishment
punishing	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
punishment	n.	the act of punishing
punitive	adj.	inflicting punishment
punjab	n.	a historical region on northwestern India and northern Pakistan
punjabi	n.	a member of the majority people of Punjab in northwestern India
punjabi	n.	the Indic language spoken by most people in Punjab in northwestern India
punk	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
punk	n.	substance that smolders when ignited; used to light fuses (especially fireworks)
punk	n.	material for starting a fire
punk	n.	a teenager or young adult who is a performer (or enthusiast) of punk rock and a member of the punk youth subculture
punk	n.	rock music with deliberately offensive lyrics expressing anger and social alienation; in part a reaction against progressive rock
punk	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
punned	v.	make a play on words
punnet	n.	a small light basket used as a measure for fruits
punning	n.	a humorous play on words
punning	v.	make a play on words
punster	n.	someone overly fond of making puns
punt	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Ireland; equal to 100 pence
punt	n.	an open flat-bottomed boat used in shallow waters and propelled by a long pole
punt	n.	(football) a kick in which the football is dropped from the hands and kicked before it touches the ground
punt	v.	kick the ball
punt	v.	propel with a pole
punt	v.	place a bet on
punter	n.	someone who propels a boat with a pole
punter	n.	(football) a person who kicks the football by dropping it from the hands and contacting it with the foot before it hits the ground
punter	n.	someone who bets
puny	adj.	inferior in strength or significance
puny	adj.	(used especially of persons) of inferior size
pup	n.	young of any of various canines such as a dog or wolf
pup	n.	an inexperienced young person
pup	v.	birth
pupa	n.	an insect in the inactive stage of development (when it is not feeding) intermediate between larva and adult
pupae	n.	an insect in the inactive stage of development (when it is not feeding) intermediate between larva and adult
pupal	adj.	of the insects in the chrysalis (cocoon) or post larval stage
pupate	v.	develop into a pupa
pupil	n.	a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
pupil	n.	the contractile aperture in the center of the iris of the eye; resembles a large black dot
pupil	n.	a young person attending school (up through senior high school)
pupped	v.	birth
puppet	n.	a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer
puppet	n.	a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant or dishonest tasks for someone else
puppet	n.	a doll with a hollow head of a person or animal and a cloth body; intended to fit over the hand and be manipulated with the fingers
puppeteer	n.	one who operates puppets or marionettes
puppetry	n.	the art of making puppets and presenting puppet shows
puppetry	n.	a stilted dramatic performance (as if by puppets)
pupping	v.	birth
puppy	n.	a young dog
puppy	n.	an inexperienced young person
purana	n.	a body of 18 works written between the first and 11th centuries and incorporating legends and speculative histories of the universe and myths and customary observances
purblind	adj.	having greatly reduced vision
purblind	adj.	lacking in insight or discernment; ; - Jasper Griffin
purcell	n.	English organist at Westminster Abbey and composer of many theatrical pieces (1659-1695)
purchase	n.	the acquisition of something for payment
purchase	n.	something acquired by purchase
purchase	n.	a means of exerting influence or gaining advantage
purchase	n.	the mechanical advantage gained by being in a position to use a lever
purchase	v.	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction
purchaser	n.	a person who buys
purdah	n.	a state of social isolation
purdah	n.	the traditional Hindu or Muslim system of keeping women secluded
purdah	n.	a screen used in India to separate women from men or strangers
pure	adj.	free of extraneous elements of any kind
pure	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
pure	adj.	(of color) being chromatically pure; not diluted with white or grey or black
pure	adj.	free from discordant qualities
pure	adj.	concerned with theory and data rather than practice; opposed to applied
pure	adj.	(used of persons or behaviors) having no faults; sinless; - Sylvia Plath
pure	adj.	in a state of sexual virginity
purebred	n.	a pedigreed animal of unmixed lineage; used especially of horses
purebred	adj.	bred for many generations from member of a recognized breed or strain
puree	n.	food prepared by cooking and straining or processed in a blender
puree	v.	rub through a strainer or process in an electric blender
pureeing	v.	rub through a strainer or process in an electric blender
pureness	n.	being undiluted or unmixed with extraneous material
pureness	n.	the state of being unsullied by sin or moral wrong; lacking a knowledge of evil
pureness	n.	a woman's virtue or chastity
purgative	n.	a purging medicine; stimulates evacuation of the bowels
purgative	adj.	strongly laxative
purgatorial	adj.	serving to purge or rid of sin
purgatorial	adj.	of or resembling purgatory
purgatory	n.	a temporary condition of torment or suffering
purgatory	n.	(theology) in Roman Catholic theology the place where those who have died in a state of grace undergo limited torment to expiate their sins
purge	n.	the act of clearing yourself (or another) from some stigma or charge
purge	n.	an act of removing by cleansing; ridding of sediment or other undesired elements
purge	n.	an abrupt or sudden removal of a person or group from an organization or place
purge	v.	oust politically
purge	v.	clear of a charge
purge	v.	make pure or free from sin or guilt
purge	v.	rid of impurities
purge	v.	rinse, clean, or empty with a liquid
purge	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
purge	v.	excrete or evacuate (someone's bowels or body)
purification	n.	the act of cleaning by getting rid of impurities
purification	n.	the process of removing impurities (as from oil or metals or sugar etc.)
purification	n.	a ceremonial cleansing from defilement or uncleanness by the performance of appropriate rites
purification	n.	the act of purging of sin or guilt; moral or spiritual cleansing
purifier	n.	an apparatus for removing impurities
purify	v.	remove impurities from, increase the concentration of, and separate through the process of distillation
purify	v.	make pure or free from sin or guilt
purify	v.	become clean or pure or free of guilt and sin
purim	n.	(Judaism) a Jewish holy day commemorating their deliverance from massacre by Haman
purine	n.	any of several bases that are derivatives of purine
purine	n.	a colorless crystalline organic base containing nitrogen; the parent compound of various biologically important substances
purism	n.	scrupulous or exaggerated insistence on purity or correctness (especially in language)
purist	n.	someone who insists on great precision and correctness (especially in the use of words)
puritan	n.	a member of a group of English Protestants who in the 16th and 17th centuries thought that the Protestant Reformation under Elizabeth was incomplete and advocated the simplification and regulation of forms of worship
puritan	n.	someone who adheres to strict religious principles; someone opposed to sensual pleasures
puritan	n.	a person excessively concerned about propriety and decorum
puritanical	adj.	of or relating to Puritans or Puritanism
puritanical	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
puritanical	adj.	morally rigorous and strict
puritanism	n.	the beliefs and practices characteristic of Puritans (most of whom were Calvinists who wished to purify the Church of England of its Catholic aspects)
puritanism	n.	strictness and austerity in conduct and religion
purity	n.	being undiluted or unmixed with extraneous material
purity	n.	the state of being unsullied by sin or moral wrong; lacking a knowledge of evil
purity	n.	a woman's virtue or chastity
purl	n.	gold or silver wire thread
purl	n.	a basic knitting stitch
purl	v.	flow in a circular current, of liquids
purl	v.	make a murmuring sound
purl	v.	knit with a purl stitch
purl	v.	edge or border with gold or silver embroidery
purl	v.	embroider with gold or silver thread
purlieu	n.	an outer adjacent area of any place
purloin	v.	make off with belongings of others
purple	n.	a purple color or pigment
purple	n.	of imperial status
purple	v.	become purple
purple	v.	color purple
purple	adj.	of a color intermediate between red and blue
purple	adj.	excessively elaborate or showily expressed
purple	adj.	belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler
purplish	adj.	of a color intermediate between red and blue
purport	n.	the intended meaning of a communication
purport	n.	the pervading meaning or tenor
purport	v.	have the often specious appearance of being, intending, or claiming
purport	v.	propose or intend
purported	v.	have the often specious appearance of being, intending, or claiming
purported	v.	propose or intend
purpose	n.	an anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned actions
purpose	n.	what something is used for
purpose	n.	the quality of being determined to do or achieve something; firmness of purpose
purpose	v.	propose or intend
purpose	v.	reach a decision
purposed	v.	propose or intend
purposed	v.	reach a decision
purposeful	adj.	serving as or indicating the existence of a purpose or goal
purposeful	adj.	having meaning through having an aim
purposefulness	n.	the quality of having a definite purpose
purposeless	adj.	not evidencing any purpose or goal
purposeless	adj.	serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being
purr	n.	a low vibrating sound typical of a contented cat
purr	v.	make a soft swishing sound
purr	v.	indicate pleasure by purring; characteristic of cats
purse	n.	a container used for carrying money and small personal items or accessories (especially by women)
purse	n.	a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse
purse	n.	a small bag for carrying money
purse	n.	a sum of money offered as a prize
purse	v.	contract one's lips into a rounded shape
purse	v.	gather or contract into wrinkles or folds; pucker
purser	n.	an officer aboard a ship who keeps accounts and attends to the passengers' welfare
pursuance	n.	a search for an alternative that meets cognitive criteria
pursuance	n.	the continuance of something begun with a view to its completion
pursuant	adj.	(followed by `to') in conformance to or agreement with
pursue	v.	carry out or participate in an activity; be involved in
pursue	v.	follow in or as if in pursuit
pursue	v.	go in search of or hunt for
pursue	v.	carry further or advance
pursuer	n.	a person who is pursuing and trying to overtake or capture
pursuer	n.	a person who pursues some plan or goal
pursuit	n.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture
pursuit	n.	a search for an alternative that meets cognitive criteria
pursuit	n.	an auxiliary activity
pursuit	n.	a diversion that occupies one's time and thoughts (usually pleasantly)
purulence	n.	symptom of being purulent (containing or forming pus)
purulence	n.	a fluid product of inflammation
purulent	adj.	containing pus
purus	n.	a Brazilian river; tributary of the Amazon River
purvey	v.	supply with provisions
purveyance	n.	the act of supplying something
purveyor	n.	someone who supplies provisions (especially food)
purview	n.	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated
pus	n.	the tenth month of the Hindu calendar
pus	n.	a fluid product of inflammation
pus	n.	a solid silvery grey radioactive transuranic element whose atoms can be split when bombarded with neutrons; found in minute quantities in uranium ores but is usually synthesized in nuclear reactors; 13 isotopes are known with the most important being plutonium 239
pusan	n.	a city in southeastern South Korea on the Korean Strait; the chief port and second largest city
pusey	n.	English theologian who (with John Henry Newman and John Keble) founded the Oxford movement (1800-1882)
push	n.	the act of applying force in order to move something away
push	n.	the force used in pushing
push	n.	enterprising or ambitious drive
push	n.	an electrical switch operated by pressing
push	n.	an effort to advance
push	v.	move with force,
push	v.	press, drive, or impel (someone) to action or completion of an action
push	v.	make publicity for; try to sell (a product)
push	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
push	v.	press against forcefully without moving
push	v.	approach a certain age or speed
push	v.	exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to gain an end or engage in a crusade for a certain cause or person; be an advocate for
push	v.	sell or promote the sale of (illegal goods such as drugs)
push	v.	move strenuously and with effort
push	v.	make strenuous pushing movements during birth to expel the baby
pushcart	n.	wheeled vehicle that can be pushed by a person; may have one or two or four wheels
pushchair	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
pusher	n.	one who intrudes or pushes himself forward
pusher	n.	an unlicensed dealer in illegal drugs
pusher	n.	someone who pushes
pusher	n.	a sandal attached to the foot by a thong over the toes
pusher	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
pushiness	n.	offensive boldness and assertiveness
pushkin	n.	Russian poet (1799-1837)
pushover	n.	someone who is easily taken advantage of
pushover	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
pushpin	n.	a tack for attaching papers to a bulletin board or drawing board
pushy	adj.	marked by aggressive ambition and energy and initiative
pusillanimity	n.	contemptible fearfulness
pusillanimous	adj.	lacking in courage and manly strength and resolution; contemptibly fearful
puss	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
puss	n.	informal terms referring to a domestic cat
puss	n.	the tenth month of the Hindu calendar
puss	n.	a fluid product of inflammation
pussy	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
pussy	n.	informal terms referring to a domestic cat
pussy	adj.	containing pus
pussycat	n.	a person who is regarded as easygoing and agreeable
pussycat	n.	informal terms referring to a domestic cat
pussyfoot	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
pustule	n.	a small inflamed elevation of skin containing pus; a blister filled with pus
put	n.	the option to sell a given stock (or stock index or commodity future) at a given price before a given date
put	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
put	v.	cause to be in a certain state; cause to be in a certain relation
put	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
put	v.	attribute or give
put	v.	make an investment
put	v.	estimate
put	v.	cause (someone) to undergo something
put	v.	adapt
put	v.	arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
putative	adj.	purported; commonly put forth or accepted as true on inconclusive grounds
putin	n.	Russian statesman chosen as president of the Russian Federation in 2000; formerly director of the Federal Security Bureau (born in 1952)
putout	n.	an out resulting from a fielding play (not a strikeout)
putrefaction	n.	a state of decay usually accompanied by an offensive odor
putrefaction	n.	(biology) the process of decay caused by bacterial or fungal action
putrefaction	n.	moral perversion; impairment of virtue and moral principles
putrefactive	adj.	causing or promoting bacterial putrefaction
putrefy	v.	become putrid; decay with an offensive smell
putrescence	n.	in a state of progressive putrefaction
putrescence	n.	the quality of rotting and becoming putrid
putrescent	adj.	becoming putrid
putrid	adj.	of or relating to or attended by putrefaction
putrid	adj.	in an advanced state of decomposition and having a foul odor; - Somerset Maugham
putrid	adj.	morally corrupt or evil
putsch	n.	a sudden and decisive change of government illegally or by force
putt	n.	hitting a golf ball that is on the green using a putter
putt	v.	strike (a golf ball) lightly, with a putter
putt	v.	hit a putt
putted	v.	strike (a golf ball) lightly, with a putter
putted	v.	hit a putt
puttee	n.	a strip of cloth wound around the leg to form legging; used by soldiers in World War I
putter	n.	a golfer who is putting
putter	n.	the iron normally used on the putting green
putter	v.	work lightly
putter	v.	do random, unplanned work or activities or spend time idly
putter	v.	move around aimlessly
putterer	n.	a person who putters about
putting	n.	hitting a golf ball that is on the green using a putter
putting	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
putting	v.	cause to be in a certain state; cause to be in a certain relation
putting	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
putting	v.	attribute or give
putting	v.	make an investment
putting	v.	estimate
putting	v.	cause (someone) to undergo something
putting	v.	adapt
putting	v.	arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
putty	n.	a dough-like mixture of whiting and boiled linseed oil; used especially to patch woodwork or secure panes of glass
putty	v.	apply putty in order to fix or fill
putz	n.	(Yiddish) a fool; an idiot
putz	n.	obscene terms for penis
puzzle	n.	a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution
puzzle	n.	a game that tests your ingenuity
puzzle	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
puzzle	v.	be uncertain about; think about without fully understanding or being able to decide
puzzlement	n.	confusion resulting from failure to understand
puzzler	n.	a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution
pvc	n.	a polymer of vinyl chloride used instead of rubber in electric cables
pvc	n.	irregularity of cardiac rhythm; recurrent occurrences can be a precursor of ventricular fibrillation
px	n.	a commissary on a United States Army post
pyelonephritis	n.	inflammation of the kidney and its pelvis caused by bacterial infection
pygmalion	n.	(Greek mythology) a king who created a statue of a woman and fell in love with it; Aphrodite brought the sculpture to life as Galatea
pygmy	n.	an unusually small individual
pygmy	n.	any member of various peoples having an average height of less than five feet
pyle	n.	United States writer and illustrator of children's books (1853-1911)
pylon	n.	a tower for guiding pilots or marking the turning point in a race
pylon	n.	a large vertical steel tower supporting high-tension power lines
pylori	n.	a small circular opening between the stomach and the duodenum
pyloric	adj.	relating to or near the pylorus
pylorus	n.	a small circular opening between the stomach and the duodenum
pynchon	n.	United States writer of pessimistic novels about life in a technologically advanced society (born in 1937)
pyongyang	n.	capital of North Korea and an industrial center
pyorrhea	n.	discharge of pus
pyorrhea	n.	chronic periodontitis; purulent inflammation of the teeth sockets
pyramid	n.	a polyhedron having a polygonal base and triangular sides with a common vertex
pyramid	n.	(stock market) a series of transactions in which the speculator increases his holdings by using the rising market value of those holdings as margin for further purchases
pyramid	n.	a massive monument with a square base and four triangular sides; begun by Cheops around 2700 BC as royal tombs in ancient Egypt
pyramid	v.	enlarge one's holdings on an exchange on a continued rise by using paper profits as margin to buy additional amounts
pyramid	v.	use or deal in (as of stock or commercial transaction) in a pyramid deal
pyramid	v.	arrange or build up as if on the base of a pyramid
pyramid	v.	increase rapidly and progressively step by step on a broad base
pyramidal	adj.	resembling a pyramid
pyre	n.	wood heaped for burning a dead body as a funeral rite
pyrenees	n.	a chain of mountains between France and Spain
pyrex	n.	a borosilicate glass with a low coefficient of expansion; used for heat-resistant glassware in cooking and chemistry
pyrimidine	n.	any of several basic compounds derived from pyrimidine
pyrimidine	n.	a heterocyclic organic compound with a penetrating odor
pyrite	n.	a common mineral (iron disulfide) that has a pale yellow color
pyrites	n.	any of various metallic-looking sulfides (of which pyrite is the commonest)
pyrites	n.	a common mineral (iron disulfide) that has a pale yellow color
pyromania	n.	an uncontrollable desire to set fire to things
pyromaniac	n.	a person with a mania for setting things on fire
pyrotechnic	n.	(usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc.
pyrotechnic	adj.	of or relating to the craft of making fireworks
pyrotechnic	adj.	suggestive of fireworks
pyrotechnical	adj.	of or relating to the craft of making fireworks
pyrotechnics	n.	(music) brilliance of display (as in the performance of music)
pyrotechnics	n.	the craft of making fireworks
pyrotechnics	n.	(usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc.
pyrrhic	n.	a metrical unit with unstressed-unstressed syllables
pyrrhic	n.	an ancient Greek dance imitating the motions of warfare
pyrrhic	adj.	of or relating to a war dance of ancient Greece
pyrrhic	adj.	of or relating to or containing a metrical foot of two unstressed syllables
pyrrhic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling Pyrrhus or his exploits (especially his sustaining staggering losses in order to defeat the Romans)
pythagoras	n.	Greek philosopher and mathematician who proved the Pythagorean theorem; considered to be the first true mathematician (circa 580-500 BC)
pythagorean	adj.	of or relating to Pythagoras or his geometry
pythias	n.	friend of Damon; Phintias (according to legend) was condemned to death by Dionysius the Elder and asked a respite to put his affairs in order; Damon pledged his life for the return of his friend; when Phintias returned in time the tyrant released them both (4th century BC)
pythias	n.	(Greek mythology) the priestess of Apollo at Delphi who transmitted the oracles
python	n.	large Old World boas
python	n.	a soothsaying spirit or a person who is possessed by such a spirit
python	n.	(Greek mythology) dragon killed by Apollo at Delphi
pyx	n.	a chest in which coins from the mint are held to await assay
pyx	n.	any receptacle in which wafers for the Eucharist are kept
q	n.	the 17th letter of the Roman alphabet
qaddafi	n.	Libyan leader who seized power in a military coup d'etat in 1969; deposed the Libyan monarchy and imposed socialism and Islamic orthodoxy on the country (born in 1942)
qatar	n.	an Arab country on the peninsula of Qatar; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1971; the economy is dominated by oil
qatar	n.	a peninsula extending northward from the Arabian mainland into the Persian Gulf
qatari	n.	a native or inhabitant of Qatar
qatari	adj.	of or concerning Qatar or its inhabitants
qed	n.	a relativistic quantum theory of the electromagnetic interactions of photons and electrons and muons
quaalude	n.	sedative-hypnotic drug (trade name Quaalude) that is a drug of abuse
quack	n.	an untrained person who pretends to be a physician and who dispenses medical advice
quack	n.	the harsh sound of a duck
quack	v.	utter quacking noises
quack	v.	act as a medical quack or a charlatan
quack	adj.	medically unqualified
quackery	n.	medical practice and advice based on observation and experience in ignorance of scientific findings
quackery	n.	the dishonesty of a charlatan
quad	n.	one of four children born at the same time from the same pregnancy
quad	n.	a muscle of the thigh that extends the leg
quad	n.	(printing) a block of type without a raised letter; used for spacing between words or sentences
quad	n.	a rectangular area surrounded on all sides by buildings
quadrangle	n.	a four-sided polygon
quadrangle	n.	a rectangular area surrounded on all sides by buildings
quadrangular	adj.	of or relating to or shaped like a quadrangle
quadrant	n.	a quarter of the circumference of a circle
quadrant	n.	any of the four areas into which a plane is divided by two orthogonal coordinate axes
quadrant	n.	the area enclosed by two perpendicular radii of a circle
quadrant	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring altitude of heavenly bodies
quadraphonic	adj.	of or relating to quadraphony
quadratic	n.	an equation in which the highest power of an unknown quantity is a square
quadratic	n.	a polynomial of the second degree
quadratic	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a square
quadratic	adj.	of or relating to the second power
quadrature	n.	the construction of a square having the same area as some other figure
quadrennium	n.	a period of four years
quadriceps	n.	a muscle of the thigh that extends the leg
quadrilateral	n.	a four-sided polygon
quadrilateral	adj.	having four sides
quadrille	n.	music for dancing the quadrille
quadrille	n.	a square dance of 5 or more figures for 4 or more couples
quadrillion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 24 zeros
quadrillion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 15 zeros
quadriplegia	n.	paralysis of both arms and both legs
quadriplegic	n.	a person who is paralyzed in both arms and both legs
quadrivium	n.	(Middle Ages) a higher division of the curriculum in a medieval university involving arithmetic and music and geometry and astronomy
quadruped	n.	an animal especially a mammal having four limbs specialized for walking
quadruped	adj.	having four feet
quadrupedal	adj.	having four feet
quadruple	n.	a set of four similar things considered as a unit
quadruple	n.	a quantity that is four times as great as another
quadruple	v.	increase fourfold
quadruple	adj.	having four units or components
quadruple	adj.	four times as great or many
quadruplet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
quadruplet	n.	one of four children born at the same time from the same pregnancy
quadruplet	n.	a set of four similar things considered as a unit
quadruplicate	n.	any four copies; any of four things that correspond to one another exactly
quadruplicate	v.	reproduce fourfold
quadruplicate	adj.	having four units or components
quaff	n.	a hearty draft
quaff	v.	to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught
quagmire	n.	a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot
quahog	n.	Atlantic coast round clams with hard shells; large clams usually used for chowders or other clam dishes
quahog	n.	an edible American clam; the heavy shells were used as money by some American Indians
quail	n.	flesh of quail; suitable for roasting or broiling if young; otherwise must be braised
quail	n.	small gallinaceous game birds
quail	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
quaint	adj.	strange in an interesting or pleasing way
quaint	adj.	very strange or unusual; odd or even incongruous in character or appearance; - Bill Beatty; - Sir Walter Scott
quaint	adj.	attractively old-fashioned (but not necessarily authentic)
quaintness	n.	the quality of being quaint and old-fashioned
quaintness	n.	strangeness as a consequence of being old fashioned
quake	n.	shaking and vibration at the surface of the earth resulting from underground movement along a fault plane of from volcanic activity
quake	v.	shake with fast, tremulous movements
quake	v.	shake with seismic vibrations
quaker	n.	a member of the Religious Society of Friends founded by George Fox (the Friends have never called themselves Quakers)
quaker	n.	one who quakes and trembles with (or as with) fear
quakerism	n.	the theological doctrine of the Society of Friends characterized by opposition to war and rejection of ritual and a formal creed and an ordained ministry
qualification	n.	an attribute that must be met or complied with and that fits a person for something
qualification	n.	the act of modifying or changing the strength of some idea
qualification	n.	a statement that limits or restricts some claim
qualified	v.	prove capable or fit; meet requirements
qualified	v.	pronounce fit or able
qualified	v.	make more specific
qualified	v.	make fit or prepared
qualified	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
qualified	v.	describe or portray the character or the qualities or peculiarities of
qualified	v.	add a modifier to a constituent
qualified	adj.	meeting the proper standards and requirements and training for an office or position or task
qualified	adj.	limited or restricted; not absolute
qualified	adj.	holding appropriate documentation and officially on record as qualified to perform a specified function or practice a specified skill
qualified	adj.	restricted in meaning; (as e.g. `man' in `a tall man')
qualified	adj.	contingent on something else
qualifier	n.	a contestant who meets certain requirements and so qualifies to take part in the next stage of competition
qualifier	n.	a content word that qualifies the meaning of a noun or verb
qualify	v.	prove capable or fit; meet requirements
qualify	v.	pronounce fit or able
qualify	v.	make more specific
qualify	v.	make fit or prepared
qualify	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
qualify	v.	describe or portray the character or the qualities or peculiarities of
qualify	v.	add a modifier to a constituent
qualitative	adj.	involving distinctions based on qualities
qualitative	adj.	relating to or involving comparisons based on qualities
quality	n.	an essential and distinguishing attribute of something or someone; --Shakespeare
quality	n.	a degree or grade of excellence or worth
quality	n.	a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something
quality	n.	(music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound)
quality	n.	high social status
quality	adj.	of superior grade
quality	adj.	of high social status
qualm	n.	uneasiness about the fitness of an action
qualm	n.	a mild state of nausea
quandary	n.	a situation from which extrication is difficult especially an unpleasant or trying one
quandary	n.	state of uncertainty or perplexity especially as requiring a choice between equally unfavorable options
quango	n.	a quasi nongovernmental organization; an organization that is financed by the government yet acts independently of the government
quanta	n.	a discrete amount of something that is analogous to the quantities in quantum theory
quanta	n.	(physics) the smallest discrete quantity of some physical property that a system can possess (according to quantum theory)
quantifiable	adj.	capable of being quantified
quantification	n.	a limitation imposed on the variables of a proposition (as by the quantifiers `some' or `all' or `no')
quantification	n.	the act of discovering or expressing the quantity of something
quantifier	n.	(logic) a word (such as `some' or `all' or `no') that binds the variables in a logical proposition
quantifier	n.	(grammar) a word that expresses a quantity (as `fifteen' or `many')
quantify	v.	use as a quantifier
quantify	v.	express as a number or measure or quantity
quantitative	adj.	expressible as a quantity or relating to or susceptible of measurement
quantitative	adj.	relating to the measurement of quantity
quantitative	adj.	(of verse) having a metric system based on relative duration of syllables
quantity	n.	how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify
quantity	n.	an adequate or large amount
quantity	n.	the concept that something has a magnitude and can be represented in mathematical expressions by a constant or a variable
quantization	n.	the act of dividing into quanta or expressing in terms of quantum theory
quantize	v.	approximate (a signal varying continuously in amplitude) by one whose amplitude is restricted to a prescribed set of discrete values
quantize	v.	apply quantum theory to; restrict the number of possible values of (a quantity) or states of (a physical entity or system) so that certain variables can assume only certain discrete magnitudes that are integral multiples of a common factor
quantum	n.	a discrete amount of something that is analogous to the quantities in quantum theory
quantum	n.	(physics) the smallest discrete quantity of some physical property that a system can possess (according to quantum theory)
quaoar	n.	a planetoid discovered in 2002
quarantine	n.	enforced isolation of patients suffering from a contagious disease in order to prevent the spread of disease
quarantine	n.	isolation to prevent the spread of infectious disease
quarantine	v.	place into enforced isolation, as for medical reasons
quark	n.	(physics) hypothetical truly fundamental particle in mesons and baryons; there are supposed to be six flavors of quarks (and their antiquarks), which come in pairs; each has an electric charge of +2/3 or -1/3
quark	n.	fresh unripened cheese of a smooth texture made from pasteurized milk, a starter, and rennet
quarrel	n.	an angry dispute
quarrel	n.	an arrow that is shot from a crossbow; has a head with four edges
quarrel	v.	have a disagreement over something
quarreler	n.	a disputant who quarrels
quarrelsome	adj.	given to quarreling
quarrelsomeness	n.	an inclination to be quarrelsome and contentious
quarry	n.	a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence
quarry	n.	a surface excavation for extracting stone or slate
quarry	n.	animal hunted or caught for food
quarry	v.	extract (something such as stones) from or as if from a quarry
quart	n.	a United States liquid unit equal to 32 fluid ounces; four quarts equal one gallon
quart	n.	a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 2 pints or 1.136 liters
quart	n.	a United States dry unit equal to 2 pints or 67.2 cubic inches
quarter	n.	one of four equal parts
quarter	n.	a district of a city having some distinguishing character
quarter	n.	(football, professional basketball) one of four divisions into which some games are divided
quarter	n.	a unit of time equal to 15 minutes or a quarter of an hour
quarter	n.	one of four periods into which the school year is divided
quarter	n.	a fourth part of a year; three months
quarter	n.	one of the four major division of the compass
quarter	n.	a quarter of a hundredweight (25 pounds)
quarter	n.	a quarter of a hundredweight (28 pounds)
quarter	n.	a United States or Canadian coin worth one fourth of a dollar
quarter	n.	an unspecified person
quarter	n.	the rear part of a ship
quarter	n.	piece of leather that comprises the part of a shoe or boot covering the heel and joining the vamp
quarter	n.	clemency or mercy shown to a defeated opponent
quarter	v.	provide housing for (military personnel)
quarter	v.	pull (a person) apart with four horses tied to his extremities, so as to execute him
quarter	v.	divide into quarters
quarter	v.	divide by four; divide into quarters
quarterback	n.	(football) the person who plays quarterback
quarterback	n.	(American football) the position of the football player in the backfield who directs the offensive play of his team
quarterback	v.	play the quarterback
quarterdeck	n.	the stern area of a ship's upper deck
quarterfinal	n.	one of the four competitions in an elimination tournament whose winners go on to play in the semifinals
quarterly	n.	a periodical that is published every quarter (or four issues per year)
quarterly	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of a quarter
quarterly	adv.	in diagonally opposed quarters of an escutcheon
quarterly	adv.	in three month intervals
quartermaster	n.	an army officer who provides clothing and subsistence for troops
quarterstaff	n.	a long stout staff used as a weapon
quarterstaves	n.	a long stout staff used as a weapon
quartet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
quartet	n.	four performers or singers who perform together
quartet	n.	a set of four similar things considered as a unit
quartet	n.	four people considered as a unit
quartet	n.	a musical composition for four performers
quarto	n.	the size of a book whose pages are made by folding a sheet of paper twice to form four leaves
quartz	n.	colorless glass made of almost pure silica
quartz	n.	a hard glossy mineral consisting of silicon dioxide in crystal form; present in most rocks (especially sandstone and granite); yellow sand is quartz with iron oxide impurities
quasar	n.	a starlike object that may send out radio waves and other forms of energy; many have large red shifts
quash	v.	put down by force or intimidation
quash	v.	declare invalid
quasi	adj.	having some resemblance
quaternary	n.	last 2 million years
quaternary	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one
quaternary	adj.	consisting of or especially arranged in sets of four
quaternary	adj.	coming next after the third and just before the fifth in position or time or degree or magnitude
quatrain	n.	a stanza of four lines
quaver	n.	a tremulous sound
quaver	n.	a musical note having the time value of an eighth of a whole note
quaver	v.	give off unsteady sounds, alternating in amplitude or frequency
quaver	v.	sing or play with trills, alternating with the half note above or below
quay	n.	wharf usually built parallel to the shoreline
queasily	adv.	in a queasy manner
queasiness	n.	a mild state of nausea
queasiness	n.	inability to rest or relax or be still
queasy	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
queasy	adj.	feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit
queasy	adj.	causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
quebec	n.	the French-speaking capital of the province of Quebec; situated on the Saint Lawrence River
quebec	n.	the largest province of Canada; a French colony from 1663 to 1759 when it was lost to the British
quebecois	n.	a native or inhabitant of Quebec (especially one who speaks French)
quebecois	adj.	of or relating to Quebec (especially to the French speaking inhabitants or their culture)
quechua	n.	a member of a South American Indian people in Peru who were formerly the ruling class of the Inca empire
quechua	n.	a community of South American Indians in Peru who were formerly the ruling class of the Incan Empire
quechua	n.	the language of the Quechua which was spoken by the Incas
queen	n.	the only fertile female in a colony of social insects such as bees and ants and termites; its function is to lay eggs
queen	n.	a female sovereign ruler
queen	n.	the wife or widow of a king
queen	n.	something personified as a woman who is considered the best or most important of her kind
queen	n.	a competitor who holds a preeminent position
queen	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
queen	n.	one of four face cards in a deck bearing a picture of a queen
queen	n.	(chess) the most powerful piece
queen	n.	an especially large mole rat and the only member of a colony of naked mole rats to bear offspring which are sired by only a few males
queen	n.	female cat
queen	v.	promote to a queen, as of a pawn in chess
queen	v.	become a queen
queenly	adj.	having the rank of or resembling or befitting a queen
queens	n.	a borough of New York City
queens	n.	the only fertile female in a colony of social insects such as bees and ants and termites; its function is to lay eggs
queens	n.	a female sovereign ruler
queens	n.	the wife or widow of a king
queens	n.	something personified as a woman who is considered the best or most important of her kind
queens	n.	a competitor who holds a preeminent position
queens	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
queens	n.	one of four face cards in a deck bearing a picture of a queen
queens	n.	(chess) the most powerful piece
queens	n.	an especially large mole rat and the only member of a colony of naked mole rats to bear offspring which are sired by only a few males
queens	n.	female cat
queens	v.	promote to a queen, as of a pawn in chess
queens	v.	become a queen
queensland	n.	a state in northeastern Australia
queer	n.	offensive term for an openly homosexual man
queer	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
queer	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
queer	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
queer	adj.	homosexual or arousing homosexual desires
queerness	n.	a strange attitude or habit
queerness	n.	a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the same sex
quell	v.	suppress or crush completely
quell	v.	overcome or allay
quench	v.	satisfy (thirst)
quench	v.	put out, as of fires, flames, or lights
quench	v.	electronics: suppress (sparking) when the current is cut off in an inductive circuit, or suppress (an oscillation or discharge) in a component or device
quench	v.	suppress or crush completely
quench	v.	reduce the degree of (luminescence or phosphorescence) in (excited molecules or a material) by adding a suitable substance
quench	v.	cool (hot metal) by plunging into cold water or other liquid
quenchless	adj.	impossible to quench
querulous	adj.	habitually complaining
querulousness	n.	the quality of being given to complaining
query	n.	an instance of questioning
query	v.	pose a question
quesadilla	n.	a tortilla that is filled with cheese and heated
quest	n.	a search for an alternative that meets cognitive criteria
quest	n.	the act of searching for something
quest	v.	make a search (for)
quest	v.	search the trail of (game)
quest	v.	bark with prolonged noises, of dogs
quest	v.	seek alms, as for religious purposes
quest	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
quested	v.	make a search (for)
quested	v.	search the trail of (game)
quested	v.	bark with prolonged noises, of dogs
quested	v.	seek alms, as for religious purposes
quested	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
questing	v.	make a search (for)
questing	v.	search the trail of (game)
questing	v.	bark with prolonged noises, of dogs
questing	v.	seek alms, as for religious purposes
questing	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
question	n.	an instance of questioning
question	n.	the subject matter at issue
question	n.	a sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply
question	n.	uncertainty about the truth or factuality or existence of something
question	n.	a formal proposal for action made to a deliberative assembly for discussion and vote
question	n.	an informal reference to a marriage proposal
question	v.	challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of
question	v.	pose a series of questions to
question	v.	pose a question
question	v.	conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting
question	v.	place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
questionable	adj.	subject to question
questionable	adj.	able to be refuted
questionably	adv.	in a questionable and dubious manner
questioned	v.	challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of
questioned	v.	pose a series of questions to
questioned	v.	pose a question
questioned	v.	conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting
questioned	v.	place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
questioner	n.	someone who asks a question
questioning	n.	a request for information
questioning	v.	challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of
questioning	v.	pose a series of questions to
questioning	v.	pose a question
questioning	v.	conduct an interview in television, newspaper, and radio reporting
questioning	v.	place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
questioning	adj.	perplexed (as if being expected to know something that you do not know)
questioning	adj.	marked by or given to doubt
questioning	adj.	showing curiosity
questionnaire	n.	a form containing a set of questions; submitted to people to gain statistical information
quetzalcoatl	n.	an Aztec deity represented as a plumed serpent
queue	n.	a line of people or vehicles waiting for something
queue	n.	(information processing) an ordered list of tasks to be performed or messages to be transmitted
queue	n.	a braid of hair at the back of the head
queue	v.	form a queue, form a line, stand in line
queuing	v.	form a queue, form a line, stand in line
quibble	n.	an evasion of the point of an argument by raising irrelevant distinctions or objections
quibble	v.	evade the truth of a point or question by raising irrelevant objections
quibble	v.	argue over petty things
quibbler	n.	a disputant who quibbles; someone who raises annoying petty objections
quiche	n.	a member of the Mayan people of south central Guatemala
quiche	n.	a tart filled with rich unsweetened custard; often contains other ingredients (as cheese or ham or seafood or vegetables)
quiche	n.	the Mayan language spoken by the Quiche
quick	n.	any area of the body that is highly sensitive to pain (as the flesh underneath the skin or a fingernail or toenail)
quick	adj.	accomplished rapidly and without delay
quick	adj.	hurried and brief
quick	adj.	moving quickly and lightly
quick	adj.	apprehending and responding with speed and sensitivity
quick	adj.	performed with little or no delay
quick	adj.	easily aroused or excited
quick	adv.	with little or no delay
quicken	v.	move faster
quicken	v.	make keen or more acute
quicken	v.	give life or energy to
quicken	v.	show signs of life
quicken	v.	give new life or energy to
quickie	n.	hurried repair
quicklime	n.	a white crystalline oxide used in the production of calcium hydroxide
quickness	n.	skillful performance or ability without difficulty
quickness	n.	intelligence as revealed by an ability to give correct responses without delay
quickness	n.	a rate that is rapid
quicksand	n.	a treacherous situation that tends to entrap and destroy
quicksand	n.	a pit filled with loose wet sand into which objects are sucked down
quicksilver	n.	a heavy silvery toxic univalent and bivalent metallic element; the only metal that is liquid at ordinary temperatures
quicksilver	adj.	liable to sudden unpredictable change
quickstep	n.	military march accompanying quick time
quickstep	n.	a ballroom dance with both quick and slow steps
quickstep	v.	perform a quickstep
quid	n.	the basic unit of money in Great Britain and Northern Ireland; equal to 100 pence
quid	n.	something for something; that which a party receives (or is promised) in return for something he does or gives or promises
quid	n.	a wad of something chewable as tobacco
quiescence	n.	a state of quiet (but possibly temporary) inaction
quiescence	n.	quiet and inactive restfulness
quiescent	adj.	not active or activated
quiescent	adj.	marked by a state of tranquil repose
quiescent	adj.	being quiet or still or inactive
quiescent	adj.	(pathology) causing no symptoms
quiet	n.	a period of calm weather
quiet	n.	an untroubled state; free from disturbances
quiet	n.	the absence of sound
quiet	n.	a disposition free from stress or emotion
quiet	v.	become quiet or quieter
quiet	v.	make calm or still
quiet	adj.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity
quiet	adj.	free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound
quiet	adj.	not showy or obtrusive
quiet	adj.	in a softened tone
quiet	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
quiet	adj.	of the sun characterized by a low level of surface phenomena like sunspots e.g.
quiet	adv.	with little or no activity or no agitation (`quiet' is a nonstandard variant for `quietly')
quieten	v.	become quiet or quieter
quieten	v.	make calm or still
quieten	v.	cause to be quiet or not talk
quietism	n.	a form of religious mysticism requiring withdrawal from all human effort and passive contemplation of God
quietness	n.	the property of making no sound
quietness	n.	a state of peace and quiet
quietude	n.	a state of peace and quiet
quietus	n.	euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb)
quiff	n.	a prominent forelock (especially one brushed upward from the forehead)
quill	n.	pen made from a bird's feather
quill	n.	a stiff hollow protective spine on a porcupine or hedgehog
quill	n.	any of the larger wing or tail feathers of a bird
quill	n.	the hollow spine of a feather
quilt	n.	bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched together
quilt	v.	stitch or sew together
quilt	v.	create by stitching together
quilting	n.	stitching through layers of fabric and a filling so as to create a design
quilting	n.	a material used for making a quilt, or a quilted fabric
quilting	v.	stitch or sew together
quilting	v.	create by stitching together
quin	n.	one of five children born at the same time from the same pregnancy
quince	n.	small Asian tree with pinkish flowers and pear-shaped fruit; widely cultivated
quince	n.	aromatic acid-tasting pear-shaped fruit used in preserves
quincy	n.	American patriot who presented the colonists' grievances to the English king (1744-1775)
quine	n.	United States philosopher and logician who championed an empirical view of knowledge that depended on language (1908-2001)
quinidine	n.	cardiac drug (trade names Quinidex and Quinora) used to treat certain heart arrhythmias
quinine	n.	a bitter alkaloid extracted from chinchona bark; used in malaria therapy
quinsy	n.	a painful pus filled inflammation of the tonsils and surrounding tissues; usually a complication of tonsillitis
quint	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
quint	n.	one of five children born at the same time from the same pregnancy
quintessence	n.	the fifth and highest element after air and earth and fire and water; was believed to be the substance composing all heavenly bodies
quintessence	n.	the purest and most concentrated essence of something
quintessence	n.	the most typical example or representative of a type
quintessential	adj.	representing the perfect example of a class or quality
quintet	n.	a musical composition for five performers
quintet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
quintet	n.	five performers or singers who perform together
quintet	n.	a set of five similar things considered as a unit
quintet	n.	five people considered as a unit
quintuple	n.	a set of five similar things considered as a unit
quintuple	v.	increase fivefold
quintuple	adj.	having five units or components
quintuplet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
quintuplet	n.	one of five children born at the same time from the same pregnancy
quintuplet	n.	a set of five similar things considered as a unit
quip	n.	a witty saying
quip	n.	witty remark
quip	v.	make jokes or quips
quipped	v.	make jokes or quips
quipping	v.	make jokes or quips
quire	n.	a quantity of paper; 24 or 25 sheets
quirk	n.	a strange attitude or habit
quirk	n.	a narrow groove beside a beading
quirk	v.	twist or curve abruptly
quirkiness	n.	a strange attitude or habit
quirky	adj.	informal terms; strikingly unconventional
quirt	n.	whip with a leather thong at the end
quisling	n.	someone who collaborates with an enemy occupying force
quit	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
quit	v.	give up or retire from a position
quit	v.	go away or leave
quit	v.	turn away from; give up
quit	v.	give up in the face of defeat of lacking hope; admit defeat
quitclaim	n.	document transferring title or right or claim to another
quitclaim	n.	act of transferring a title or right or claim to another
quite	adv.	to a degree (not used with a negative)
quite	adv.	to the greatest extent; completely
quite	adv.	of an unusually noticeable or exceptional or remarkable kind (not used with a negative)
quite	adv.	actually or truly or to an extreme
quito	n.	the capital of Ecuador
quittance	n.	a document or receipt certifying release from an obligation or debt
quittance	n.	payment of a debt or obligation
quitter	n.	a person who gives up too easily
quitting	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
quitting	v.	give up or retire from a position
quitting	v.	go away or leave
quitting	v.	turn away from; give up
quitting	v.	give up in the face of defeat of lacking hope; admit defeat
quiver	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
quiver	n.	a shaky motion
quiver	n.	case for holding arrows
quiver	n.	the act of vibrating
quiver	v.	shake with fast, tremulous movements
quiver	v.	move back and forth very rapidly
quiver	v.	move with or as if with a regular alternating motion
quixotic	adj.	not sensible about practical matters; idealistic and unrealistic
quixotically	adv.	in a quixotic manner
quixotism	n.	quixotic (romantic and impractical) behavior
quiz	n.	an examination consisting of a few short questions
quiz	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
quizzed	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
quizzer	n.	someone who administers a test to determine your qualifications
quizzes	n.	an examination consisting of a few short questions
quizzes	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
quizzical	adj.	playfully vexing (especially by ridicule); - Lawrence Durrell
quizzical	adj.	perplexed (as if being expected to know something that you do not know)
quizzing	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
quoin	n.	expandable metal or wooden wedge used by printers to lock up a form within a chase
quoin	n.	the keystone of an arch
quoin	n.	(architecture) solid exterior angle of a building; especially one formed by a cornerstone
quoit	n.	game equipment consisting of a ring of iron or circle of rope used in playing the game of quoits
quondam	adj.	belonging to some prior time
quorum	n.	a gathering of the minimal number of members of an organization to conduct business
quota	n.	a prescribed number
quota	n.	a proportional share assigned to each participant
quota	n.	a limitation on imports
quotability	n.	the quality of being worthy of being quoted
quotation	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
quotation	n.	a passage or expression that is quoted or cited
quotation	n.	a statement of the current market price of a security or commodity
quotation	n.	the practice of quoting from books or plays etc.
quote	n.	a punctuation mark used to attribute the enclosed text to someone else
quote	n.	a passage or expression that is quoted or cited
quote	v.	repeat a passage from
quote	v.	name the price of
quote	v.	refer to for illustration or proof
quote	v.	put quote marks around
quotidian	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
quotient	n.	the ratio of two quantities to be divided
quotient	n.	the number obtained by division
quran	n.	the sacred writings of Islam revealed by God to the prophet Muhammad during his life at Mecca and Medina
r	n.	a unit of radiation exposure; the dose of ionizing radiation that will produce 1 electrostatic unit of electricity in 1 cc of dry air
r	n.	(physics) the universal constant in the gas equation: pressure times volume = R times temperature; equal to 8.3143 joules per kelvin per mole
r	n.	the 18th letter of the Roman alphabet
r	n.	the length of a line segment between the center and circumference of a circle or sphere
ra	n.	an intensely radioactive metallic element that occurs in minute amounts in uranium ores
ra	n.	ancient Egyptian sun god with the head of a hawk; a universal creator; he merged with the god Amen as Amen-Ra to become the king of the gods
ra	n.	(astronomy) the equatorial coordinate specifying the angle, measured eastward along the celestial equator, from the vernal equinox to the intersection of the hour circle that passes through an object in the sky; usually expressed in hours and minutes and seconds; used with declination to specify positions on the celestial sphere
rabat	n.	the capital of Morocco; located in the northwestern on the Atlantic coast
rabbet	n.	a rectangular groove made to hold two pieces together
rabbet	v.	join with a rabbet joint
rabbet	v.	cut a rectangular groove into
rabbi	n.	spiritual leader of a Jewish congregation; qualified to expound and apply Jewish law
rabbi	n.	a Hebrew title of respect for a Jewish scholar or teacher
rabbinate	n.	rabbis collectively
rabbinate	n.	the office or function of a rabbi
rabbinic	adj.	of or relating to rabbis or their teachings
rabbinical	adj.	of or relating to rabbis or their teachings
rabbit	n.	any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and short tails; some domesticated and raised for pets or food
rabbit	n.	the fur of a rabbit
rabbit	n.	flesh of any of various rabbits or hares (wild or domesticated) eaten as food
rabbit	v.	hunt rabbits
rabble	n.	a disorderly crowd of people
rabble	n.	disparaging terms for the common people
rabelais	n.	author of satirical attacks on medieval scholasticism (1494-1553)
rabelaisian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Francois Rabelais or his works
rabid	adj.	of or infected by rabies
rabid	adj.	marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea
rabidness	n.	unrestrained excitement or enthusiasm
rabies	n.	an acute viral disease of the nervous system of warm-blooded animals (usually transmitted by the bite of a rabid animal); rabies is fatal if the virus reaches the brain
raccoon	n.	the fur of the North American racoon
raccoon	n.	an omnivorous nocturnal mammal native to North America and Central America
race	n.	any competition
race	n.	a contest of speed
race	n.	people who are believed to belong to the same genetic stock
race	n.	(biology) a taxonomic group that is a division of a species; usually arises as a consequence of geographical isolation within a species
race	n.	the flow of air that is driven backwards by an aircraft propeller
race	n.	a canal for a current of water
race	v.	move fast
race	v.	compete in a race
race	v.	to work as fast as possible towards a goal, sometimes in competition with others
race	v.	cause to move fast or to rush or race
racecourse	n.	a course over which races are run
racehorse	n.	a horse bred for racing
raceme	n.	usually elongate cluster of flowers along the main stem in which the flowers at the base open first
racer	n.	someone who drives racing cars at high speeds
racer	n.	a fast car that competes in races
racer	n.	an animal that races
racer	n.	slender fast-moving North American snakes
racetrack	n.	a course over which races are run
raceway	n.	a canal for a current of water
raceway	n.	a course over which races are run
rachel	n.	(Old Testament) the second wife of Jacob and mother of Joseph and Benjamin
rachmaninoff	n.	composer and piano virtuoso born in Russia (1873-1943)
racial	adj.	of or related to genetically distinguished groups of people
racial	adj.	of or characteristic of race or races or arising from differences among groups
racialism	n.	discriminatory or abusive behavior towards members of another race
racialist	n.	a person with a prejudiced belief that one race is superior to others
racily	adv.	in a racy manner
racine	n.	French advocate of Jansenism; tragedian who based his works on Greek and Roman themes (1639-1699)
racine	n.	a city in southeastern Wisconsin on Lake Michigan to the south of Milwaukee
raciness	n.	a strong odor or taste property
raciness	n.	behavior or language bordering on indelicacy
racing	n.	the sport of engaging in contests of speed
racing	v.	move fast
racing	v.	compete in a race
racing	v.	to work as fast as possible towards a goal, sometimes in competition with others
racing	v.	cause to move fast or to rush or race
racism	n.	the prejudice that members of one race are intrinsically superior to members of other races
racism	n.	discriminatory or abusive behavior towards members of another race
racist	n.	a person with a prejudiced belief that one race is superior to others
racist	adj.	based on racial intolerance
racist	adj.	discriminatory especially on the basis of race or religion
rack	n.	framework for holding objects
rack	n.	rib section of a forequarter of veal or pork or especially lamb or mutton
rack	n.	the destruction or collapse of something
rack	n.	an instrument of torture that stretches or disjoints or mutilates victims
rack	n.	a support for displaying various articles
rack	n.	a form of torture in which pain is inflicted by stretching the body
rack	n.	a rapid gait of a horse in which each foot strikes the ground separately
rack	v.	go at a rack
rack	v.	stretch to the limits
rack	v.	put on a rack and pinion
rack	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
rack	v.	run before a gale
rack	v.	fly in high wind
rack	v.	draw off from the lees
rack	v.	torment emotionally or mentally
rack	v.	work on a rack
rack	v.	seize together, as of parallel ropes of a tackle in order to prevent running through the block
rack	v.	torture on the rack
racket	n.	a loud and disturbing noise
racket	n.	an illegal enterprise (such as extortion or fraud or drug peddling or prostitution) carried on for profit
racket	n.	the auditory experience of sound that lacks musical quality; sound that is a disagreeable auditory experience
racket	n.	a sports implement (usually consisting of a handle and an oval frame with a tightly interlaced network of strings) used to strike a ball (or shuttlecock) in various games
racket	v.	celebrate noisily, often indulging in drinking; engage in uproarious festivities
racket	v.	make loud and annoying noises
racket	v.	hit (a ball) with a racket
racketeer	n.	someone who commits crimes for profit (especially one who obtains money by fraud or extortion)
racketeer	v.	carry on illegal business activities involving crime
racketeering	n.	engaging in a racket
racketeering	v.	carry on illegal business activities involving crime
raconteur	n.	a person skilled in telling anecdotes
racquetball	n.	the ball used in playing the game of racquetball
racquetball	n.	a game played on a handball court with short-handled rackets
racy	adj.	full of zest or vigor
racy	adj.	marked by richness and fullness of flavor
racy	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
racy	adj.	designed or suitable for competing in a race
rad	n.	a unit of absorbed ionizing radiation equal to 100 ergs per gram of irradiated material
rad	n.	the unit of plane angle adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; equal to the angle at the center of a circle subtended by an arc equal in length to the radius (approximately 57.295 degrees)
radar	n.	measuring instrument in which the echo of a pulse of microwave radiation is used to detect and locate distant objects
raddled	v.	twist or braid together, interlace
raddled	v.	mark or paint with raddle
raddled	adj.	used until no longer useful
raddled	adj.	showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; ; ; ; - Charles Dickens
radial	n.	pneumatic tire that has radial-ply casing
radial	adj.	relating to or near the radius
radial	adj.	relating to or moving along or having the direction of a radius
radial	adj.	issuing in rays from a common center; relating to rays of light
radial	adj.	arranged like rays or radii; radiating from a common center
radian	n.	the unit of plane angle adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; equal to the angle at the center of a circle subtended by an arc equal in length to the radius (approximately 57.295 degrees)
radiance	n.	the amount of electromagnetic radiation leaving or arriving at a point on a surface
radiance	n.	the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
radiance	n.	an attractive combination of good health and happiness
radiant	adj.	radiating or as if radiating light
radiate	v.	send out rays or waves
radiate	v.	send out real or metaphoric rays
radiate	v.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center
radiate	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
radiate	v.	cause to be seen by emitting light as if in rays
radiate	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
radiate	v.	issue or emerge in rays or waves
radiate	v.	spread into new habitats and produce variety or variegate
radiate	adj.	arranged like rays or radii; radiating from a common center
radiate	adj.	having rays or ray-like parts as in the flower heads of daisies
radiation	n.	energy that is radiated or transmitted in the form of rays or waves or particles
radiation	n.	the act of spreading outward from a central source
radiation	n.	syndrome resulting from exposure to ionizing radiation (e.g., exposure to radioactive chemicals or to nuclear explosions); low doses cause diarrhea and nausea and vomiting and sometimes loss of hair; greater exposure can cause sterility and cataracts and some forms of cancer and other diseases; severe exposure can cause death within hours
radiation	n.	the spontaneous emission of a stream of particles or electromagnetic rays in nuclear decay
radiation	n.	the spread of a group of organisms into new habitats
radiation	n.	a radial arrangement of nerve fibers connecting different parts of the brain
radiation	n.	(medicine) the treatment of disease (especially cancer) by exposure to a radioactive substance
radiator	n.	any object that radiates energy
radiator	n.	heater consisting of a series of pipes for circulating steam or hot water to heat rooms or buildings
radiator	n.	a mechanism consisting of a metal honeycomb through which hot fluids circulate; heat is transferred from the fluid through the honeycomb to the airstream that is created either by the motion of the vehicle or by a fan
radical	n.	(chemistry) two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule
radical	n.	an atom or group of atoms with at least one unpaired electron; in the body it is usually an oxygen molecule that has lost an electron and will stabilize itself by stealing an electron from a nearby molecule
radical	n.	a person who has radical ideas or opinions
radical	n.	(mathematics) a quantity expressed as the root of another quantity
radical	n.	a character conveying the lexical meaning of a logogram
radical	n.	(linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed
radical	adj.	(used of opinions and actions) far beyond the norm
radical	adj.	markedly new or introducing radical change
radical	adj.	arising from or going to the root or source
radical	adj.	of or relating to or constituting a linguistic root
radical	adj.	especially of leaves; located at the base of a plant or stem; especially arising directly from the root or rootstock or a root-like stem
radicalism	n.	the political orientation of those who favor revolutionary change in government and society
radicalize	v.	make more radical in social or political outlook
radicchio	n.	prized variety of chicory having globose heads of red leaves
radii	n.	the length of a line segment between the center and circumference of a circle or sphere
radii	n.	a straight line from the center to the perimeter of a circle (or from the center to the surface of a sphere)
radii	n.	a circular region whose area is indicated by the length of its radius
radii	n.	the outer and slightly shorter of the two bones of the human forearm
radii	n.	support consisting of a radial member of a wheel joining the hub to the rim
radio	n.	medium for communication
radio	n.	an electronic receiver that detects and demodulates and amplifies transmitted signals
radio	n.	a communication system based on broadcasting electromagnetic waves
radio	v.	transmit messages via radio waves
radio	adj.	indicating radiation or radioactivity
radioactive	adj.	exhibiting or caused by radioactivity
radioactivity	n.	the spontaneous emission of a stream of particles or electromagnetic rays in nuclear decay
radiocarbon	n.	a radioactive isotope of carbon
radiogram	n.	a message transmitted by wireless telegraphy
radiogram	n.	a photographic image produced on a radiosensitive surface by radiation other than visible light (especially by X-rays or gamma rays)
radiographer	n.	a person who makes radiographs
radiography	n.	the process of making a radiograph; producing an image on a radiosensitive surface by radiation other than visible light
radiography	n.	photography that uses other kinds of radiation than visible light
radioisotope	n.	a radioactive isotope of an element; produced either naturally or artificially
radiologist	n.	a medical specialist who uses radioactive substances and X-rays in the treatment of disease
radiology	n.	the branch of medical science dealing with the medical use of X-rays or other penetrating radiation
radiology	n.	(radiology) examination of the inner structure of opaque objects using X rays or other penetrating radiation
radiometer	n.	meter to detect and measure radiant energy (electromagnetic or acoustic)
radiophone	n.	a telephone that communicates by radio waves rather than along cables
radioscopy	n.	(radiology) examination of the inner structure of opaque objects using X rays or other penetrating radiation
radiotelegraph	n.	telegraphy that uses transmission by radio rather than by wire
radiotelegraph	n.	the use of radio to send telegraphic messages (usually by Morse code)
radiotelegraphs	n.	telegraphy that uses transmission by radio rather than by wire
radiotelegraphs	n.	the use of radio to send telegraphic messages (usually by Morse code)
radiotelegraphy	n.	telegraphy that uses transmission by radio rather than by wire
radiotelegraphy	n.	the use of radio to send telegraphic messages (usually by Morse code)
radiotelephone	n.	telephony that uses transmission by radio rather than by wire
radiotelephone	n.	a telephone that communicates by radio waves rather than along cables
radiotherapist	n.	a medical specialist who uses radioactive substances and X-rays in the treatment of disease
radiotherapy	n.	(medicine) the treatment of disease (especially cancer) by exposure to a radioactive substance
radish	n.	pungent fleshy edible root
radish	n.	radish of Japan with a long hard durable root eaten raw or cooked
radish	n.	pungent edible root of any of various cultivated radish plants
radish	n.	Eurasian plant widely cultivated for its edible pungent root usually eaten raw
radish	n.	a cruciferous plant of the genus Raphanus having a pungent edible root
radium	n.	an intensely radioactive metallic element that occurs in minute amounts in uranium ores
radius	n.	the length of a line segment between the center and circumference of a circle or sphere
radius	n.	a straight line from the center to the perimeter of a circle (or from the center to the surface of a sphere)
radius	n.	a circular region whose area is indicated by the length of its radius
radius	n.	the outer and slightly shorter of the two bones of the human forearm
radius	n.	support consisting of a radial member of a wheel joining the hub to the rim
radon	n.	a radioactive gaseous element formed by the disintegration of radium; the heaviest of the inert gasses; occurs naturally (especially in areas over granite) and is considered a hazard to health
raf	n.	the airforce of Great Britain
raf	n.	a Marxist and Maoist terrorist organization in Germany; a network of underground guerillas who committed acts of violence in the service of the class struggle; a successor to the Baader-Meinhof Gang; became one of Europe's most feared terrorist groups; disbanded in 1998
raffia	n.	leaf fibers of the raffia palm tree; used to make baskets and mats etc.
raffia	n.	fiber of a raffia palm used as light cordage and in making hats and baskets
raffia	n.	feather palm of tropical Africa and Madagascar and Central and South America widely grown for commercial purposes
raffish	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
raffish	adj.	marked by a carefree unconventionality or disreputableness; - Crary Moore
raffle	n.	a lottery in which the prizes are goods rather than money
raffle	v.	dispose of in a lottery
raffles	n.	British colonial administrator who founded Singapore (1781-1826)
raffles	n.	a lottery in which the prizes are goods rather than money
raffles	v.	dispose of in a lottery
raft	n.	a flat float (usually made of logs or planks) that can be used for transport or as a platform for swimmers
raft	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
raft	v.	transport on a raft
raft	v.	travel by raft in water
raft	v.	make into a raft
rafter	n.	one of several parallel sloping beams that support a roof
rafter	n.	someone who travels by raft
rafter	v.	provide (a ceiling) with rafters
rafting	v.	transport on a raft
rafting	v.	travel by raft in water
rafting	v.	make into a raft
rag	n.	a small piece of cloth or paper
rag	n.	a week at British universities during which side-shows and processions of floats are organized to raise money for charities
rag	n.	music with a syncopated melody (usually for the piano)
rag	n.	newspaper with half-size pages
rag	n.	a boisterous practical joke (especially by college students)
rag	v.	treat cruelly
rag	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
rag	v.	play in ragtime
rag	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
rag	v.	censure severely or angrily
rag	v.	break into lumps before sorting
ragamuffin	n.	a dirty shabbily clothed urchin
ragbag	n.	a motley assortment of things
ragbag	n.	a bag in which rags are kept
rage	n.	a feeling of intense anger
rage	n.	a state of extreme anger
rage	n.	something that is desired intensely
rage	n.	violent state of the elements
rage	n.	an interest followed with exaggerated zeal
rage	v.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger
rage	v.	be violent; as of fires and storms
rage	v.	feel intense anger
ragged	v.	treat cruelly
ragged	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
ragged	v.	play in ragtime
ragged	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
ragged	v.	censure severely or angrily
ragged	v.	break into lumps before sorting
ragged	adj.	being or dressed in clothes that are worn or torn
ragged	adj.	worn out from stress or strain
ragged	adj.	having an irregular outline
raggedness	n.	a texture of a surface or edge that is not smooth but is irregular and uneven
raggedness	n.	shabbiness by virtue of being in rags
ragging	v.	treat cruelly
ragging	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
ragging	v.	play in ragtime
ragging	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
ragging	v.	censure severely or angrily
ragging	v.	break into lumps before sorting
raging	v.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger
raging	v.	be violent; as of fires and storms
raging	v.	feel intense anger
raging	v.	treat cruelly
raging	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
raging	v.	play in ragtime
raging	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
raging	v.	censure severely or angrily
raging	v.	break into lumps before sorting
raging	adj.	characterized by violent and forceful activity or movement; very intense
raging	adj.	very severe
raging	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
raglan	n.	a garment (coat or sweater) that has raglan sleeves
ragnarok	n.	myth about the ultimate destruction of the gods in a battle with evil
ragout	n.	well-seasoned stew of meat and vegetables
ragtag	n.	disparaging terms for the common people
ragtime	n.	music with a syncopated melody (usually for the piano)
ragweed	n.	widespread European weed having yellow daisylike flowers; sometimes an obnoxious weed and toxic to cattle if consumed in quantity
ragweed	n.	any of numerous chiefly North American weedy plants constituting the genus Ambrosia that produce highly allergenic pollen responsible for much hay fever and asthma
ragwort	n.	widespread European weed having yellow daisylike flowers; sometimes an obnoxious weed and toxic to cattle if consumed in quantity
ragwort	n.	American ragwort with yellow flowers
raid	n.	a sudden short attack
raid	n.	an attempt by speculators to defraud investors
raid	v.	search without warning, make a sudden surprise attack on
raid	v.	enter someone else's territory and take spoils
raid	v.	take over (a company) by buying a controlling interest of its stock
raid	v.	search for something needed or desired
raider	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
raider	n.	a corporate investor who intends to take over a company by buying a controlling interest in its stock and installing new management
rail	n.	a barrier consisting of a horizontal bar and supports
rail	n.	short for railway
rail	n.	a bar or pair of parallel bars of rolled steel making the railway along which railroad cars or other vehicles can roll
rail	n.	a horizontal bar (usually of wood or metal)
rail	n.	any of numerous widely distributed small wading birds of the family Rallidae having short wings and very long toes for running on soft mud
rail	v.	complain bitterly
rail	v.	enclose with rails
rail	v.	provide with rails
rail	v.	separate with a railing
rail	v.	convey (goods etc.) by rails
rail	v.	travel by rail or train
rail	v.	lay with rails
rail	v.	fish with a handline over the rails of a boat
rail	v.	spread negative information about
rail	v.	criticize severely
railing	n.	a barrier consisting of a horizontal bar and supports
railing	n.	material for making rails or rails collectively
railing	v.	complain bitterly
railing	v.	enclose with rails
railing	v.	provide with rails
railing	v.	separate with a railing
railing	v.	convey (goods etc.) by rails
railing	v.	travel by rail or train
railing	v.	lay with rails
railing	v.	fish with a handline over the rails of a boat
railing	v.	spread negative information about
railing	v.	criticize severely
raillery	n.	light teasing repartee
railroad	n.	line that is the commercial organization responsible for operating a system of transportation for trains that pull passengers or freight
railroad	n.	a line of track providing a runway for wheels
railroad	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
railroad	v.	supply with railroad lines
railroad	v.	transport by railroad
railroader	n.	an employee of a railroad
railroading	n.	the activity of designing and constructing and operating railroads
railroading	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
railroading	v.	supply with railroad lines
railroading	v.	transport by railroad
railway	n.	line that is the commercial organization responsible for operating a system of transportation for trains that pull passengers or freight
railway	n.	a line of track providing a runway for wheels
railwayman	n.	an employee of a railroad
railwaymen	n.	an employee of a railroad
raiment	n.	especially fine or decorative clothing
raiment	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
rain	n.	water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere
rain	n.	drops of fresh water that fall as precipitation from clouds
rain	n.	anything happening rapidly or in quick successive
rain	v.	precipitate as rain
rainbow	n.	an arc of colored light in the sky caused by refraction of the sun's rays by rain
rainbow	n.	an illusory hope
raincoat	n.	a water-resistant coat
raindrop	n.	a drop of rain
rainfall	n.	water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere
rainier	adj.	(of weather) wet by periods of rain
rainmaker	n.	executive who is very successful in bringing in business to his company or firm
rainmaker	n.	American Indian medicine man who attempt to make it rain
rainmaking	n.	activity intended to produce rain
rainproof	adj.	not permitting the passage of water
rainstorm	n.	a storm with rain
rainwater	n.	drops of fresh water that fall as precipitation from clouds
rainy	adj.	(of weather) wet by periods of rain
raise	n.	the amount a salary is increased
raise	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
raise	n.	increasing the size of a bet (as in poker)
raise	n.	the act of raising something
raise	v.	raise the level or amount of something
raise	v.	raise from a lower to a higher position
raise	v.	cause to be heard or known; express or utter
raise	v.	collect funds for a specific purpose
raise	v.	cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques
raise	v.	bring up
raise	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
raise	v.	move upwards
raise	v.	construct, build, or erect
raise	v.	call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)
raise	v.	create a disturbance, especially by making a great noise
raise	v.	raise in rank or condition
raise	v.	increase
raise	v.	give a promotion to or assign to a higher position
raise	v.	cause to puff up with a leaven
raise	v.	bid (one's partner's suit) at a higher level
raise	v.	bet more than the previous player
raise	v.	cause to assemble or enlist in the military
raise	v.	put forward for consideration or discussion
raise	v.	pronounce (vowels) by bringing the tongue closer to the roof of the mouth
raise	v.	activate or stir up
raise	v.	establish radio communications with
raise	v.	multiply (a number) by itself a specified number of times: 8 is 2 raised to the power 3
raise	v.	bring (a surface or a design) into relief and cause to project
raise	v.	invigorate or heighten
raise	v.	put an end to
raise	v.	cause to become alive again
raiser	n.	a bridge partner who increases the partner's bid
raiser	n.	someone concerned with the science or art or business of cultivating the soil
raisin	n.	dried grape
rajah	n.	a prince or king in India
rajahs	n.	a prince or king in India
rake	n.	a dissolute man in fashionable society
rake	n.	degree of deviation from a horizontal plane
rake	n.	a long-handled tool with a row of teeth at its head; used to move leaves or loosen soil
rake	v.	move through with or as if with a rake
rake	v.	level or smooth with a rake
rake	v.	sweep the length of
rake	v.	examine hastily
rake	v.	gather with a rake
rake	v.	scrape gently
rakish	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
rakish	adj.	marked by a carefree unconventionality or disreputableness; - Crary Moore
rakishness	n.	the quality of a rake
rakishness	n.	stylishness as evidenced by a smart appearance
raleigh	n.	English courtier (a favorite of Elizabeth I) who tried to colonize Virginia; introduced potatoes and tobacco to England (1552-1618)
raleigh	n.	capital of the state of North Carolina; located in the east central part of the North Carolina
rally	n.	a large gathering of people intended to arouse enthusiasm
rally	n.	the feat of mustering strength for a renewed effort
rally	n.	a marked recovery of strength or spirits during an illness
rally	n.	an automobile race run over public roads
rally	n.	(sports) an unbroken sequence of several successive strokes
rally	v.	gather
rally	v.	call to arms; of military personnel
rally	v.	gather or bring together
rally	v.	return to a former condition
rally	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
ram	n.	the most common computer memory which can be used by programs to perform necessary tasks while the computer is on; an integrated circuit memory chip allows information to be stored or accessed in any order and all storage locations are equally accessible
ram	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Aries
ram	n.	the first sign of the zodiac which the sun enters at the vernal equinox; the sun is in this sign from about March 21 to April 19
ram	n.	a tool for driving or forcing something by impact
ram	n.	uncastrated adult male sheep
ram	v.	strike or drive against with a heavy impact
ram	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
ram	v.	undergo damage or destruction on impact
ram	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
rama	n.	avatar of Vishnu whose name is synonymous with God; any of three incarnations: Ramachandra or Parashurama or Balarama
ramadan	n.	the ninth month of the Islamic calendar; the month of fasting; the holiest period for the Islamic faith
ramadan	n.	(Islam) a fast (held from sunrise to sunset) that is carried out during the Islamic month of Ramadan
ramayana	n.	one of two classical Hindu epics telling of the banishment of Rama from his kingdom and the abduction of his wife by a demon and Rama's restoration to the throne
ramble	n.	an aimless amble on a winding course
ramble	v.	continue talking or writing in a desultory manner
ramble	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
rambler	n.	a person who takes long walks in the country
rambler	n.	a person whose speech or writing is not well organized
rambunctious	adj.	noisy and lacking in restraint or discipline
ramekin	n.	a cheese dish made with egg and bread crumbs that is baked and served in individual fireproof dishes
ramekin	n.	a small fireproof dish used for baking and serving individual portions
ramie	n.	tall perennial herb of tropical Asia with dark green leaves; cultivated for the fiber from its woody stems that resembles flax
ramification	n.	the act of branching out or dividing into branches
ramification	n.	a part of a forked or branching shape
ramification	n.	a development that complicates a situation
ramification	n.	an arrangement of branching parts
ramify	v.	have or develop complicating consequences
ramify	v.	grow and send out branches or branch-like structures
ramify	v.	divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork
ramjet	n.	a simple type of jet engine; must be launched at high speed
rammed	v.	strike or drive against with a heavy impact
rammed	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
rammed	v.	undergo damage or destruction on impact
rammed	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
ramming	v.	strike or drive against with a heavy impact
ramming	v.	force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically
ramming	v.	undergo damage or destruction on impact
ramming	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
ramona	n.	shrubby plant with aromatic greyish-green leaves used as a cooking herb
ramp	n.	an inclined surface connecting two levels
ramp	n.	North American perennial having a slender bulb and whitish flowers
ramp	n.	a movable staircase that passengers use to board or leave an aircraft
ramp	v.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger
ramp	v.	furnish with a ramp
ramp	v.	be rampant
ramp	v.	creep up -- used especially of plants
ramp	v.	stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing
rampage	n.	violently angry and destructive behavior
rampage	v.	act violently, recklessly, or destructively
rampant	adj.	unrestrained and violent
rampant	adj.	rearing on left hind leg with forelegs elevated and head usually in profile
rampant	adj.	(of a plant) having a lush and unchecked growth
rampart	n.	an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes
ramrod	n.	a rod used to ram the charge into a muzzle-loading firearm
ramrod	n.	a harshly demanding overseer
ramrod	n.	a rod used to clean the barrel of a firearm
ramses	n.	any of 12 kings of ancient Egypt between 1315 and 1090 BC
ramshackle	adj.	in deplorable condition
ran	v.	move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time
ran	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
ran	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
ran	v.	direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.
ran	v.	have a particular form
ran	v.	move along, of liquids
ran	v.	perform as expected when applied
ran	v.	change or be different within limits
ran	v.	run, stand, or compete for an office or a position
ran	v.	cause to emit recorded audio or video
ran	v.	move about freely and without restraint, or act as if running around in an uncontrolled way
ran	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
ran	v.	be operating, running or functioning
ran	v.	change from one state to another
ran	v.	cause to perform
ran	v.	be affected by; be subjected to
ran	v.	continue to exist
ran	v.	occur persistently
ran	v.	carry out a process or program, as on a computer or a machine
ran	v.	include as the content; broadcast or publicize
ran	v.	carry out
ran	v.	pass over, across, or through
ran	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
ran	v.	make without a miss
ran	v.	deal in illegally, such as arms or liquor
ran	v.	cause an animal to move fast
ran	v.	be diffused
ran	v.	sail before the wind
ran	v.	cover by running; run a certain distance
ran	v.	extend or continue for a certain period of time
ran	v.	set animals loose to graze
ran	v.	keep company
ran	v.	run with the ball; in such sports as football
ran	v.	travel rapidly, by any (unspecified) means
ran	v.	travel a route regularly
ran	v.	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals)
ran	v.	compete in a race
ran	v.	progress by being changed
ran	v.	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating
ran	v.	come unraveled or undone as if by snagging
ran	v.	become undone
ranch	n.	farm consisting of a large tract of land along with facilities needed to raise livestock (especially cattle)
ranch	v.	manage or run a ranch
rancher	n.	a person who owns or operates a ranch
ranching	n.	farming for the raising of livestock (particularly cattle)
ranching	v.	manage or run a ranch
rancid	adj.	(used of decomposing oils or fats) having a rank smell or taste usually due to a chemical change or decomposition
rancid	adj.	smelling of fermentation or staleness
rancidity	n.	the state of being rancid; having a rancid scent or flavor (as of old cooking oil)
rancidness	n.	the property of being rancid
rancor	n.	a feeling of deep and bitter anger and ill-will
rancorous	adj.	showing deep-seated resentment; - Aldous Huxley
rand	n.	the basic unit of money in South Africa; equal to 100 cents
rand	n.	United States writer (born in Russia) noted for her polemical novels and political conservativism (1905-1982)
rand	n.	a rocky region in the southern Transvaal in northeastern South Africa; contains rich gold deposits and coal and manganese
random	adj.	lacking any definite plan or order or purpose; governed by or depending on chance
randomization	n.	a deliberately haphazard arrangement of observations so as to simulate chance
randomize	v.	arrange in random order
randomness	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity representing the amount of energy in a system that is no longer available for doing mechanical work
randomness	n.	the quality of lacking any predictable order or plan
randy	adj.	feeling great sexual desire
ranee	n.	(the feminine of raja) a Hindu princess or the wife of a raja
rang	v.	sound loudly and sonorously
rang	v.	ring or echo with sound
rang	v.	make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification
rang	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
rang	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
rang	v.	attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify
range	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
range	n.	the limits within which something can be effective
range	n.	a large tract of grassy open land on which livestock can graze
range	n.	a series of hills or mountains
range	n.	a place for shooting (firing or driving) projectiles of various kinds
range	n.	a variety of different things or activities
range	n.	(mathematics) the set of values of the dependent variable for which a function is defined
range	n.	the limit of capability
range	n.	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food
range	v.	change or be different within limits
range	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
range	v.	have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun
range	v.	range or extend over; occupy a certain area
range	v.	lay out orderly or logically in a line or as if in a line
range	v.	feed as in a meadow or pasture
range	v.	let eat
range	v.	assign a rank or rating to
rangefinder	n.	a measuring instrument (acoustic or optical or electronic) for finding the distance of an object
ranger	n.	a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who maintained order on the frontier
ranger	n.	an official who is responsible for managing and protecting an area of forest
ranger	n.	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids
rangoon	n.	the capital and largest city of Myanmar; located in the south near the Irrawaddy river delta
rangy	adj.	tall and thin and having long slender limbs
rangy	adj.	adapted to wandering or roaming
rangy	adj.	allowing ample room for ranging
rank	n.	a row or line of people (especially soldiers or police) standing abreast of one another
rank	n.	relative status
rank	n.	the ordinary members of an organization (such as the enlisted soldiers of an army)
rank	n.	position in a social hierarchy
rank	n.	the body of members of an organization or group
rank	v.	take or have a position relative to others
rank	v.	assign a rank or rating to
rank	v.	take precedence or surpass others in rank
rank	adj.	very fertile; producing profuse growth
rank	adj.	very offensive in smell or taste
rank	adj.	conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible
rank	adj.	complete and without restriction or qualification; sometimes used informally as intensifiers
rank	adj.	growing profusely
rankin	n.	leader in the women's suffrage movement in Montana; the first woman to serve in the United States House of Representatives (1880-1973)
rankine	n.	a unit of temperature on the Rankine scale
ranking	n.	position on a scale in relation to others in a sport
ranking	v.	take or have a position relative to others
ranking	v.	assign a rank or rating to
ranking	v.	take precedence or surpass others in rank
ranking	adj.	having a higher rank
rankle	v.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry
rankness	n.	the property of producing abundantly and sustaining vigorous and luxuriant growth
rankness	n.	the attribute of having a strong offensive smell
ransack	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
ransack	v.	search thoroughly
ransom	n.	money demanded for the return of a captured person
ransom	n.	payment for the release of someone
ransom	n.	the act of freeing from captivity or punishment
ransom	v.	exchange or buy back for money; under threat
rant	n.	a loud bombastic declamation expressed with strong emotion
rant	n.	pompous or pretentious talk or writing
rant	v.	talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner
ranter	n.	someone who rants and raves; speaks in a violent or loud manner
rap	n.	a reproach for some lapse or misdeed
rap	n.	a gentle blow
rap	n.	the sound made by a gentle blow
rap	n.	voluble conversation
rap	n.	genre of African-American music of the 1980s and 1990s in which rhyming lyrics are chanted to a musical accompaniment; several forms of rap have emerged
rap	n.	the act of hitting vigorously
rap	v.	strike sharply
rap	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
rap	v.	perform rap music
rap	v.	talk volubly
rapacious	adj.	living by preying on other animals especially by catching living prey
rapacious	adj.	excessively greedy and grasping
rapacious	adj.	devouring or craving food in great quantities
rapaciousness	n.	extreme gluttony
rapaciousness	n.	an excessive desire for wealth (usually in large amounts)
rapacity	n.	extreme gluttony
rapacity	n.	reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins)
rape	n.	Eurasian plant cultivated for its seed and as a forage crop
rape	n.	the act of despoiling a country in warfare
rape	n.	the crime of forcing a woman to submit to sexual intercourse against her will
rape	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
rape	v.	destroy and strip of its possession
raper	n.	someone who forces another to have sexual intercourse
rapeseed	n.	seed of rape plants; source of an edible oil
raphael	n.	Italian painter whose many paintings exemplify the ideals of the High Renaissance (1483-1520)
raphael	n.	an archangel of the Hebrew tradition
rapid	n.	a part of a river where the current is very fast
rapid	adj.	done or occurring in a brief period of time
rapid	adj.	characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed
rapidity	n.	a rate that is rapid
rapidness	n.	a rate that is rapid
rapier	n.	a straight sword with a narrow blade and two edges
rapine	n.	the act of despoiling a country in warfare
rapist	n.	someone who forces another to have sexual intercourse
rapped	v.	strike sharply
rapped	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
rapped	v.	perform rap music
rapped	v.	talk volubly
rappel	n.	(mountaineering) a descent of a vertical cliff or wall made by using a doubled rope that is fixed to a higher point and wrapped around the body
rappel	v.	lower oneself with a rope coiled around the body from a mountainside
rappelled	v.	lower oneself with a rope coiled around the body from a mountainside
rappelling	v.	lower oneself with a rope coiled around the body from a mountainside
rapper	n.	someone who performs rap music
rapper	n.	a device (usually metal and ornamental) attached by a hinge to a door
rapping	v.	strike sharply
rapping	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
rapping	v.	perform rap music
rapping	v.	talk volubly
rapport	n.	a relationship of mutual understanding or trust and agreement between people
rapporteur	n.	a recorder appointed by a committee to prepare reports of the meetings
rapprochement	n.	the reestablishing of cordial relations
rapscallion	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
rapscallion	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
rapt	adj.	feeling great rapture or delight
raptor	n.	any of numerous carnivorous birds that hunt and kill other animals
rapture	n.	a state of being carried away by overwhelming emotion; - Charles Dickens
rapture	n.	a state of elated bliss
rapturous	adj.	feeling great rapture or delight
rare	adj.	not widely known; especially valued for its uncommonness
rare	adj.	recurring only at long intervals
rare	adj.	not widely distributed
rare	adj.	having low density
rare	adj.	marked by an uncommon quality; especially superlative or extreme of its kind; -J.R.Lowell
rare	adj.	(of meat) cooked a short time; still red inside
rarebit	n.	cheese melted with ale or beer served over toast
rarefaction	n.	a decrease in the density of something
rarefy	v.	lessen the density or solidity of
rarefy	v.	make more subtle or refined
rarefy	v.	weaken the consistency of (a chemical substance)
rareness	n.	noteworthy scarcity
rarity	n.	noteworthy scarcity
rarity	n.	a rarified quality
rarity	n.	something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting
rascal	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
rascal	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
rash	n.	any red eruption of the skin
rash	n.	a series of unexpected and unpleasant occurrences
rash	adj.	imprudently incurring risk; - George Meredith
rash	adj.	marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences; ; -Macaulay
rasher	n.	a commercially important fish of the Pacific coast of North America
rasher	adj.	imprudently incurring risk; - George Meredith
rasher	adj.	marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences; ; -Macaulay
rashness	n.	the trait of acting rashly and without prudence
rashness	n.	the trait of giving little thought to danger
rasmussen	n.	Danish ethnologist and Arctic explorer; led expeditions into the Arctic to find support for his theory that Eskimos and North American Indians originally migrated from Asia (1879-1933)
rasp	n.	uttering in an irritated tone
rasp	n.	a coarse file with sharp pointed projections
rasp	v.	scrape with a rasp
rasp	v.	utter in a grating voice
raspberry	n.	woody brambles bearing usually red but sometimes black or yellow fruits that separate from the receptacle when ripe and are rounder and smaller than blackberries
raspberry	n.	red or black edible aggregate berries usually smaller than the related blackberries
raspberry	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
rasputin	n.	Siberian peasant monk who was religious advisor in the court of Nicholas II; was assassinated by Russian noblemen who feared that his debauchery would weaken the monarchy (1872-1916)
raspy	adj.	unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound
rasta	n.	follower of Rastafarianism
rastafarian	n.	follower of Rastafarianism
rastafarian	n.	(Ethiopia) adherents of an African religion that regards Ras Tafari as divine
rastafarian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Rastafarianism or Rastafarians
rastafarianism	n.	a religious cult based on a belief that Ras Tafari (Haile Selassie) is the Messiah and that Africa (especially Ethiopia) is the Promised Land
raster	n.	the rectangular formation of parallel scanning lines that guide the electron beam on a television screen or a computer monitor
rat	n.	any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse
rat	n.	someone who works (or provides workers) during a strike
rat	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
rat	n.	one who reveals confidential information in return for money
rat	n.	a pad (usually made of hair) worn as part of a woman's coiffure
rat	v.	desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage
rat	v.	employ scabs or strike breakers in
rat	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
rat	v.	give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat
rat	v.	catch rats, especially with dogs
rat	v.	give away information about somebody
ratatouille	n.	a vegetable stew; usually made with tomatoes, eggplant, zucchini, peppers, onion, and seasonings
ratchet	n.	mechanical device consisting of a toothed wheel or rack engaged with a pawl that permits it to move in only one direction
ratchet	v.	move by degrees in one direction only
rate	n.	a magnitude or frequency relative to a time unit
rate	n.	amount of a charge or payment relative to some basis
rate	n.	the relative speed of progress or change
rate	n.	a quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion of another quantity or amount or measure
rate	v.	assign a rank or rating to
rate	v.	be worthy of or have a certain rating
rate	v.	estimate the value of
rated	v.	assign a rank or rating to
rated	v.	be worthy of or have a certain rating
rated	v.	estimate the value of
rated	v.	desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage
rated	v.	employ scabs or strike breakers in
rated	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
rated	v.	give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat
rated	v.	catch rats, especially with dogs
rated	v.	give away information about somebody
ratepayer	n.	a person who pays local rates (especially a householder)
rather	adv.	on the contrary
rather	adv.	to some (great or small) extent
rather	adv.	more readily or willingly
rather	adv.	to a degree (not used with a negative)
rathskeller	n.	a tavern below street level featuring beer; originally a German restaurant in the basement of city hall
ratification	n.	making something valid by formally ratifying or confirming it
ratifier	n.	someone who expresses strong approval
ratify	v.	approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation
rating	n.	an appraisal of the value of something
rating	n.	act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of
rating	n.	standing or position on a scale
rating	n.	rank in a military organization
rating	v.	assign a rank or rating to
rating	v.	be worthy of or have a certain rating
rating	v.	estimate the value of
rating	v.	desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage
rating	v.	employ scabs or strike breakers in
rating	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
rating	v.	give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat
rating	v.	catch rats, especially with dogs
rating	v.	give away information about somebody
ratio	n.	the relative magnitudes of two quantities (usually expressed as a quotient)
ratio	n.	the relation between things (or parts of things) with respect to their comparative quantity, magnitude, or degree
ratiocinate	v.	reason methodologically and logically
ratiocination	n.	the proposition arrived at by logical reasoning (such as the proposition that must follow from the major and minor premises of a syllogism)
ratiocination	n.	logical and methodical reasoning
ration	n.	the food allowance for one day (especially for service personnel)
ration	n.	a fixed portion that is allotted (especially in times of scarcity)
ration	v.	restrict the consumption of a relatively scarce commodity, as during war
ration	v.	distribute in rations, as in the army
rational	n.	an integer or a fraction
rational	adj.	consistent with or based on or using reason
rational	adj.	of or associated with or requiring the use of the mind
rational	adj.	capable of being expressed as a quotient of integers
rational	adj.	having its source in or being guided by the intellect (as distinguished from experience or emotion)
rationale	n.	(law) an explanation of the fundamental reasons (especially an explanation of the working of some device in terms of laws of nature)
rationalism	n.	(philosophy) the doctrine that knowledge is acquired by reason without resort to experience
rationalism	n.	the theological doctrine that human reason rather than divine revelation establishes religious truth
rationalism	n.	the doctrine that reason is the right basis for regulating conduct
rationalist	n.	someone who emphasizes observable facts and excludes metaphysical speculation about origins or ultimate causes
rationalist	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of rationalism
rationalistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of rationalism
rationality	n.	the state of having good sense and sound judgment
rationality	n.	the quality of being consistent with or based on logic
rationalization	n.	the cognitive process of making something seem consistent with or based on reason
rationalization	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism by which your true motivation is concealed by explaining your actions and feelings in a way that is not threatening
rationalization	n.	(mathematics) the simplification of an expression or equation by eliminating radicals without changing the value of the expression or the roots of the equation
rationalization	n.	the organization of a business according to scientific principles of management in order to increase efficiency
rationalization	n.	systematic organization; the act of organizing something according to a system or a rationale
rationalize	v.	defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning
rationalize	v.	weed out unwanted or unnecessary things
rationalize	v.	structure and run according to rational or scientific principles in order to achieve desired results
rationalize	v.	think rationally; employ logic or reason
rationalize	v.	remove irrational quantities from
ratlike	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a rat
ratline	n.	(nautical) a small horizontal rope between the shrouds of a sailing ship; they form a ladder for climbing aloft
rattan	n.	climbing palm of Sri Lanka and southern India remarkable for the great length of the stems which are used for malacca canes
rattan	n.	the stem of various climbing palms of the genus Calamus and related genera used to make wickerwork and furniture and canes
rattan	n.	a switch made from the stems of the rattan palms
ratted	v.	desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage
ratted	v.	employ scabs or strike breakers in
ratted	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
ratted	v.	give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat
ratted	v.	catch rats, especially with dogs
ratted	v.	give away information about somebody
ratter	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
ratter	n.	any of several breeds of terrier developed to catch rats
ratting	n.	to furnish incriminating evidence to an officer of the law (usually in return for favors)
ratting	v.	desert one's party or group of friends, for example, for one's personal advantage
ratting	v.	employ scabs or strike breakers in
ratting	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
ratting	v.	give (hair) the appearance of being fuller by using a rat
ratting	v.	catch rats, especially with dogs
ratting	v.	give away information about somebody
rattle	n.	a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in some types of respiratory disorders)
rattle	n.	a baby's toy that makes percussive noises when shaken
rattle	n.	loosely connected horny sections at the end of a rattlesnake's tail
rattle	v.	make short successive sounds
rattle	v.	shake and cause to make a rattling noise
rattler	n.	pit viper with horny segments at the end of the tail that rattle when shaken
rattler	n.	a railroad train consisting of freight cars
rattlesnake	n.	pit viper with horny segments at the end of the tail that rattle when shaken
rattrap	n.	a difficult entangling situation
rattrap	n.	filthy run-down dilapidated housing
rattrap	n.	a trap for catching rats
ratty	adj.	of or characteristic of rats
ratty	adj.	showing signs of wear and tear
ratty	adj.	dirty and infested with rats
raucous	adj.	unpleasantly loud and harsh
raucous	adj.	disturbing the public peace; loud and rough
raunchy	adj.	earthy and sexually explicit
raunchy	adj.	suggestive of or tending to moral looseness
raunchy	adj.	thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot
ravage	n.	(usually plural) a destructive action
ravage	v.	make a pillaging or destructive raid on (a place), as in wartimes
ravage	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
ravages	n.	(usually plural) a destructive action
ravages	v.	make a pillaging or destructive raid on (a place), as in wartimes
ravages	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
rave	n.	a dance party that lasts all night and electronically synthesized music is played
rave	n.	an extravagantly enthusiastic review
rave	v.	participate in an all-night techno dance party
rave	v.	talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner
rave	v.	praise enthusiastically
ravel	n.	French composer and exponent of Impressionism (1875-1937)
ravel	n.	a row of unravelled stitches
ravel	v.	disentangle
ravel	v.	tangle or complicate
raveling	n.	a bit of fiber that has become separated from woven fabric
raveling	v.	disentangle
raveling	v.	tangle or complicate
raven	n.	large black bird with a straight bill and long wedge-shaped tail
raven	v.	obtain or seize by violence
raven	v.	prey on or hunt for
raven	v.	eat greedily
raven	v.	feed greedily
ravenous	adj.	extremely hungry
ravenous	adj.	devouring or craving food in great quantities
ravine	n.	a deep narrow steep-sided valley (especially one formed by running water)
raving	n.	declaiming wildly
raving	v.	participate in an all-night techno dance party
raving	v.	talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner
raving	v.	praise enthusiastically
raving	adv.	in a raving manner
ravioli	n.	small circular or square cases of dough with savory fillings
ravish	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
ravish	v.	hold spellbound
ravisher	n.	someone who assaults others sexually
ravisher	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
ravishing	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
ravishing	v.	hold spellbound
ravishing	adj.	stunningly beautiful
ravishment	n.	a feeling of delight at being filled with wonder and enchantment
ravishment	n.	the crime of forcing a woman to submit to sexual intercourse against her will
raw	n.	informal terms for nakedness
raw	adj.	(used especially of commodities) being unprocessed or manufactured using only simple or minimal processes
raw	adj.	having the surface exposed and painful
raw	adj.	not treated with heat to prepare it for eating
raw	adj.	not processed or refined
raw	adj.	devoid of elaboration or diminution or concealment; bare and pure
raw	adj.	brutally unfair or harsh
raw	adj.	not processed or subjected to analysis
raw	adj.	untempered and unrefined
raw	adj.	hurting
raw	adj.	unpleasantly cold and damp
raw	adj.	used of wood and furniture
raw	adj.	lacking training or experience
raw	adj.	(used informally) completely unclothed
rawalpindi	n.	an ancient city in northeastern Pakistan; served as capital of Pakistan while Islamabad was being built
rawboned	adj.	having a lean and bony physique
rawhide	n.	untanned hide especially of cattle; cut in strips it is used for whips and ropes
rawness	n.	a chilly dampness
rawness	n.	the state of being crude and incomplete and imperfect
rawness	n.	a pain that is felt (as when the area is touched)
rawness	n.	lack of experience and the knowledge and understanding derived from experience
ray	n.	a column of light (as from a beacon)
ray	n.	a branch of an umbel or an umbelliform inflorescence
ray	n.	(mathematics) a straight line extending from a point
ray	n.	a group of nearly parallel lines of electromagnetic radiation
ray	n.	the syllable naming the second (supertonic) note of any major scale in solmization
ray	n.	any of the stiff bony spines in the fin of a fish
ray	n.	cartilaginous fishes having horizontally flattened bodies and enlarged winglike pectoral fins with gills on the underside; most swim by moving the pectoral fins
ray	v.	emit as rays
ray	v.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center
ray	v.	expose to radiation
rayleigh	n.	English physicist who studied the density of gases and discovered argon; made important contributions to acoustic theory (1842-1919)
rayon	n.	a synthetic silklike fabric
raze	v.	tear down so as to make flat with the ground
razor	n.	edge tool used in shaving
razor	v.	shave with a razor
razorback	n.	a mongrel hog with a thin body and long legs and a ridged back; a wild or semi-wild descendant of improved breeds; found chiefly in the southeastern United States
razorback	n.	any of several baleen whales of the family Balaenopteridae having longitudinal grooves on the throat and a small pointed dorsal fin
razorback	adj.	having a sharp narrow back
razz	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
razz	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
razzmatazz	n.	any exciting and complex play intended to confuse (dazzle) the opponent
rb	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the alkali metal group; burns in air and reacts violently in water; occurs in carnallite and lepidolite and pollucite
rbi	n.	a run that is the result of the batter's performance
rcmp	n.	the federal police force of Canada
re	n.	a rare heavy polyvalent metallic element that resembles manganese chemically and is used in some alloys; is obtained as a by-product in refining molybdenum
re	n.	ancient Egyptian sun god with the head of a hawk; a universal creator; he merged with the god Amen as Amen-Ra to become the king of the gods
re	n.	the syllable naming the second (supertonic) note of any major scale in solmization
reach	n.	the limits within which something can be effective
reach	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
reach	n.	the act of physically reaching or thrusting out
reach	n.	the limit of capability
reach	v.	reach a destination, either real or abstract
reach	v.	reach a point in time, or a certain state or level
reach	v.	move forward or upward in order to touch; also in a metaphorical sense
reach	v.	be in or establish communication with
reach	v.	to gain with effort
reach	v.	to extend as far as
reach	v.	reach a goal, e.g.,
reach	v.	place into the hands or custody of
reach	v.	to exert much effort or energy
reachable	adj.	easily approached
react	v.	show a response or a reaction to something
react	v.	act against or in opposition to
react	v.	undergo a chemical reaction; react with another substance under certain conditions
reactance	n.	opposition to the flow of electric current resulting from inductance and capacitance (rather than resistance)
reactant	n.	a chemical substance that is present at the start of a chemical reaction
reactionary	n.	an extreme conservative; an opponent of progress or liberalism
reactionary	adj.	extremely conservative
reactivity	n.	responsive to stimulation
reactivity	n.	ready susceptibility to chemical change
read	n.	something that is read
read	v.	interpret something that is written or printed
read	v.	have or contain a certain wording or form
read	v.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed
read	v.	obtain data from magnetic tapes
read	v.	interpret the significance of, as of palms, tea leaves, intestines, the sky; also of human behavior
read	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
read	v.	be a student of a certain subject
read	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
read	v.	audition for a stage role by reading parts of a role
read	v.	to hear and understand
read	v.	make sense of a language
readability	n.	the quality of written language that makes it easy to read and understand
readability	n.	a quality of writing (print or handwriting) that can be easily read
reader	n.	a person who enjoys reading
reader	n.	someone who contracts to receive and pay for a service or a certain number of issues of a publication
reader	n.	a person who can read; a literate person
reader	n.	someone who reads manuscripts and judges their suitability for publication
reader	n.	someone who reads proof in order to find errors and mark corrections
reader	n.	someone who reads the lessons in a church service; someone ordained in a minor order of the Roman Catholic Church
reader	n.	a public lecturer at certain universities
reader	n.	one of a series of texts for students learning to read
readership	n.	the audience reached by written communications (books or magazines or newspapers etc.)
readily	adv.	without much difficulty
readily	adv.	in a punctual manner
readiness	n.	the state of having been made ready or prepared for use or action (especially military action)
readiness	n.	prompt willingness
readiness	n.	(psychology) being temporarily ready to respond in a particular way
readiness	n.	a natural effortlessness; ; --Jane Austen
reading	n.	the cognitive process of understanding a written linguistic message
reading	n.	a particular interpretation or performance
reading	n.	a datum about some physical state that is presented to a user by a meter or similar instrument
reading	n.	written material intended to be read
reading	n.	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something
reading	n.	a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England
reading	n.	a public instance of reciting or repeating (from memory) something prepared in advance
reading	n.	the act of measuring with meters or similar instruments
reading	v.	interpret something that is written or printed
reading	v.	have or contain a certain wording or form
reading	v.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed
reading	v.	obtain data from magnetic tapes
reading	v.	interpret the significance of, as of palms, tea leaves, intestines, the sky; also of human behavior
reading	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
reading	v.	be a student of a certain subject
reading	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
reading	v.	audition for a stage role by reading parts of a role
reading	v.	to hear and understand
reading	v.	make sense of a language
readout	n.	the output of a computer in readable form
readout	n.	the information displayed or recorded on an electronic device
readout	n.	an electronic device the displays information is a visual form
ready	n.	poised for action
ready	v.	prepare for eating by applying heat
ready	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
ready	adj.	completely prepared or in condition for immediate action or use or progress
ready	adj.	(of especially money) immediately available
ready	adj.	mentally disposed
ready	adj.	made suitable and available for immediate use
ready	adj.	apprehending and responding with speed and sensitivity
reagan	n.	40th President of the United States (1911-2004)
real	n.	any rational or irrational number
real	n.	the basic unit of money in Brazil; equal to 100 centavos
real	n.	an old small silver Spanish coin
real	adj.	being or occurring in fact or actuality; having verified existence; not illusory; ; ; ; ; ; - Longfellow
real	adj.	no less than what is stated; worthy of the name
real	adj.	not to be taken lightly
real	adj.	capable of being treated as fact
real	adj.	being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; ; - G.K.Chesterton
real	adj.	of, relating to, or representing an amount that is corrected for inflation
real	adj.	having substance or capable of being treated as fact; not imaginary; ; ; - Shakespeare
real	adj.	(of property) fixed or immovable
real	adj.	coinciding with reality; - F.A.Olafson
real	adv.	used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal
realism	n.	the attribute of accepting the facts of life and favoring practicality and literal truth
realism	n.	the state of being actual or real
realism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical doctrine that physical objects continue to exist when not perceived
realism	n.	an artistic movement in 19th century France; artists and writers strove for detailed realistic and factual description
realism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical doctrine that abstract concepts exist independent of their names
realist	n.	a philosopher who believes that universals are real and exist independently of anyone thinking of them
realist	n.	a person who accepts the world as it literally is and deals with it accordingly
realist	n.	a painter who represents the world realistically and not in an idealized or romantic style
realistic	adj.	aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are
realistic	adj.	representing what is real; not abstract or ideal
realistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of realism
realistically	adv.	in a realistic manner
realities	n.	all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you
realities	n.	the state of being actual or real
realities	n.	the state of the world as it really is rather than as you might want it to be
realities	n.	the quality possessed by something that is real
reality	n.	all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you
reality	n.	the state of being actual or real
reality	n.	the state of the world as it really is rather than as you might want it to be
reality	n.	the quality possessed by something that is real
realization	n.	coming to understand something clearly and distinctly
realization	n.	making real or giving the appearance of reality
realization	n.	a musical composition that has been completed or enriched by someone other than the composer
realization	n.	a sale in order to obtain money (as a sale of stock or a sale of the estate of a bankrupt person) or the money so obtained
realization	n.	the completion or enrichment of a piece of music left sparsely notated by a composer
realization	n.	something that is made real or concrete
realize	v.	be fully aware or cognizant of
realize	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
realize	v.	make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
realize	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
realize	v.	convert into cash; of goods and property
realize	v.	expand or complete (a part in a piece of baroque music) by supplying the harmonies indicated in the figured bass
realized	v.	be fully aware or cognizant of
realized	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
realized	v.	make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
realized	v.	earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages
realized	v.	convert into cash; of goods and property
realized	v.	expand or complete (a part in a piece of baroque music) by supplying the harmonies indicated in the figured bass
realized	adj.	successfully completed or brought to an end
realm	n.	a domain in which something is dominant
realm	n.	the domain ruled by a king or queen
realm	n.	a knowledge domain that you are interested in or are communicating about
realness	n.	the state of being actual or real
realpolitik	n.	politics based on practical rather than moral or ideological considerations
realtor	n.	a real estate agent who is a member of the National Association of Realtors
realty	n.	property consisting of houses and land
ream	n.	a large quantity of written matter
ream	n.	a quantity of paper; 480 or 500 sheets; one ream equals 20 quires
ream	v.	squeeze the juice out (of a fruit) with a reamer
ream	v.	remove by making a hole or by boring
ream	v.	enlarge with a reamer
reamer	n.	a squeezer with a conical ridged center that is used for squeezing juice from citrus fruit
reamer	n.	a drill that is used to shape or enlarge holes
reap	v.	gather, as of natural products
reap	v.	get or derive
reaper	n.	someone who helps to gather the harvest
reaper	n.	Death personified as an old man or a skeleton with a scythe
reaper	n.	farm machine that gathers a food crop from the fields
rear	n.	the back of a military formation or procession
rear	n.	the side of an object that is opposite its front
rear	n.	the part of something that is furthest from the normal viewer
rear	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
rear	n.	the side that goes last or is not normally seen
rear	v.	stand up on the hind legs, of quadrupeds
rear	v.	bring up
rear	v.	rise up
rear	v.	cause to rise up
rear	v.	construct, build, or erect
rear	adj.	located in or toward the back or rear
rearguard	n.	a detachment assigned to protect the rear of a (retreating) military body
rearmost	adj.	located farthest to the rear
rearward	n.	direction toward the rear
rearward	adj.	located in or toward the back or rear
rearward	adj.	directed or moving toward the rear
rearward	adv.	at or to or toward the back or rear
reason	n.	a rational motive for a belief or action
reason	n.	an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
reason	n.	the capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination
reason	n.	the state of having good sense and sound judgment
reason	n.	a justification for something existing or happening
reason	n.	a fact that logically justifies some premise or conclusion
reason	v.	decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion
reason	v.	present reasons and arguments
reason	v.	think logically
reasonable	adj.	showing reason or sound judgment
reasonable	adj.	not excessive or extreme
reasonable	adj.	marked by sound judgment
reasonableness	n.	the state of having good sense and sound judgment
reasonableness	n.	goodness of reason and judgment
reasonableness	n.	the property of being moderate in price or expenditures
reasonableness	n.	moderation in expectations
reasonableness	n.	the quality of being plausible or acceptable to a reasonable person
reasonably	adv.	to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
reasonably	adv.	with good sense or in a reasonable or intelligent manner
reasoner	n.	someone who reasons logically
reasoning	n.	thinking that is coherent and logical
reasoning	v.	decide by reasoning; draw or come to a conclusion
reasoning	v.	present reasons and arguments
reasoning	v.	think logically
reasoning	adj.	endowed with the capacity to reason
reassuring	v.	cause to feel sure; give reassurance to
reassuring	v.	give or restore confidence in; cause to feel sure or certain
reassuring	adj.	restoring confidence and relieving anxiety
rebate	n.	a refund of some fraction of the amount paid
rebate	n.	a rectangular groove made to hold two pieces together
rebate	v.	give a reduction in the price during a sale
rebate	v.	cut a rebate in (timber or stone)
rebate	v.	join with a rebate
rebekah	n.	(Old Testament) wife of Isaac and mother of Jacob and Esau
rebel	n.	`Johnny' was applied as a nickname for Confederate soldiers by the Federal soldiers in the American Civil War; `greyback' derived from their grey Confederate uniforms
rebel	n.	a person who takes part in an armed rebellion against the constituted authority (especially in the hope of improving conditions)
rebel	n.	someone who exhibits great independence in thought and action
rebel	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
rebel	v.	break with established customs
rebellion	n.	refusal to accept some authority or code or convention
rebellion	n.	organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
rebellious	adj.	resisting control or authority
rebellious	adj.	discontented as toward authority
rebellious	adj.	participating in organized resistance to a constituted government
rebelliousness	n.	intentionally contemptuous behavior or attitude
rebelliousness	n.	an insubordinate act
rebirth	n.	after death the soul begins a new cycle of existence in another human body
rebirth	n.	a second or new birth
rebirth	n.	the revival of learning and culture
rebirth	n.	a spiritual enlightenment causing a person to lead a new life
rebuild	v.	build again
rebuke	n.	an act or expression of criticism and censure
rebuke	v.	censure severely or angrily
rebuking	v.	censure severely or angrily
rebuttal	n.	the speech act of refuting by offering a contrary contention or argument
rebuttal	n.	(law) a pleading by the defendant in reply to a plaintiff's surrejoinder
recalcitrance	n.	the trait of being unmanageable
recalcitrant	adj.	stubbornly resistant to authority or control
recalcitrant	adj.	marked by stubborn resistance to authority
recant	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
recantation	n.	a disavowal or taking back of a previous assertion
recap	n.	a summary at the end that repeats the substance of a longer discussion
recap	n.	a used automobile tire that has been remolded to give it new treads
recap	v.	summarize briefly
recce	n.	reconnaissance (by shortening)
receipt	n.	the act of receiving
receipt	n.	an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment has been made
receipt	v.	report the receipt of
receipt	v.	mark or stamp as paid
receivables	n.	money that you currently expect to receive from notes or accounts
receive	v.	get something; come into possession of
receive	v.	receive a specified treatment (abstract)
receive	v.	register (perceptual input)
receive	v.	go through (mental or physical states or experiences)
receive	v.	express willingness to have in one's home or environs
receive	v.	accept as true or valid
receive	v.	bid welcome to; greet upon arrival
receive	v.	convert into sounds or pictures
receive	v.	experience as a reaction
receive	v.	have or give a reception
receive	v.	receive as a retribution or punishment
receive	v.	partake of the Holy Eucharist sacrament
receive	v.	regard favorably or with disapproval
receiver	n.	set that receives radio or tv signals
receiver	n.	(law) a person (usually appointed by a court of law) who liquidates assets or preserves them for the benefit of affected parties
receiver	n.	earphone that converts electrical signals into sounds
receiver	n.	a person who receives something
receiver	n.	the tennis player who receives the serve
receiver	n.	a football player who catches (or is supposed to catch) a forward pass
receivership	n.	the state of property that is in the hands of a receiver
receivership	n.	a court action that places property under the control of a receiver during litigation so that it can be preserved for the benefit of all
receivership	n.	the office of a receiver
recent	n.	approximately the last 10,000 years
recent	adj.	new
recent	adj.	of the immediate past or just previous to the present time
recentness	n.	a time immediately before the present
recentness	n.	the property of having happened or appeared not long ago
receptacle	n.	a container that is used to put or keep things in
receptacle	n.	enlarged tip of a stem that bears the floral parts
receptacle	n.	an electrical (or electronic) fitting that is connected to a source of power and equipped to receive an insert
reception	n.	the manner in which something is greeted
reception	n.	a formal party of people; as after a wedding
reception	n.	quality or fidelity of a received broadcast
reception	n.	the act of receiving
reception	n.	(American football) the act of catching a pass in football
receptionist	n.	a secretary whose main duty is to answer the telephone and receive visitors
receptive	adj.	open to arguments, ideas, or change
receptive	adj.	ready or willing to receive favorably
receptive	adj.	of a nerve fiber or impulse originating outside and passing toward the central nervous system
receptive	adj.	able to absorb liquid (not repellent)
receptiveness	n.	willingness or readiness to receive (especially impressions or ideas)
receptivity	n.	willingness or readiness to receive (especially impressions or ideas)
receptor	n.	a cellular structure that is postulated to exist in order to mediate between a chemical agent that acts on nervous tissue and the physiological response
receptor	n.	an organ having nerve endings (in the skin or viscera or eye or ear or nose or mouth) that respond to stimulation
recess	n.	a state of abeyance or suspended business
recess	n.	a small concavity
recess	n.	an arm off of a larger body of water (often between rocky headlands)
recess	n.	an enclosure that is set back or indented
recess	n.	a pause from doing something (as work)
recess	v.	put into a recess
recess	v.	make a recess in
recess	v.	close at the end of a session
recessional	n.	the withdrawal of the clergy and choir from the chancel to the vestry at the end of a church service
recessional	n.	a hymn that is sung at the end of a service as the clergy and choir withdraw
recessional	adj.	of or relating to receding
recessionary	adj.	of or pertaining to a recession
recessive	n.	an allele that produces its characteristic phenotype only when its paired allele is identical
recessive	adj.	of or pertaining to a recession
recessive	adj.	(of genes) producing its characteristic phenotype only when its allele is identical
recherche	adj.	lavishly elegant and refined
recidivism	n.	habitual relapse into crime
recidivist	n.	someone who is repeatedly arrested for criminal behavior (especially for the same criminal behavior)
recidivist	n.	someone who lapses into previous undesirable patterns of behavior
recife	n.	a port city of northeastern Brazil on the Atlantic
recipe	n.	directions for making something
recipient	n.	a person who receives something
recipient	n.	the semantic role of the animate entity that is passively involved in the happening denoted by the verb in the clause
reciprocal	n.	something (a term or expression or concept) that has a reciprocal relation to something else
reciprocal	n.	(mathematics) one of a pair of numbers whose product is 1: the reciprocal of 2/3 is 3/2; the multiplicative inverse of 7 is 1/7
reciprocal	n.	hybridization involving a pair of crosses that reverse the sexes associated with each genotype
reciprocal	adj.	concerning each of two or more persons or things; especially given or done in return
reciprocal	adj.	of or relating to the multiplicative inverse of a quantity or function
reciprocate	v.	act, feel, or give mutually or in return
reciprocate	v.	alternate the direction of motion of
reciprocation	n.	the act of making or doing something in return
reciprocation	n.	alternating back-and-forth movement
reciprocation	n.	mutual interaction; the activity of reciprocating or exchanging (especially information)
reciprocity	n.	a relation of mutual dependence or action or influence
reciprocity	n.	mutual exchange of commercial or other privileges
recital	n.	the act of giving an account describing incidents or a course of events
recital	n.	performance of music or dance especially by soloists
recital	n.	a public instance of reciting or repeating (from memory) something prepared in advance
recital	n.	a detailed statement giving facts and figures
recital	n.	a detailed account or description of something
recitalist	n.	a musician who gives recitals
recitative	n.	a vocal passage of narrative text that a singer delivers with natural rhythms of speech
reciter	n.	someone who recites from memory
reckless	adj.	marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences; ; -Macaulay
reckless	adj.	characterized by careless unconcern; - Edith Wharton
recklessness	n.	the trait of giving little thought to danger
reckon	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
reckon	v.	judge to be probable
reckon	v.	deem to be
reckon	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
reckon	v.	have faith or confidence in
reckon	v.	take account of
reckoning	n.	problem solving that involves numbers or quantities
reckoning	n.	a bill for an amount due
reckoning	n.	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order
reckoning	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
reckoning	v.	judge to be probable
reckoning	v.	deem to be
reckoning	v.	make a mathematical calculation or computation
reckoning	v.	have faith or confidence in
reckoning	v.	take account of
reclamation	n.	the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation
reclamation	n.	rescuing from error and returning to a rightful course
reclamation	n.	the recovery of useful substances from waste products
recline	v.	move the upper body backwards and down
recline	v.	cause to recline
recline	v.	lean in a comfortable resting position
recliner	n.	an armchair whose back can be lowered and foot can be raised to allow the sitter to recline in it
recluse	n.	one who lives in solitude
recluse	adj.	withdrawn from society; seeking solitude
recognizable	adj.	easily perceived; easy to become aware of
recognizable	adj.	capable of being recognized
recognizably	adv.	to a recognizable degree
recognize	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
recognize	v.	be fully aware or cognizant of
recognize	v.	detect with the senses
recognize	v.	perceive to be the same
recognize	v.	grant credentials to
recognize	v.	express greetings upon meeting someone
recognize	v.	express obligation, thanks, or gratitude for
recognize	v.	exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate)
recognize	v.	show approval or appreciation of
recognized	v.	accept (someone) to be what is claimed or accept his power and authority
recognized	v.	be fully aware or cognizant of
recognized	v.	detect with the senses
recognized	v.	perceive to be the same
recognized	v.	grant credentials to
recognized	v.	express greetings upon meeting someone
recognized	v.	express obligation, thanks, or gratitude for
recognized	v.	exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate)
recognized	v.	show approval or appreciation of
recognized	adj.	generally approved or compelling recognition
recognized	adj.	provided with a secure reputation
recombination	n.	(physics) a combining of charges or transfer of electrons in a gas that results in the neutralization of ions; important for ions arising from the passage of high-energy particles
recombination	n.	(genetics) a combining of genes or characters different from what they were in the parents
recompense	n.	payment or reward (as for service rendered)
recompense	n.	the act of compensating for service or loss or injury
recompense	v.	make amends for; pay compensation for
recompense	v.	make payment to; compensate
reconcile	v.	make (one thing) compatible with (another)
reconcile	v.	bring into consonance or accord
reconcile	v.	come to terms
reconcile	v.	accept as inevitable
reconciliation	n.	the reestablishing of cordial relations
reconciliation	n.	getting two things to correspond
recondite	adj.	difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge
reconnaissance	n.	the act of reconnoitring (especially to gain information about an enemy or potential enemy)
reconnoiter	v.	explore, often with the goal of finding something or somebody
reconstruct	v.	reassemble mentally
reconstruct	v.	build again
reconstruct	v.	cause somebody to adapt or reform socially or politically
reconstruct	v.	return to its original or usable and functioning condition
reconstruct	v.	do over, as of (part of) a house
reconstructed	v.	reassemble mentally
reconstructed	v.	build again
reconstructed	v.	cause somebody to adapt or reform socially or politically
reconstructed	v.	return to its original or usable and functioning condition
reconstructed	v.	do over, as of (part of) a house
reconstructed	adj.	adapted to social or economic change
reconstruction	n.	the period after the American Civil War when the southern states were reorganized and reintegrated into the Union; 1865-1877
reconstruction	n.	the activity of constructing something again
reconstruction	n.	an interpretation formed by piecing together bits of evidence
reconstruction	n.	recall that is hypothesized to work by storing abstract features which are then used to construct the memory during recall
recorded	v.	make a record of; set down in permanent form
recorded	v.	register electronically
recorded	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
recorded	v.	be aware of
recorded	v.	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
recorded	adj.	set down or registered in a permanent form especially on film or tape for reproduction
recorded	adj.	(of securities) having the owner's name entered in a register
recorder	n.	equipment for making records
recorder	n.	someone responsible for keeping records
recorder	n.	a barrister or solicitor who serves as part-time judge in towns or boroughs
recorder	n.	a tubular wind instrument with 8 finger holes and a fipple mouthpiece
recording	n.	a signal that encodes something (e.g., picture or sound) that has been recorded
recording	n.	the act of making a record (especially an audio record)
recording	n.	a storage device on which information (sounds or images) have been recorded
recording	v.	make a record of; set down in permanent form
recording	v.	register electronically
recording	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
recording	v.	be aware of
recording	v.	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
recoup	v.	reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss
recoup	v.	regain or make up for
recoup	v.	retain and refrain from disbursing; of payments
recourse	n.	act of turning to for assistance
recourse	n.	something or someone turned to for assistance or security
recoverable	adj.	capable of being recovered or regained
recovery	n.	return to an original state
recovery	n.	gradual healing (through rest) after sickness or injury
recovery	n.	the act of regaining or saving something lost (or in danger of becoming lost)
recreant	n.	an abject coward
recreant	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
recreant	adj.	having deserted a cause or principle
recreant	adj.	lacking even the rudiments of courage; abjectly fearful; ; ; - Spenser
recreational	adj.	of or relating to recreation
recreational	adj.	engaged in as a pastime
recriminate	v.	return an accusation against someone or engage in mutual accusations; charge in return
recrimination	n.	mutual accusations
recriminatory	adj.	countering one charge with another
recrudesce	v.	happen
recrudesce	v.	become raw or open
recrudescence	n.	a return of something after a period of abatement
recrudescent	adj.	the revival of an unfortunate situation after a period of abatement
recruit	n.	a recently enlisted soldier
recruit	n.	any new member or supporter (as in the armed forces)
recruit	v.	register formally as a participant or member
recruit	v.	seek to employ
recruit	v.	cause to assemble or enlist in the military
recruiter	n.	someone who supplies members or employees
recruiter	n.	an official who enlists personnel for military service
recruitment	n.	the act of getting recruits; enlisting people for the army (or for a job or a cause etc.)
rectal	adj.	of or involving the rectum
rectangle	n.	a parallelogram with four right angles
rectangular	adj.	having four right angles
rectangular	adj.	having a set of mutually perpendicular axes; meeting at right angles
rectifiable	adj.	capable of being repaired or rectified
rectification	n.	(chemistry) the process of refinement or purification of a substance by distillation
rectification	n.	the conversion of alternating current to direct current
rectification	n.	the act of offering an improvement to replace a mistake; setting right
rectification	n.	determination of the length of a curve; finding a straight line equal in length to a given curve
rectifier	n.	electrical device that transforms alternating into direct current
rectifier	n.	a person who corrects or sets right
rectify	v.	math: determine the length of
rectify	v.	reduce to a fine, unmixed, or pure state; separate from extraneous matter or cleanse from impurities
rectify	v.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one
rectify	v.	set straight or right
rectify	v.	make right or correct
rectify	v.	convert into direct current
rectilinear	adj.	characterized by a straight line or lines
rectitude	n.	righteousness as a consequence of being honorable and honest
recto	n.	right-hand page
rector	n.	a person authorized to conduct religious worship
rectory	n.	an official residence provided by a church for its parson or vicar or rector
rectum	n.	the terminal section of the alimentary canal; from the sigmoid flexure to the anus
recumbent	adj.	lying down; in a position of comfort or rest
recuperate	v.	regain or make up for
recuperate	v.	regain a former condition after a financial loss
recuperate	v.	restore to good health or strength
recuperate	v.	get over an illness or shock
recuperation	n.	gradual healing (through rest) after sickness or injury
recur	v.	happen or occur again
recur	v.	return in thought or speech to something
recur	v.	have recourse to
recurred	v.	happen or occur again
recurred	v.	return in thought or speech to something
recurred	v.	have recourse to
recurrence	n.	happening again (especially at regular intervals)
recurring	v.	happen or occur again
recurring	v.	return in thought or speech to something
recurring	v.	have recourse to
recurring	adj.	coming back
recursion	n.	(mathematics) an expression such that each term is generated by repeating a particular mathematical operation
recuse	v.	disqualify oneself (as a judge) in a particular case
recuse	v.	challenge or except to a judge as being incompetent or interested, in canon and civil law
recyclable	adj.	capable of being used again
recycling	n.	the act of processing used or abandoned materials for use in creating new products
recycling	v.	cause to repeat a cycle
recycling	v.	use again after processing
red	n.	red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood
red	n.	a tributary of the Mississippi River that flows eastward from Texas along the southern boundary of Oklahoma and through Louisiana
red	n.	emotionally charged terms used to refer to extreme radicals or revolutionaries
red	n.	the amount by which the cost of a business exceeds its revenue
red	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
red	adj.	characterized by violence or bloodshed; - Andrea Parke; - Thomas Gray; - Hudson Strode
red	adj.	(especially of the face) reddened or suffused with or as if with blood from emotion or exertion
redact	n.	someone who puts text into appropriate form for publication
redact	v.	formulate in a particular style or language
redact	v.	prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting
redaction	n.	putting something (as a literary work or a legislative bill) into acceptable form
redaction	n.	the act of putting something in writing
redactor	n.	someone who puts text into appropriate form for publication
redbird	n.	the male is bright red with black wings and tail
redbird	n.	crested thick-billed North American finch having bright red plumage in the male
redbreast	n.	small Old World songbird with a reddish breast
redbrick	adj.	of or relating to British universities founded in the late 19th century or the 20th century
redcap	n.	a member of the military police in Britain
redcap	n.	a porter who helps passengers with their baggage at a railroad station
redcoat	n.	British soldier; so-called because of his red coat (especially during the American Revolution)
redden	v.	turn red, as if in embarrassment or shame
redden	v.	make red
redden	v.	turn red or redder
redder	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
redder	adj.	characterized by violence or bloodshed; - Andrea Parke; - Thomas Gray; - Hudson Strode
redder	adj.	(especially of the face) reddened or suffused with or as if with blood from emotion or exertion
reddest	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
reddest	adj.	characterized by violence or bloodshed; - Andrea Parke; - Thomas Gray; - Hudson Strode
reddest	adj.	(especially of the face) reddened or suffused with or as if with blood from emotion or exertion
redding	n.	a town in north central California on the Sacramento River
reddish	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
redeem	v.	save from sins
redeem	v.	restore the honor or worth of
redeem	v.	to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange
redeem	v.	exchange or buy back for money; under threat
redeem	v.	pay off (loans or promissory notes)
redeem	v.	convert into cash; of commercial papers
redeemer	n.	a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)
redeemer	n.	someone who redeems or buys back (promissory notes or merchandise or commercial paper etc.)
redemption	n.	(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil
redemption	n.	repayment of the principal amount of a debt or security at or before maturity (as when a corporation repurchases its own stock)
redemption	n.	the act of purchasing back something previously sold
redemptive	adj.	of or relating to or resulting in redemption; - E.K.Brown
redemptive	adj.	bringing about salvation or redemption from sin
redford	n.	United States actor and filmmaker who starred with Paul Newman in several films (born in 1936)
redhead	n.	someone who has red hair
redhead	n.	North American diving duck with a grey-and-black body and reddish-brown head
redhead	n.	black-and-white North American woodpecker having a red head and neck
redlining	v.	discriminate in selling or renting housing in certain areas of a neighborhood
redneck	n.	a poor White person in the southern United States
redness	n.	a response of body tissues to injury or irritation; characterized by pain and swelling and redness and heat
redness	n.	red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood
redo	v.	make new
redo	v.	do over, as of (part of) a house
redolence	n.	a pleasingly sweet olfactory property
redolent	adj.	serving to bring to mind; - Wilder Hobson
redolent	adj.	(used with `of' or `with') noticeably odorous
redolent	adj.	having a strong pleasant odor; - Jean Stafford
redoubt	n.	(military) a temporary or supplementary fortification; typically square or polygonal without flanking defenses
redoubt	n.	an entrenched stronghold or refuge
redound	v.	return or recoil
redound	v.	contribute
redound	v.	have an effect for good or ill
redshift	n.	(astronomy) a shift in the spectra of very distant galaxies toward longer wavelengths (toward the red end of the spectrum); generally interpreted as evidence that the universe is expanding
redskin	n.	(slang) offensive term for Native Americans
reduce	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
reduce	v.	make less complex
reduce	v.	bring to humbler or weaker state or condition
reduce	v.	simplify the form of a mathematical equation of expression by substituting one term for another
reduce	v.	lower in grade or rank or force somebody into an undignified situation
reduce	v.	be the essential element
reduce	v.	reduce in size; reduce physically
reduce	v.	lessen and make more modest
reduce	v.	make smaller
reduce	v.	to remove oxygen from a compound, or cause to react with hydrogen or form a hydride, or to undergo an increase in the number of electrons
reduce	v.	narrow or limit
reduce	v.	put down by force or intimidation
reduce	v.	undergo meiosis
reduce	v.	reposition (a broken bone after surgery) back to its normal site
reduce	v.	destress and thus weaken a sound when pronouncing it
reduce	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
reduce	v.	be cooked until very little liquid is left
reduce	v.	cook until very little liquid is left
reduce	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
reduce	v.	take off weight
reducer	n.	a substance capable of bringing about the reduction of another substance as it itself is oxidized; used in photography to lessen the density of a negative or print by oxidizing some of the loose silver
reducer	n.	pipefitting that joins two pipes of different diameter
reducible	adj.	capable of being reduced; - Edmund Wilson
reductase	n.	an enzyme that catalyses the biochemical reduction of some specified substance
reduction	n.	the act of decreasing or reducing something
reduction	n.	any process in which electrons are added to an atom or ion (as by removing oxygen or adding hydrogen); always occurs accompanied by oxidation of the reducing agent
reduction	n.	the act of reducing complexity
reductionist	adj.	of or relating to the theory of reductionism
reductive	adj.	characterized by or causing diminution or curtailment;  - R.H.Rovere
redundancy	n.	repetition of messages to reduce the probability of errors in transmission
redundancy	n.	the attribute of being superfluous and unneeded
redundancy	n.	(electronics) a system design that duplicates components to provide alternatives in case one component fails
redundancy	n.	repetition of an act needlessly
redundant	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
redundant	adj.	repetition of same sense in different words; ; ; - J.B.Conant
redwood	n.	the soft reddish wood of either of two species of sequoia trees
redwood	n.	either of two huge coniferous California trees that reach a height of 300 feet; sometimes placed in the Taxodiaceae
reed	n.	tall woody perennial grasses with hollow slender stems especially of the genera Arundo and Phragmites
reed	n.	United States journalist who reported on the October Revolution from Petrograd in 1917; founded the Communist Labor Party in America in 1919; is buried in the Kremlin in Moscow (1887-1920)
reed	n.	United States physician who proved that yellow fever is transmitted by mosquitoes (1851-1902)
reed	n.	a vibrator consisting of a thin strip of stiff material that vibrates to produce a tone when air streams over it
reed	n.	a musical instrument that sounds by means of a vibrating reed
reedy	adj.	having a tone of a reed instrument
reedy	adj.	resembling a reed in being upright and slender
reef	n.	a submerged ridge of rock or coral near the surface of the water
reef	n.	a rocky region in the southern Transvaal in northeastern South Africa; contains rich gold deposits and coal and manganese
reef	n.	one of several strips across a sail that can be taken in or rolled up to lessen the area of the sail that is exposed to the wind
reef	v.	lower and bring partially inboard
reef	v.	roll up (a portion of a sail) in order to reduce its area
reef	v.	reduce (a sail) by taking in a reef
reefer	n.	marijuana leaves rolled into a cigarette for smoking
reek	n.	a distinctive odor that is offensively unpleasant
reek	v.	have an element suggestive (of something)
reek	v.	smell badly and offensively
reek	v.	be wet with sweat or blood, as of one's face
reek	v.	give off smoke, fumes, warm vapour, steam, etc.
reel	n.	a roll of photographic film holding a series of frames to be projected by a movie projector
reel	n.	music composed for dancing a reel
reel	n.	winder consisting of a revolving spool with a handle; attached to a fishing rod
reel	n.	a winder around which thread or tape or film or other flexible materials can be wound
reel	n.	a lively dance of Scottish Highlanders; marked by circular moves and gliding steps
reel	n.	an American country dance which starts with the couples facing each other in two lines
reel	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
reel	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
reel	v.	wind onto or off a reel
reeve	n.	female ruff
reeve	v.	pass a rope through
reeve	v.	pass through a hole or opening
reeve	v.	fasten by passing through a hole or around something
reeves	n.	female ruff
reeves	n.	a submerged ridge of rock or coral near the surface of the water
reeves	n.	a rocky region in the southern Transvaal in northeastern South Africa; contains rich gold deposits and coal and manganese
reeves	n.	one of several strips across a sail that can be taken in or rolled up to lessen the area of the sail that is exposed to the wind
reeves	v.	pass a rope through
reeves	v.	pass through a hole or opening
reeves	v.	fasten by passing through a hole or around something
ref	n.	(sports) the chief official (as in boxing or American football) who is expected to ensure fair play
refashion	v.	make new
refection	n.	a light meal or repast
refectory	n.	a communal dining-hall (usually in a monastery)
refer	v.	make reference to
refer	v.	be relevant to
refer	v.	think of, regard, or classify under a subsuming principle or with a general group or in relation to another
refer	v.	send or direct for treatment, information, or a decision
refer	v.	seek information from
refer	v.	have as a meaning
refer	v.	use a name to designate
referee	n.	(sports) the chief official (as in boxing or American football) who is expected to ensure fair play
referee	n.	someone who reads manuscripts and judges their suitability for publication
referee	n.	an attorney appointed by a court to investigate and report on a case
referee	v.	be a referee or umpire in a sports competition
referee	v.	evaluate professionally a colleague's work
refereeing	n.	the act of umpiring
refereeing	v.	be a referee or umpire in a sports competition
refereeing	v.	evaluate professionally a colleague's work
reference	n.	a remark that calls attention to something or someone
reference	n.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage
reference	n.	an indicator that orients you generally
reference	n.	a book to which you can refer for authoritative facts
reference	n.	a formal recommendation by a former employer to a potential future employer describing the person's qualifications and dependability
reference	n.	the most direct or specific meaning of a word or expression; the class of objects that an expression refers to
reference	n.	the act of referring or consulting
reference	n.	a publication (or a passage from a publication) that is referred to
reference	n.	(computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored
reference	n.	the relation between a word or phrase and the object or idea it refers to
reference	v.	refer to
referendum	n.	a legislative act is referred for final approval to a popular vote by the electorate
referent	n.	something referred to; the object of a reference
referent	n.	the first term in a proposition; the term to which other terms relate
referent	n.	something that refers; a term that refers to another term
referent	adj.	having reference
referential	adj.	referring or pointing to something
referral	n.	a person whose case has been referred to a specialist or professional group
referral	n.	a recommendation to consult the (professional) person or group to whom one has been referred
referral	n.	the act of referring (as forwarding an applicant for employment or referring a matter to an appropriate agency)
referred	v.	make reference to
referred	v.	be relevant to
referred	v.	think of, regard, or classify under a subsuming principle or with a general group or in relation to another
referred	v.	send or direct for treatment, information, or a decision
referred	v.	seek information from
referred	v.	have as a meaning
referred	v.	use a name to designate
referring	v.	make reference to
referring	v.	be relevant to
referring	v.	think of, regard, or classify under a subsuming principle or with a general group or in relation to another
referring	v.	send or direct for treatment, information, or a decision
referring	v.	seek information from
referring	v.	have as a meaning
referring	v.	use a name to designate
refill	n.	a prescription drug that is provided again
refill	n.	a commercial product that refills a container with its appropriate contents
refill	v.	fill something that had previously been emptied
refined	v.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing
refined	v.	make more complex, intricate, or richer
refined	v.	treat or prepare so as to put in a usable condition
refined	v.	reduce to a fine, unmixed, or pure state; separate from extraneous matter or cleanse from impurities
refined	v.	attenuate or reduce in vigor, strength, or validity by polishing or purifying
refined	v.	make more precise or increase the discriminatory powers of
refined	adj.	(used of persons and their behavior) cultivated and genteel
refined	adj.	freed from impurities by processing; ; ; - Shakespeare
refined	adj.	showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience
refined	adj.	suggesting taste, ease, and wealth
refined	adj.	free from what is tawdry or unbecoming
refinement	n.	a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; ; ; --Joseph Conrad
refinement	n.	the result of improving something
refinement	n.	the process of removing impurities (as from oil or metals or sugar etc.)
refinement	n.	a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude
refinement	n.	the quality of excellence in thought and manners and taste
refiner	n.	one whose work is to refine a specific thing
refinery	n.	an industrial plant for purifying a crude substance
refitting	v.	fit out again
reflate	v.	economics: experience reflation
reflate	v.	economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation
reflate	v.	inflate again
reflate	v.	become inflated again
reflect	v.	manifest or bring back
reflect	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
reflect	v.	to throw or bend back (from a surface)
reflect	v.	be bright by reflecting or casting light
reflect	v.	show an image of
reflect	v.	give evidence of a certain behavior
reflect	v.	give evidence of the quality of
reflection	n.	a calm, lengthy, intent consideration
reflection	n.	the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface
reflection	n.	expression without words
reflection	n.	a likeness in which left and right are reversed
reflection	n.	the image of something as reflected by a mirror (or other reflective material)
reflection	n.	(mathematics) a transformation in which the direction of one axis is reversed
reflection	n.	a remark expressing careful consideration
reflection	n.	the ability to reflect beams or rays
reflective	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
reflective	adj.	capable of physically reflecting light or sound
reflective	adj.	devoted to matters of the mind
reflectivity	n.	the fraction of radiant energy that is reflected from a surface
reflectivity	n.	the ability to reflect beams or rays
reflectivity	n.	the capability of quiet thought or contemplation
reflector	n.	device that reflects radiation
reflector	n.	optical telescope consisting of a large concave mirror that produces an image that is magnified by the eyepiece
reflexive	n.	a personal pronoun compounded with -self to show the agent's action affects the agent
reflexive	adj.	without volition or conscious control
reflexive	adj.	referring back to itself
reflexivity	n.	the coreferential relation between a reflexive pronoun and its antecedent
reflexivity	n.	(logic and mathematics) a relation such that it holds between an element and itself
reflexology	n.	the study of reflex action as it relates to the behavior of organisms
reflexology	n.	massage to relieve tension by finger pressure; based on the belief that there are reflex points on the feet, hands, and head that are connected to every part of the body
reforge	v.	cast or model anew
reform	n.	a change for the better as a result of correcting abuses
reform	n.	a campaign aimed to correct abuses or malpractices
reform	n.	self-improvement in behavior or morals by abandoning some vice
reform	v.	make changes for improvement in order to remove abuse and injustices
reform	v.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one
reform	v.	produce by cracking
reform	v.	break up the molecules of
reform	v.	improve by alteration or correction of errors or defects and put into a better condition
reform	v.	change for the better
reformation	n.	improvement (or an intended improvement) in the existing form or condition of institutions or practices etc.; intended to make a striking change for the better in social or political or religious affairs
reformation	n.	a religious movement of the 16th century that began as an attempt to reform the Roman Catholic Church and resulted in the creation of Protestant churches
reformation	n.	rescuing from error and returning to a rightful course
reformatory	n.	correctional institution for the detention and discipline and training of young or first offenders
reformatory	adj.	tending to reform
reformed	v.	make changes for improvement in order to remove abuse and injustices
reformed	v.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one
reformed	v.	produce by cracking
reformed	v.	break up the molecules of
reformed	v.	improve by alteration or correction of errors or defects and put into a better condition
reformed	v.	change for the better
reformed	adj.	of or relating to the body of Protestant Christianity arising during the Reformation; used of some Protestant churches especially Calvinist as distinct from Lutheran
reformed	adj.	caused to abandon an evil manner of living and follow a good one
reformist	n.	a disputant who advocates reform
reformist	adj.	favoring or promoting reform (often by government action)
refract	v.	subject to refraction
refract	v.	determine the refracting power of (a lens)
refraction	n.	the change in direction of a propagating wave (light or sound) when passing from one medium to another
refraction	n.	the amount by which a propagating wave is bent
refractory	n.	lining consisting of material with a high melting point; used to line the inside walls of a furnace
refractory	adj.	not responding to treatment
refractory	adj.	temporarily unresponsive or not fully responsive to nervous or sexual stimuli
refractory	adj.	stubbornly resistant to authority or control
refrain	n.	the part of a song where a soloist is joined by a group of singers
refrain	v.	resist doing something
refrain	v.	choose not to consume
refresh	v.	refresh one's memory
refresh	v.	make (to feel) fresh
refresh	v.	become or make oneself fresh again
refresh	v.	make fresh again
refresher	n.	a fee (in addition to that marked on the brief) paid to counsel in a case that lasts more than one day
refresher	n.	a drink that refreshes
refresher	n.	a course that reviews and updates a topic for those who have not kept abreast of developments
refreshing	v.	refresh one's memory
refreshing	v.	make (to feel) fresh
refreshing	v.	become or make oneself fresh again
refreshing	v.	make fresh again
refreshing	adj.	imparting vitality and energy
refreshing	adj.	pleasantly new or different
refreshment	n.	snacks and drinks served as a light meal
refreshment	n.	activity that refreshes and recreates; activity that renews your health and spirits by enjoyment and relaxation
refreshments	n.	snacks and drinks served as a light meal
refreshments	n.	activity that refreshes and recreates; activity that renews your health and spirits by enjoyment and relaxation
refrigerant	n.	any substance used to provide cooling (as in a refrigerator)
refrigerant	adj.	causing cooling or freezing
refrigerate	v.	preserve by chilling
refrigerate	v.	cool or chill in or as if in a refrigerator
refrigeration	n.	the process of cooling or freezing (e.g., food) for preservative purposes
refrigeration	n.	deliberately lowering the body's temperature for therapeutic purposes
refrigerator	n.	white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures
refuge	n.	a safe place
refuge	n.	something or someone turned to for assistance or security
refuge	n.	a shelter from danger or hardship
refuge	n.	act of turning to for assistance
refugee	n.	an exile who flees for safety
refulgence	n.	the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
refulgent	adj.	radiating or as if radiating light
refund	n.	money returned to a payer
refund	n.	the act of returning money received previously
refund	v.	pay back
refurbishment	n.	the state of being restored to its former good condition
refusal	n.	the act of refusing
refusal	n.	a message refusing to accept something that is offered
refutation	n.	the speech act of answering an attack on your assertions
refutation	n.	any evidence that helps to establish the falsity of something
refutation	n.	the act of determining that something is false
refute	v.	overthrow by argument, evidence, or proof
refute	v.	prove to be false or incorrect
refuter	n.	a debater who refutes or disproves by offering contrary evidence or argument
regal	adj.	belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler
regalia	n.	paraphernalia indicative of royalty (or other high office)
regalia	n.	especially fine or decorative clothing
regard	n.	(usually preceded by `in') a detail or point
regard	n.	paying particular notice (as to children or helpless people)
regard	n.	(usually plural) a polite expression of desire for someone's welfare
regard	n.	a long fixed look
regard	n.	the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded)
regard	n.	a feeling of friendship and esteem
regard	n.	an attitude of admiration or esteem
regard	v.	deem to be
regard	v.	look at attentively
regard	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
regardless	adj.	(usually followed by `of') without due thought or consideration
regardless	adv.	in spite of everything; without regard to drawbacks
regards	n.	(usually preceded by `in') a detail or point
regards	n.	paying particular notice (as to children or helpless people)
regards	n.	(usually plural) a polite expression of desire for someone's welfare
regards	n.	a long fixed look
regards	n.	the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded)
regards	n.	a feeling of friendship and esteem
regards	n.	an attitude of admiration or esteem
regards	v.	deem to be
regards	v.	look at attentively
regards	v.	connect closely and often incriminatingly
regatta	n.	a meeting for boat races
regency	n.	the period of time during which a regent governs
regency	n.	the period from 1811-1820 when the Prince of Wales was regent during George III's periods of insanity
regency	n.	the office of a regent
regenerate	v.	reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new
regenerate	v.	amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit
regenerate	v.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one
regenerate	v.	return to life; get or give new life or energy
regenerate	v.	replace (tissue or a body part) through the formation of new tissue
regenerate	v.	be formed or shaped anew
regenerate	v.	form or produce anew
regenerate	v.	undergo regeneration
regenerate	v.	restore strength
regenerate	adj.	reformed spiritually or morally
reggae	n.	popular music originating in the West Indies; repetitive bass riffs and regular chords played on the off beat by a guitar
regicide	n.	someone who commits regicide; the killer of a king
regicide	n.	the act of killing a king
regime	n.	the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit
regime	n.	(medicine) a systematic plan for therapy (often including diet)
regimen	n.	(medicine) a systematic plan for therapy (often including diet)
regiment	n.	army unit smaller than a division
regiment	v.	subject to rigid discipline, order, and systematization
regiment	v.	form (military personnel) into a regiment
regiment	v.	assign to a regiment
regimental	adj.	belonging to or concerning a regiment
regimentation	n.	the imposition of order or discipline
regina	n.	the provincial capital of Saskatchewan
region	n.	the extended spatial location of something
region	n.	a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve
region	n.	a large indefinite location on the surface of the Earth
region	n.	the approximate amount of something (usually used prepositionally as in `in the region of')
region	n.	a knowledge domain that you are interested in or are communicating about
regional	adj.	characteristic of a region
regional	adj.	related or limited to a particular region
regionalism	n.	a feature (as a pronunciation or expression or custom) that is characteristic of a particular region
regionalism	n.	a foreign policy that defines the international interests of a country in terms of particular geographic areas
regionalism	n.	loyalty to the interests of a particular region
register	n.	an official written record of names or events or transactions
register	n.	(music) the timbre that is characteristic of a certain range and manner of production of the human voice or of different pipe organ stops or of different musical instruments
register	n.	a book in which names and transactions are listed
register	n.	(computer science) memory device that is the part of computer memory that has a specific address and that is used to hold information of a specific kind
register	n.	an air passage (usually in the floor or a wall of a room) for admitting or excluding heated air from the room
register	n.	a regulator (as a sliding plate) for regulating the flow of air into a furnace or other heating device
register	n.	a cashbox with an adding machine to register transactions; used in shops to add up the bill
register	v.	record in writing; enter into a book of names or events or transactions
register	v.	record in a public office or in a court of law
register	v.	enroll to vote
register	v.	be aware of
register	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
register	v.	have one's name listed as a candidate for several parties
register	v.	show in one's face
register	v.	manipulate the registers of an organ
register	v.	send by registered mail
register	v.	enter into someone's consciousness
registered	v.	record in writing; enter into a book of names or events or transactions
registered	v.	record in a public office or in a court of law
registered	v.	enroll to vote
registered	v.	be aware of
registered	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
registered	v.	have one's name listed as a candidate for several parties
registered	v.	show in one's face
registered	v.	manipulate the registers of an organ
registered	v.	send by registered mail
registered	v.	enter into someone's consciousness
registered	adj.	(of animals) officially recorded with or certified by a recognized breed association; especially in a stud book
registered	adj.	listed or recorded officially
registered	adj.	(of a boat or vessel) furnished with necessary official documents specifying ownership etc
registrant	n.	a person who is formally entered (along with others) in a register (and who obtains certain rights thereby)
registrar	n.	a person employed to keep a record of the owners of stocks and bonds issued by the company
registrar	n.	the administrator responsible for student records
registrar	n.	someone responsible for keeping records
registration	n.	the act of enrolling
registration	n.	the body of people (such as students) who register or enroll at the same time
registration	n.	a document certifying an act of registering
registration	n.	(music) the sound property resulting from a combination of organ stops used to perform a particular piece of music; the technique of selecting and adjusting organ stops
registration	n.	the act of adjusting something to match a standard
registry	n.	an official written record of names or events or transactions
regnant	adj.	exercising power or authority
regress	n.	the reasoning involved when you assume the conclusion is true and reason backward to the evidence
regress	n.	returning to a former state
regress	v.	go back to a statistical means
regress	v.	go back to a previous state
regress	v.	get worse or fall back to a previous condition
regress	v.	go back to bad behavior
regression	n.	an abnormal state in which development has stopped prematurely
regression	n.	(psychiatry) a defense mechanism in which you flee from reality by assuming a more infantile state
regression	n.	the relation between selected values of x and observed values of y (from which the most probable value of y can be predicted for any value of x)
regression	n.	returning to a former state
regret	n.	sadness associated with some wrong done or some disappointment
regret	v.	feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about
regret	v.	feel sad about the loss or absence of
regret	v.	decline formally or politely
regret	v.	express with regret
regretful	adj.	feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
regrettable	adj.	deserving regret
regrettably	adv.	by bad luck
regretted	v.	feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about
regretted	v.	feel sad about the loss or absence of
regretted	v.	decline formally or politely
regretted	v.	express with regret
regretting	v.	feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about
regretting	v.	feel sad about the loss or absence of
regretting	v.	decline formally or politely
regretting	v.	express with regret
regroup	v.	organize anew, as after a setback
regroup	v.	reorganize into new groups
regular	n.	a regular patron
regular	n.	a soldier in the regular army
regular	n.	a dependable follower (especially in party politics)
regular	n.	a garment size for persons of average height and weight
regular	adj.	in accordance with fixed order or procedure or principle
regular	adj.	often used as intensifiers
regular	adj.	conforming to a standard or pattern
regular	adj.	regularly scheduled for fixed times
regular	adj.	in accord with regular practice or procedure
regular	adj.	occurring at fixed intervals
regular	adj.	relating to a person who does something regularly
regular	adj.	(used of the military) belonging to or engaged in by legitimate army forces
regular	adj.	(of solids) having clear dimensions that can be measured; volume can be determined with a suitable geometric formula
regular	adj.	not constipated
regular	adj.	symmetrically arranged
regular	adj.	not deviating from what is normal
regular	adj.	officially full-time
regularity	n.	a property of polygons: the property of having equal sides and equal angles
regularity	n.	the quality of being characterized by a fixed principle or rate
regularization	n.	the condition of having been made regular (or more regular)
regularization	n.	the act of bringing to uniformity; making regular
regularize	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
regularize	v.	make regular or more regular
regulate	v.	fix or adjust the time, amount, degree, or rate of
regulate	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
regulate	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
regulate	v.	check the emission of (sound)
regulated	v.	fix or adjust the time, amount, degree, or rate of
regulated	v.	bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations
regulated	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
regulated	v.	check the emission of (sound)
regulated	adj.	controlled or governed according to rule or principle or law
regulation	n.	an authoritative rule
regulation	n.	a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior
regulation	n.	the state of being controlled or governed
regulation	n.	(embryology) the ability of an early embryo to continue normal development after its structure has been somehow damaged or altered
regulation	n.	the act of bringing to uniformity; making regular
regulation	n.	the act of controlling or directing according to rule
regulation	adj.	prescribed by or according to regulation
regulations	n.	an authoritative rule
regulations	n.	a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior
regulations	n.	the state of being controlled or governed
regulations	n.	(embryology) the ability of an early embryo to continue normal development after its structure has been somehow damaged or altered
regulations	n.	the act of bringing to uniformity; making regular
regulations	n.	the act of controlling or directing according to rule
regulator	n.	any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc.
regulator	n.	an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest
regulator	n.	a control that maintains a steady speed in a machine (as by controlling the supply of fuel)
regulatory	adj.	restricting according to rules or principles
regulus	n.	the brightest star in Leo
regulus	n.	a genus of birds of the family Sylviidae including kinglets
regurgitate	v.	pour or rush back
regurgitate	v.	feed through the beak by regurgitating previously swallowed food
regurgitate	v.	repeat after memorization
regurgitate	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
regurgitation	n.	backflow of blood through a defective heart valve
regurgitation	n.	recall after rote memorization
regurgitation	n.	the reflex act of ejecting the contents of the stomach through the mouth
rehabilitate	v.	help to readapt, as to a former state of health or good repute
rehabilitate	v.	reinstall politically
rehabilitate	v.	restore to a state of good condition or operation
rehabilitation	n.	the restoration of someone to a useful place in society
rehabilitation	n.	the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation
rehabilitation	n.	vindication of a person's character and the re-establishment of that person's reputation
rehabilitation	n.	the treatment of physical disabilities by massage and electrotherapy and exercises
rehears	v.	hear or try a court case anew
rehearsal	n.	a practice session in preparation for a public performance (as of a play or speech or concert)
rehearsal	n.	(psychology) a form of practice; repetition of information (silently or aloud) in order to keep it in short-term memory
rehearsed	v.	engage in a rehearsal (of)
rehnquist	n.	United States jurist who served as an associate justice on the United States Supreme Court from 1972 until 1986, when he was appointed chief justice (born in 1924)
reich	n.	the German state
reich	n.	Austrian born psychoanalyst who lived in the United States; advocated sexual freedom and believed that cosmic energy could be concentrated in a human being (1897-1957)
reich	n.	United States composer (born in 1936)
reid	n.	Scottish philosopher of common sense who opposed the ideas of David Hume (1710-1796)
reify	v.	consider an abstract concept to be real
reign	n.	a period during which something or somebody is dominant or powerful
reign	n.	the period during which a monarch is sovereign
reign	n.	royal authority; the dominion of a monarch
reign	v.	have sovereign power
reign	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
reimburse	v.	pay back for some expense incurred
reimburse	v.	reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss
reimbursement	n.	compensation paid (to someone) for damages or losses or money already spent etc.
rein	n.	one of a pair of long straps (usually connected to the bit or the headpiece) used to control a horse
rein	n.	any means of control
rein	v.	control and direct with or as if by reins
rein	v.	stop or slow up one's horse or oneself by or as if by pulling the reins
rein	v.	stop or check by or as if by a pull at the reins
rein	v.	keep in check
reindeer	n.	Arctic deer with large antlers in both sexes; called `reindeer' in Eurasia and `caribou' in North America
reinforce	v.	make stronger
reinforce	v.	strengthen and support with rewards
reinforcement	n.	a military operation (often involving new supplies of men and materiel) to strengthen a military force or aid in the performance of its mission
reinforcement	n.	information that makes more forcible or convincing
reinforcement	n.	(psychology) a stimulus that strengthens or weakens the behavior that produced it
reinforcement	n.	a device designed to provide additional strength
reinforcement	n.	an act performed to strengthen approved behavior
reinstall	v.	install again
reinstatement	n.	the condition of being reinstated
reinstatement	n.	the act of restoring someone to a previous position
reinsurance	n.	sharing the risk by insurance companies; part or all of the insurer's risk is assumed by other companies in return for part of the premium paid by the insured
reit	n.	an investment trust that owns and manages a pool of commercial properties and mortgages and other real estate assets; shares can be bought and sold in the stock market
reiterate	v.	to say, state, or perform again
reject	n.	the person or thing that is rejected or set aside as inferior in quality
reject	v.	refuse to accept or acknowledge
reject	v.	refuse to accept
reject	v.	deem wrong or inappropriate
reject	v.	reject with contempt
reject	v.	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ
reject	v.	refuse entrance or membership
reject	v.	dismiss from consideration or a contest
rejection	n.	the act of rejecting something
rejection	n.	the state of being rejected
rejection	n.	(medicine) an immunological response that refuses to accept substances or organisms that are recognized as foreign
rejection	n.	the speech act of rejecting
rejoice	v.	feel happiness or joy
rejoice	v.	to express great joy
rejoice	v.	be ecstatic with joy
rejoicing	n.	a feeling of great happiness
rejoicing	n.	the utterance of sounds expressing great joy
rejoicing	v.	feel happiness or joy
rejoicing	v.	to express great joy
rejoicing	v.	be ecstatic with joy
rejoicing	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
rejoinder	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
rejoinder	n.	(law) a pleading made by a defendant in response to the plaintiff's replication
rejuvenate	v.	cause (a stream or river) to erode, as by an uplift of the land
rejuvenate	v.	develop youthful topographical features
rejuvenate	v.	make younger or more youthful
rejuvenate	v.	return to life; get or give new life or energy
rejuvenate	v.	become young again
rejuvenation	n.	the phenomenon of vitality and freshness being restored
rejuvenation	n.	the act of restoring to a more youthful condition
relate	v.	make a logical or causal connection
relate	v.	be relevant to
relate	v.	give an account of
relate	v.	be in a relationship with
relate	v.	have or establish a relationship to
relatedness	n.	a particular manner of connectedness
relation	n.	an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of two entities or parts together
relation	n.	the act of sexual procreation between a man and a woman; the man's penis is inserted into the woman's vagina and excited until orgasm and ejaculation occur
relation	n.	a person related by blood or marriage
relation	n.	an act of narration
relation	n.	(law) the principle that an act done at a later time is deemed by law to have occurred at an earlier time
relation	n.	(usually plural) mutual dealings or connections among persons or groups
relational	adj.	having a relation or being related
relationship	n.	a relation between people; (`relationship' is often used where `relation' would serve, as in `the relationship between inflation and unemployment', but the preferred usage of `relationship' is for human relations or states of relatedness)
relationship	n.	a state of connectedness between people (especially an emotional connection)
relationship	n.	a state involving mutual dealings between people or parties or countries
relationship	n.	(anthropology) relatedness or connection by blood or marriage or adoption
relative	n.	a person related by blood or marriage
relative	n.	an animal or plant that bears a relationship to another (as related by common descent or by membership in the same genus)
relative	adj.	estimated by comparison; not absolute or complete
relative	adj.	properly related in size or degree or other measurable characteristics; usually followed by `to'
relativism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical doctrine that all criteria of judgment are relative to the individuals and situations involved
relativistic	adj.	relating or subject to the special or the general theory of relativity
relativistic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of relativism
relativity	n.	(physics) the theory that space and time are relative concepts rather than absolute concepts
relativity	n.	the quality of being relative and having significance only in relation to something else
relax	v.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease
relax	v.	make less taut
relax	v.	become loose or looser or less tight
relax	v.	cause to feel relaxed
relax	v.	become less tense, less formal, or less restrained, and assume a friendlier manner
relax	v.	make less severe or strict
relax	v.	become less severe or strict
relax	v.	make less active or fast
relaxant	n.	a drug that relaxes and relieves tension
relaxant	adj.	tending to relax or relieve muscular or nervous tension
relaxation	n.	(physiology) the gradual lengthening of inactive muscle or muscle fibers
relaxation	n.	(physics) the exponential return of a system to equilibrium after a disturbance
relaxation	n.	a feeling of refreshing tranquility and an absence of tension or worry
relaxation	n.	an occurrence of control or strength weakening
relaxation	n.	freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)
relaxation	n.	a method of solving simultaneous equations by guessing a solution and then reducing the errors that result by successive approximations until all the errors are less than some specified amount
relaxation	n.	the act of making less strict
relaxer	n.	any agent that produces relaxation
relay	n.	the act of passing something along from one person or group to another
relay	n.	a crew of workers who relieve another crew
relay	n.	a fresh team to relieve weary draft animals
relay	n.	a race between teams; each member runs or swims part of the distance
relay	n.	electrical device such that current flowing through it in one circuit can switch on and off a current in a second circuit
relay	v.	pass along
relay	v.	control or operate by relay
release	n.	merchandise issued for sale or public showing (especially a record or film)
release	n.	the act of liberating someone or something
release	n.	a process that liberates or discharges something
release	n.	an announcement distributed to members of the press in order to supplement or replace an oral presentation
release	n.	the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart)
release	n.	euphemistic expressions for death
release	n.	a legal document evidencing the discharge of a debt or obligation
release	n.	a device that when pressed will release part of a mechanism
release	n.	activity that frees or expresses creative energy or emotion
release	n.	the act of allowing a fluid to escape
release	n.	a formal written statement of relinquishment
release	n.	(music) the act or manner of terminating a musical phrase or tone
release	v.	release, as from one's grip
release	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
release	v.	let (something) fall or spill from a container
release	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
release	v.	eliminate (a substance)
release	v.	generate and separate from cells or bodily fluids
release	v.	make (information) available for publication
release	v.	part with a possession or right
release	v.	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition
release	v.	make (assets) available
released	v.	release, as from one's grip
released	v.	grant freedom to; free from confinement
released	v.	let (something) fall or spill from a container
released	v.	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
released	v.	eliminate (a substance)
released	v.	generate and separate from cells or bodily fluids
released	v.	make (information) available for publication
released	v.	part with a possession or right
released	v.	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition
released	v.	make (assets) available
relegate	v.	refer to another person for decision or judgment
relegate	v.	assign to a lower position; reduce in rank
relegate	v.	expel, as if by official decree
relegate	v.	assign to a class or kind
relent	v.	give in, as to influence or pressure
relentless	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
relentless	adj.	never-ceasing
relentlessness	n.	mercilessness characterized by an unwillingness to relent or let up
relevance	n.	the relation of something to the matter at hand
relevancy	n.	the relation of something to the matter at hand
relevant	adj.	having a bearing on or connection with the subject at issue
reliability	n.	the quality of being dependable or reliable
reliable	adj.	worthy of reliance or trust
reliable	adj.	worthy of being depended on
reliable	adj.	conforming to fact and therefore worthy of belief
reliably	adv.	in a faithful manner
reliance	n.	certainty based on past experience
reliance	n.	the state of relying on something
reliant	adj.	relying on another for support
relic	n.	an antiquity that has survived from the distant past
relic	n.	something of sentimental value
relief	n.	the feeling that comes when something burdensome is removed or reduced
relief	n.	the condition of being comfortable or relieved (especially after being relieved of distress)
relief	n.	(law) redress awarded by a court
relief	n.	someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)
relief	n.	assistance in time of difficulty
relief	n.	a pause for relaxation
relief	n.	a change for the better
relief	n.	aid for the aged or indigent or handicapped
relief	n.	the act of reducing something unpleasant (as pain or annoyance)
relief	n.	sculpture consisting of shapes carved on a surface so as to stand out from the surrounding background
relief	n.	the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged
relieve	v.	provide physical relief, as from pain
relieve	v.	free someone temporarily from his or her obligations
relieve	v.	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to
relieve	v.	lessen the intensity of or calm
relieve	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
relieve	v.	relieve oneself of troubling information
relieve	v.	provide relief for
relieve	v.	free from a burden, evil, or distress
relieve	v.	take by stealing
relieve	v.	grant exemption or release to
relieve	v.	alleviate or remove (pressure or stress) or make less oppressive
reliever	n.	someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)
reliever	n.	a person who reduces the intensity (e.g., of fears) and calms and pacifies
reliever	n.	a pitcher who does not start the game
religion	n.	a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny
religion	n.	an institution to express belief in a divine power
religiosity	n.	exaggerated or affected piety and religious zeal
religious	n.	a member of a religious order who is bound by vows of poverty and chastity and obedience
religious	adj.	concerned with sacred matters or religion or the church
religious	adj.	having or showing belief in and reverence for a deity
religious	adj.	of or relating to clergy bound by monastic vows
religious	adj.	extremely scrupulous and conscientious
religiousness	n.	piety by virtue of being devout
religiousness	n.	the quality of being extremely conscientious
reline	v.	provide with a new lining
reline	v.	put new lines on
relinquish	v.	part with a possession or right
relinquish	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
relinquish	v.	turn away from; give up
relinquish	v.	release, as from one's grip
relinquishment	n.	a verbal act of renouncing a claim or right or position etc.
relinquishment	n.	the act of giving up and abandoning a struggle or task etc.
reliquary	n.	a container where religious relics are stored or displayed (especially relics of saints)
relish	n.	vigorous and enthusiastic enjoyment
relish	n.	spicy or savory condiment
relish	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
relish	v.	derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in
relocate	v.	become established in a new location
relocate	v.	move or establish in a new location
reluctance	n.	(physics) opposition to magnetic flux (analogous to electric resistance)
reluctance	n.	a certain degree of unwillingness
reluctant	adj.	unwillingness to do something contrary to your custom
reluctant	adj.	disinclined to become involved
reluctant	adj.	not eager
rely	v.	have confidence or faith in
rem	n.	a recurring sleep state during which dreaming occurs; a state of rapidly shifting eye movements during sleep
rem	n.	(Roentgen Equivalent Man) the dosage of ionizing radiation that will cause the same amount of injury to human tissue as 1 roentgen of X-rays
remain	v.	stay the same; remain in a certain state
remain	v.	continue in a place, position, or situation
remain	v.	be left; of persons, questions, problems, results, evidence, etc.
remain	v.	stay behind
remainder	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
remainder	n.	the part of the dividend that is left over when the dividend is not evenly divisible by the divisor
remainder	n.	the number that remains after subtraction; the number that when added to the subtrahend gives the minuend
remainder	n.	a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold
remainder	v.	sell cheaply as remainders
remand	n.	the act of sending an accused person back into custody to await trial (or the continuation of the trial)
remand	v.	refer (a matter or legal case) to another committee or authority or court for decision
remand	v.	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail
remark	n.	a statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or adds information
remark	n.	explicit notice
remark	v.	make mention of
remark	v.	make or write a comment on
remarkably	adv.	to a remarkable degree or extent
remarkably	adv.	in a signal manner
remarked	v.	make mention of
remarked	v.	make or write a comment on
rembrandt	n.	influential Dutch artist (1606-1669)
remediable	adj.	capable of being remedied or redressed
remedy	n.	act of correcting an error or a fault or an evil
remedy	n.	a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain
remedy	v.	set straight or right
remedy	v.	provide relief for
remember	v.	recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
remember	v.	keep in mind for attention or consideration
remember	v.	recapture the past; indulge in memories
remember	v.	show appreciation to
remember	v.	mention favorably, as in prayer
remember	v.	mention as by way of greeting or to indicate friendship
remember	v.	exercise, or have the power of, memory
remember	v.	call to remembrance; keep alive the memory of someone or something, as in a ceremony
remembered	v.	recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
remembered	v.	keep in mind for attention or consideration
remembered	v.	recapture the past; indulge in memories
remembered	v.	show appreciation to
remembered	v.	mention favorably, as in prayer
remembered	v.	mention as by way of greeting or to indicate friendship
remembered	v.	exercise, or have the power of, memory
remembered	v.	call to remembrance; keep alive the memory of someone or something, as in a ceremony
remembrance	n.	the ability to recall past occurrences
remembrance	n.	a recognition of meritorious service
reminder	n.	a message that helps you remember something
reminder	n.	an experience that causes you to remember something
reminder	n.	someone who gives a warning so that a mistake can be avoided
reminisce	v.	recall the past
reminiscence	n.	a mental impression retained and recalled from the past
reminiscence	n.	the process of remembering (especially the process of recovering information by mental effort)
reminiscent	adj.	serving to bring to mind; - Wilder Hobson
remiss	adj.	failing in what duty requires
remissness	n.	the quality of being lax and neglectful
remit	n.	the topic that a person, committee, or piece of research is expected to deal with or has authority to deal with
remit	n.	(law) the act of remitting (especially the referral of a law case to another court)
remit	v.	send (money) in payment
remit	v.	hold back to a later time
remit	v.	release from (claims, debts, or taxes)
remit	v.	refer (a matter or legal case) to another committee or authority or court for decision
remit	v.	forgive
remit	v.	make slack as by lessening tension or firmness
remit	v.	diminish or abate
remittance	n.	a payment of money sent to a person in another place
remitted	v.	send (money) in payment
remitted	v.	hold back to a later time
remitted	v.	release from (claims, debts, or taxes)
remitted	v.	refer (a matter or legal case) to another committee or authority or court for decision
remitted	v.	forgive
remitted	v.	make slack as by lessening tension or firmness
remitted	v.	diminish or abate
remitting	v.	send (money) in payment
remitting	v.	hold back to a later time
remitting	v.	release from (claims, debts, or taxes)
remitting	v.	refer (a matter or legal case) to another committee or authority or court for decision
remitting	v.	forgive
remitting	v.	make slack as by lessening tension or firmness
remitting	v.	diminish or abate
remnant	n.	a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists
remnant	n.	a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold
remodel	v.	do over, as of (part of) a house
remodel	v.	cast or model anew
remold	v.	cast again
remold	v.	shape again or shape differently
remold	v.	give new treads to (a tire)
remonstrate	v.	argue in protest or opposition
remonstrate	v.	present and urge reasons in opposition
remonstrate	v.	censure severely or angrily
remorse	n.	a feeling of deep regret (usually for some misdeed)
remorseful	adj.	feeling or expressing pain or sorrow for sins or offenses
remorseless	adj.	without mercy or pity
remote	n.	a device that can be used to control a machine or apparatus from a distance
remote	adj.	located far away spatially
remote	adj.	very unlikely
remote	adj.	separate or apart in time
remote	adj.	inaccessible and sparsely populated
remote	adj.	far apart in relevance or relationship or kinship
remoteness	n.	the property of being remote
remoteness	n.	a disposition to be distant and unsympathetic in manner
removal	n.	the act of removing
removal	n.	dismissal from office
remunerate	v.	make payment to; compensate
remuneration	n.	something that remunerates
remuneration	n.	the act of paying for goods or services or to recompense for losses
remus	n.	(Roman mythology) the twin brother of Romulus
renaissance	n.	the period of European history at the close of the Middle Ages and the rise of the modern world; a cultural rebirth from the 14th through the middle of the 17th centuries
renaissance	n.	the revival of learning and culture
renal	adj.	of or relating to the kidneys
renascence	n.	the period of European history at the close of the Middle Ages and the rise of the modern world; a cultural rebirth from the 14th through the middle of the 17th centuries
renascence	n.	a second or new birth
renascence	n.	the revival of learning and culture
rend	v.	tear or be torn violently
render	n.	a substance similar to stucco but exclusively applied to masonry walls
render	v.	cause to become
render	v.	give something useful or necessary to
render	v.	give an interpretation or rendition of
render	v.	give or supply
render	v.	pass down
render	v.	make over as a return
render	v.	give back
render	v.	to surrender someone or something to another
render	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
render	v.	coat with plastic or cement
render	v.	bestow
render	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
render	v.	melt (fat or lard) in order to separate out impurities
rendering	n.	a performance of a musical composition or a dramatic role etc.
rendering	n.	an explanation of something that is not immediately obvious
rendering	n.	the act of interpreting something as expressed in an artistic performance
rendering	n.	a written communication in a second language having the same meaning as the written communication in a first language
rendering	n.	a coat of stucco applied to a masonry wall
rendering	n.	perspective drawing of an architect's design
rendering	n.	giving in acknowledgment of obligation
rendering	v.	cause to become
rendering	v.	give something useful or necessary to
rendering	v.	give an interpretation or rendition of
rendering	v.	give or supply
rendering	v.	pass down
rendering	v.	make over as a return
rendering	v.	give back
rendering	v.	to surrender someone or something to another
rendering	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
rendering	v.	coat with plastic or cement
rendering	v.	bestow
rendering	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
rendering	v.	melt (fat or lard) in order to separate out impurities
rendezvous	n.	a meeting planned at a certain time and place
rendezvous	n.	a place where people meet
rendezvous	n.	a date; usually with a member of the opposite sex
rendezvous	v.	meet at a rendezvous
rendition	n.	a performance of a musical composition or a dramatic role etc.
rendition	n.	an explanation of something that is not immediately obvious
rendition	n.	handing over prisoners to countries where torture is allowed
rendition	n.	the act of interpreting something as expressed in an artistic performance
renegade	n.	someone who rebels and becomes an outlaw
renegade	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
renegade	v.	break with established customs
renegade	adj.	having deserted a cause or principle
renege	n.	the mistake of not following suit when able to do so
renege	v.	fail to fulfill a promise or obligation
renew	v.	reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new
renew	v.	cause to appear in a new form
renewal	n.	the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation
renewal	n.	the act of renewing
renewal	n.	filling again by supplying what has been used up
rennet	n.	a substance that curdles milk in making cheese and junket
rennin	n.	an enzyme that occurs in gastric juice; causes milk to coagulate
reno	n.	a city in western Nevada at the foot of the Sierra Nevada Mountains; known for gambling casinos and easy divorce and remarriage
renoir	n.	French impressionist painter (1841-1919)
renounce	v.	give up, such as power, as of monarchs and emperors, or duties and obligations
renounce	v.	leave (a job, post, or position) voluntarily
renounce	v.	turn away from; give up
renounce	v.	cast off
renouncement	n.	an act (spoken or written) declaring that something is surrendered or disowned
renovate	v.	restore to a previous or better condition
renovate	v.	make brighter and prettier
renovate	v.	give new life or energy to
renovation	n.	the act of improving by renewing and restoring
renovation	n.	the state of being restored to its former good condition
renovator	n.	a skilled worker who is employed to restore or refinish buildings or antique furniture
renown	n.	the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed
rent	n.	a payment or series of payments made by the lessee to an owner for use of some property, facility, equipment, or service
rent	n.	an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart
rent	n.	the return derived from cultivated land in excess of that derived from the poorest land cultivated under similar conditions
rent	n.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something
rent	v.	let for money
rent	v.	grant use or occupation of under a term of contract
rent	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
rent	v.	hold under a lease or rental agreement; of goods and services
rent	v.	tear or be torn violently
rental	n.	property that is leased or rented out or let
rental	n.	the act of paying for the use of something (as an apartment or house or car)
rental	adj.	available to rent or lease
rental	adj.	of or relating to rent
renter	n.	someone who pays rent to use land or a building or a car that is owned by someone else
renter	n.	an owner of property who receives payment for its use by another person
renunciation	n.	rejecting or disowning or disclaiming as invalid
renunciation	n.	the state of having rejected your religious beliefs or your political party or a cause (often in favor of opposing beliefs or causes)
renunciation	n.	an act (spoken or written) declaring that something is surrendered or disowned
renunciation	n.	the act of renouncing; sacrificing or giving up or surrendering (a possession or right or title or privilege etc.)
reopen	v.	open again or anew
rep	n.	informal abbreviation of `representative'
rep	n.	a fabric with prominent rounded crosswise ribs
repaint	v.	paint again
repair	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
repair	n.	a formal way of referring to the condition of something
repair	n.	a frequently visited place
repair	v.	restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken
repair	v.	make amends for; pay compensation for
repair	v.	move, travel, or proceed toward some place
repair	v.	set straight or right
repair	v.	give new life or energy to
repairer	n.	a skilled worker who mends or repairs things
repairman	n.	a skilled worker whose job is to repair things
repairmen	n.	a skilled worker whose job is to repair things
reparable	adj.	capable of being repaired or rectified
reparation	n.	compensation (given or received) for an insult or injury
reparation	n.	(usually plural) compensation exacted from a defeated nation by the victors
reparation	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
reparation	n.	something done or paid in expiation of a wrong
reparations	n.	compensation (given or received) for an insult or injury
reparations	n.	(usually plural) compensation exacted from a defeated nation by the victors
reparations	n.	the act of putting something in working order again
reparations	n.	something done or paid in expiation of a wrong
repartee	n.	adroitness and cleverness in reply
repatriate	n.	a person who has returned to the country of origin or whose citizenship has been restored
repatriate	v.	send someone back to his homeland against his will, as of refugees
repatriate	v.	admit back into the country
repatriation	n.	the act of returning to the country of origin
repeat	n.	an event that repeats
repeat	v.	to say, state, or perform again
repeat	v.	make or do or perform again
repeat	v.	happen or occur again
repeat	v.	to say again or imitate
repeat	v.	do over
repeat	v.	repeat an earlier theme of a composition
repeatable	adj.	able or fit to be repeated or quoted
repeated	v.	to say, state, or perform again
repeated	v.	make or do or perform again
repeated	v.	happen or occur again
repeated	v.	to say again or imitate
repeated	v.	do over
repeated	v.	repeat an earlier theme of a composition
repeated	adj.	recurring again and again
repeater	n.	a person who repeats
repeater	n.	someone who is repeatedly arrested for criminal behavior (especially for the same criminal behavior)
repeater	n.	a firearm that can fire several rounds without reloading
repeater	n.	(electronics) electronic device that amplifies a signal before transmitting it again
repeating	n.	the act of doing or performing again
repeating	v.	to say, state, or perform again
repeating	v.	make or do or perform again
repeating	v.	happen or occur again
repeating	v.	to say again or imitate
repeating	v.	do over
repeating	v.	repeat an earlier theme of a composition
repel	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
repel	v.	be repellent to; cause aversion in
repel	v.	force or drive back
repel	v.	reject outright and bluntly
repel	v.	fill with distaste
repelled	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
repelled	v.	be repellent to; cause aversion in
repelled	v.	force or drive back
repelled	v.	reject outright and bluntly
repelled	v.	fill with distaste
repellent	n.	a compound with which fabrics are treated to repel water
repellent	n.	a chemical substance that repels animals
repellent	n.	the power to repel
repellent	adj.	serving or tending to repel
repellent	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
repellent	adj.	incapable of absorbing or mixing with
repelling	v.	cause to move back by force or influence
repelling	v.	be repellent to; cause aversion in
repelling	v.	force or drive back
repelling	v.	reject outright and bluntly
repelling	v.	fill with distaste
repelling	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
repent	v.	turn away from sin or do penitence
repent	v.	feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about
repentance	n.	remorse for your past conduct
repentant	adj.	feeling or expressing remorse for misdeeds
repercussion	n.	a remote or indirect consequence of some action
repercussion	n.	a movement back from an impact
repertoire	n.	the entire range of skills or aptitudes or devices used in a particular field or occupation
repertoire	n.	a collection of works (plays, songs, operas, ballets) that an artist or company can perform and do perform for short intervals on a regular schedule
repertory	n.	a storehouse where a stock of things is kept
repertory	n.	the entire range of skills or aptitudes or devices used in a particular field or occupation
repertory	n.	a collection of works (plays, songs, operas, ballets) that an artist or company can perform and do perform for short intervals on a regular schedule
repetition	n.	an event that repeats
repetition	n.	the act of doing or performing again
repetition	n.	the repeated use of the same word or word pattern as a rhetorical device
repetitious	adj.	characterized by repetition
repetitiousness	n.	verboseness resulting from excessive repetitions
repetitive	adj.	repetitive and persistent
repetitive	adj.	characterized by repetition
repetitiveness	n.	verboseness resulting from excessive repetitions
replaceable	adj.	capable of being replaced
replant	v.	plant again or anew
replenish	v.	fill something that had previously been emptied
replenishment	n.	filling again by supplying what has been used up
replete	v.	fill to satisfaction
replete	adj.	filled to satisfaction with food or drink
replete	adj.	(followed by `with')deeply filled or permeated
repletion	n.	the state of being satisfactorily full and unable to take on more
repletion	n.	eating until excessively full
replica	n.	copy that is not the original; something that has been copied
replicate	v.	bend or turn backward
replicate	v.	reproduce or make an exact copy of
replicate	v.	make or do or perform again
replication	n.	the act of making copies
replication	n.	(genetics) the process whereby DNA makes a copy of itself before cell division
replication	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
replication	n.	(law) a pleading made by a plaintiff in reply to the defendant's plea or answer
replication	n.	the repetition of a sound resulting from reflection of the sound waves
replication	n.	copy that is not the original; something that has been copied
replication	n.	the repetition of an experiment in order to test the validity of its conclusion
reportage	n.	the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or radio or television
reported	v.	to give an account or representation of in words
reported	v.	announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding
reported	v.	announce one's presence
reported	v.	make known to the authorities
reported	v.	be responsible for reporting the details of, as in journalism
reported	v.	complain about; make a charge against
reported	adj.	made known or told about; especially presented in a formal account
reposeful	adj.	affording physical or mental rest
reposition	n.	depositing in a warehouse
reposition	v.	change place or direction
reposition	v.	place into another position
repository	n.	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping
repository	n.	a person to whom a secret is entrusted
repository	n.	a burial vault (usually for some famous person)
reprehend	v.	express strong disapproval of
reprehensibility	n.	being reprehensible; worthy of and deserving reprehension or reproof
reprehensible	adj.	bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure
reprehensibly	adv.	in a manner or to a degree deserving blame or censure
reprehension	n.	an act or expression of criticism and censure
represent	v.	take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to
represent	v.	express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol
represent	v.	be representative or typical for
represent	v.	be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute
represent	v.	serve as a means of expressing something
represent	v.	be characteristic of
represent	v.	form or compose
represent	v.	be the defense counsel for someone in a trial
represent	v.	create an image or likeness of
represent	v.	play a role or part
represent	v.	perform (a play), especially on a stage
represent	v.	describe or present, usually with respect to a particular quality
represent	v.	point out or draw attention to in protest or remonstrance
represent	v.	bring forward and present to the mind
represent	v.	to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets)
representational	adj.	(used especially of art) depicting objects, figures,or scenes as seen
representative	n.	a person who represents others
representative	n.	an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose
representative	n.	a member of the United States House of Representatives
representative	n.	an item of information that is typical of a class or group
representative	adj.	serving to represent or typify
representative	adj.	standing for something else
representative	adj.	being or characteristic of government by representation in which citizens exercise power through elected officers and representatives
represented	v.	take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to
represented	v.	express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol
represented	v.	be representative or typical for
represented	v.	be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute
represented	v.	serve as a means of expressing something
represented	v.	be characteristic of
represented	v.	form or compose
represented	v.	be the defense counsel for someone in a trial
represented	v.	create an image or likeness of
represented	v.	play a role or part
represented	v.	perform (a play), especially on a stage
represented	v.	describe or present, usually with respect to a particular quality
represented	v.	point out or draw attention to in protest or remonstrance
represented	v.	bring forward and present to the mind
represented	v.	to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets)
represented	adj.	represented accurately or precisely
repression	n.	a state of forcible subjugation
repression	n.	(psychiatry) the classical defense mechanism that protects you from impulses or ideas that would cause anxiety by preventing them from becoming conscious
repression	n.	the act of repressing; control by holding down
repressive	adj.	restrictive of action
reprieve	n.	a (temporary) relief from harm or discomfort
reprieve	n.	an interruption in the intensity or amount of something
reprieve	n.	a warrant granting postponement (usually to postpone the execution of the death sentence)
reprieve	n.	the act of reprieving; postponing or remitting punishment
reprieve	v.	postpone the punishment of a convicted criminal, such as an execution
reprieve	v.	relieve temporarily
reprimand	n.	an act or expression of criticism and censure
reprimand	v.	rebuke formally
reprimand	v.	censure severely or angrily
reprisal	n.	a retaliatory action against an enemy in wartime
reprise	v.	repeat an earlier theme of a composition
reproach	n.	a mild rebuke or criticism
reproach	n.	disgrace or shame
reproach	v.	express criticism towards
reproachful	adj.	expressing reproof or reproach especially as a corrective
reprobate	n.	a person without moral scruples
reprobate	v.	reject (documents) as invalid
reprobate	v.	abandon to eternal damnation
reprobate	v.	express strong disapproval of
reprobate	adj.	deviating from what is considered moral or right or proper or good
reproductive	adj.	producing new life or offspring
reproving	v.	take to task
reproving	adj.	expressing reproof or reproach especially as a corrective
reptile	n.	any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class Reptilia including tortoises, turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators, crocodiles, and extinct forms
reptilian	n.	any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class Reptilia including tortoises, turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators, crocodiles, and extinct forms
reptilian	adj.	of or relating to the class Reptilia
republic	n.	a political system in which the supreme power lies in a body of citizens who can elect people to represent them
republic	n.	a form of government whose head of state is not a monarch
republican	n.	a member of the Republican Party
republican	n.	an advocate of a republic (usually in opposition to a monarchy)
republican	n.	a tributary of the Kansas River that flows from eastern Colorado eastward through Nebraska and Kansas
republican	adj.	relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
republican	adj.	having the supreme power lying in the body of citizens entitled to vote for officers and representatives responsible to them or characteristic of such government; - United States Constitution; ; - Philip Marsh; -Nathaniel Hawthorne
republicanism	n.	the political orientation of those who hold that a republic is the best form of government
repudiate	v.	cast off
repudiate	v.	refuse to acknowledge, ratify, or recognize as valid
repudiate	v.	refuse to recognize or pay
repudiate	v.	reject as untrue, unfounded, or unjust
repudiation	n.	rejecting or disowning or disclaiming as invalid
repudiation	n.	refusal to acknowledge or pay a debt or honor a contract (especially by public authorities)
repudiation	n.	the exposure of falseness or pretensions
repugnance	n.	intense aversion
repugnance	n.	the relation between propositions that cannot both be true at the same time
repugnant	adj.	offensive to the mind
repulsion	n.	the force by which bodies repel one another
repulsion	n.	intense aversion
repulsion	n.	the act of repulsing or repelling an attack; a successful defensive stand
repulsive	adj.	offensive to the mind
repulsive	adj.	possessing the ability to repel
repulsive	adj.	so extremely ugly as to be terrifying
repulsiveness	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
repurchase	n.	the act of purchasing back something previously sold
repurchase	v.	buy what had previously been sold, lost, or given away
reputability	n.	honorableness by virtue of being respectable and having a good reputation
reputably	adv.	in a reputable manner
reputation	n.	the state of being held in high esteem and honor
reputation	n.	notoriety for some particular characteristic
reputation	n.	the general estimation that the public has for a person
repute	n.	the state of being held in high esteem and honor
repute	v.	look on as or consider
reputed	v.	look on as or consider
request	n.	a formal message requesting something that is submitted to an authority
request	n.	the verbal act of requesting
request	v.	express the need or desire for; ask for
request	v.	ask (a person) to do something
request	v.	inquire for (information)
requiem	n.	a song or hymn of mourning composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person
requiem	n.	a musical setting for a Mass celebrating the dead
requiem	n.	a Mass celebrated for the dead
require	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
require	v.	consider obligatory; request and expect
require	v.	make someone do something
require	v.	have need of
requirement	n.	required activity
requirement	n.	anything indispensable
requirement	n.	something that is required in advance
requisite	n.	anything indispensable
requisite	adj.	necessary for relief or supply
requisition	n.	the act of requiring; an authoritative request or demand, especially by a military or public authority that takes something over (usually temporarily) for military or public use
requisition	n.	an official form on which a request in made
requisition	n.	seizing property that belongs to someone else and holding it until profits pay the demand for which it was seized
requisition	v.	make a formal request for official services
requisition	v.	demand and take for use or service, especially by military or public authority for public service
requital	n.	a justly deserved penalty
requital	n.	an act of requiting; returning in kind
requite	v.	make repayment for or return something
requited	v.	make repayment for or return something
reread	v.	read anew; read again
rerunning	v.	broadcast again, as of a film
rerunning	v.	rerun a performance of a play, for example
rerunning	v.	run again for office
rerunning	v.	cause to perform again
rescind	v.	cancel officially
rescission	n.	(law) the act of rescinding; the cancellation of a contract and the return of the parties to the positions they would have had if the contract had not been made
rescue	n.	recovery or preservation from loss or danger
rescue	v.	free from harm or evil
rescue	v.	take forcibly from legal custody
rescuer	n.	a person who rescues you from harm or danger
rescuer	n.	someone who saves something from danger or violence
reseal	v.	seal again
resemble	v.	appear like; be similar or bear a likeness to
resent	v.	feel bitter or indignant about
resent	v.	wish ill or allow unwillingly
resentful	adj.	full of or marked by resentment or indignant ill will
resentment	n.	a feeling of deep and bitter anger and ill-will
reserpine	n.	antihypertensive consisting of an alkaloid extracted from the plant Rauwolfia serpentina (trade names Raudixin or Rau-Sed or Sandril or Serpasil)
reservation	n.	a district that is reserved for particular purpose
reservation	n.	a statement that limits or restricts some claim
reservation	n.	an unstated doubt that prevents you from accepting something wholeheartedly
reservation	n.	the act of reserving (a place or passage) or engaging the services of (a person or group)
reservation	n.	the written record or promise of an arrangement by which accommodations are secured in advance
reservation	n.	something reserved in advance (as a hotel accommodation or a seat on a plane etc.)
reservation	n.	the act of keeping back or setting aside for some future occasion
reserved	v.	hold back or set aside, especially for future use or contingency
reserved	v.	give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause
reserved	v.	obtain or arrange (for oneself) in advance
reserved	v.	arrange for and reserve (something for someone else) in advance
reserved	adj.	set aside for the use of a particular person or party
reserved	adj.	marked by self-restraint and reticence; -Victoria Sackville-West
reservist	n.	a member of a military reserve
reservoir	n.	a large or extra supply of something
reservoir	n.	lake used to store water for community use
reservoir	n.	tank used for collecting and storing a liquid (as water or oil)
reservoir	n.	anything (a person or animal or plant or substance) in which an infectious agent normally lives and multiplies
resetting	v.	set anew
resetting	v.	set to zero
resetting	v.	adjust again after an initial failure
residence	n.	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily
residence	n.	the official house or establishment of an important person (as a sovereign or president)
residence	n.	the act of dwelling in a place
residence	n.	a large and imposing house
residency	n.	the act of dwelling in a place
residency	n.	the position of physician who is receiving special training in a hospital (usually after completing an internship)
resident	n.	someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born there
resident	n.	a physician (especially an intern) who lives in a hospital and cares for hospitalized patients under the supervision of the medical staff of the hospital
resident	adj.	living in a particular place
resident	adj.	used of animals that do not migrate
residential	adj.	used or designed for residence or limited to residences
residential	adj.	of or relating to or connected with residence
residua	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
residual	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
residual	n.	(often plural) a payment that is made to a performer or writer or director of a television show or commercial that is paid for every repeat showing
residual	adj.	relating to or indicating a remainder
residue	n.	matter that remains after something has been removed
residue	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
residuum	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
resignation	n.	acceptance of despair
resignation	n.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.)
resignation	n.	a formal document giving notice of your intention to resign
resigned	v.	leave (a job, post, or position) voluntarily
resigned	v.	give up or retire from a position
resigned	v.	part with a possession or right
resigned	v.	accept as inevitable
resilience	n.	the physical property of a material that can return to its original shape or position after deformation that does not exceed its elastic limit
resilience	n.	an occurrence of rebounding or springing back
resiliency	n.	an occurrence of rebounding or springing back
resiliency	n.	the physical property of a material that can return to its original shape or position after deformation that does not exceed its elastic limit
resilient	adj.	recovering readily from adversity, depression, or the like
resilient	adj.	elastic; rebounds readily
resinous	adj.	having the characteristics of pitch or tar
resist	v.	elude, especially in a baffling way
resist	v.	stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something
resist	v.	express opposition through action or words
resist	v.	withstand the force of something
resist	v.	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ
resist	v.	refuse to comply
resistance	n.	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with
resistance	n.	any mechanical force that tends to retard or oppose motion
resistance	n.	a material's opposition to the flow of electric current; measured in ohms
resistance	n.	the military action of resisting the enemy's advance
resistance	n.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease
resistance	n.	the capacity of an organism to defend itself against harmful environmental agents
resistance	n.	a secret group organized to overthrow a government or occupation force
resistance	n.	the degree of unresponsiveness of a disease-causing microorganism to antibiotics or other drugs (as in penicillin-resistant bacteria)
resistance	n.	(psychiatry) an unwillingness to bring repressed feelings into conscious awareness
resistance	n.	an electrical device that resists the flow of electrical current
resistance	n.	group action in opposition to those in power
resistant	adj.	relating to or conferring immunity (to disease or infection)
resistant	adj.	able to tolerate environmental conditions or physiological stress
resistant	adj.	impervious to being affected
resistant	adj.	disposed to or engaged in defiance of established authority
resistant	adj.	incapable of absorbing or mixing with
resistible	adj.	capable of being resisted or withstood or frustrated
resistivity	n.	a material's opposition to the flow of electric current; measured in ohms
resistless	adj.	impossible to resist; overpowering
resistless	adj.	offering no resistance; ; - Theodore Roosevelt
resistor	n.	an electrical device that resists the flow of electrical current
resole	v.	put a new sole on
resolute	adj.	firm in purpose or belief; characterized by firmness and determination
resolute	adj.	characterized by quickness and firmness
resoluteness	n.	the trait of being resolute
resolve	n.	the trait of being resolute
resolve	n.	a formal expression by a meeting; agreed to by a vote
resolve	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
resolve	v.	reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation
resolve	v.	reach a decision
resolve	v.	understand the meaning of
resolve	v.	make clearly visible
resolve	v.	find the solution
resolve	v.	cause to go into a solution
resolved	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
resolved	v.	reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation
resolved	v.	reach a decision
resolved	v.	understand the meaning of
resolved	v.	make clearly visible
resolved	v.	find the solution
resolved	v.	cause to go into a solution
resolved	adj.	determined
resolved	adj.	explained or answered
resonance	n.	an excited state of a stable particle causing a sharp maximum in the probability of absorption of electromagnetic radiation
resonance	n.	a vibration of large amplitude produced by a relatively small vibration near the same frequency of vibration as the natural frequency of the resonating system
resonance	n.	having the character of a loud deep sound; the quality of being resonant
resonance	n.	a relationship of mutual understanding or trust and agreement between people
resonance	n.	the quality imparted to voiced speech sounds by the action of the resonating chambers of the throat and mouth and nasal cavities
resonant	adj.	characterized by resonance
resonant	adj.	serving to bring to mind; - Wilder Hobson
resonate	v.	sound with resonance
resonate	v.	be received or understood
resonator	n.	a hollow chamber whose dimensions allow the resonant oscillation of electromagnetic or acoustic waves
resonator	n.	an electrical circuit that combines capacitance and inductance in such a way that a periodic electric oscillation will reach maximum amplitude
resonator	n.	any system that resonates
resorption	n.	the organic process in which the substance of some differentiated structure that has been produced by the body undergoes lysis and assimilation
resound	v.	ring or echo with sound
resound	v.	emit a noise
resounding	v.	ring or echo with sound
resounding	v.	emit a noise
resounding	adj.	characterized by resonance
resourceful	adj.	having inner resources; adroit or imaginative
resourcefulness	n.	the quality of being able to cope with a difficult situation
resourcefulness	n.	the ability to deal resourcefully with unusual problems
respect	n.	(usually preceded by `in') a detail or point
respect	n.	the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded)
respect	n.	an attitude of admiration or esteem
respect	n.	a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard
respect	n.	behavior intended to please your parents
respect	n.	a feeling of friendship and esteem
respect	n.	courteous regard for people's feelings
respect	v.	regard highly; think much of
respect	v.	show respect towards
respectability	n.	honorableness by virtue of being respectable and having a good reputation
respectable	adj.	characterized by socially or conventionally acceptable morals
respectable	adj.	deserving of esteem and respect
respectable	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
respectably	adv.	to a tolerably worthy extent
respectably	adv.	in a decent and morally reputable manner
respectful	adj.	full of or exhibiting respect
respectful	adj.	feeling or manifesting veneration
respectfulness	n.	courteous regard for people's feelings
respective	adj.	considered individually
respiration	n.	the metabolic processes whereby certain organisms obtain energy from organic molecules; processes that take place in the cells and tissues during which energy is released and carbon dioxide is produced and absorbed by the blood to be transported to the lungs
respiration	n.	a single complete act of breathing in and out
respiration	n.	the bodily process of inhalation and exhalation; the process of taking in oxygen from inhaled air and releasing carbon dioxide by exhalation
respirator	n.	a breathing device for administering long-term artificial respiration
respirator	n.	a protective mask with a filter; protects the face and lungs against poisonous gases
respiratory	adj.	pertaining to respiration
respire	v.	breathe easily again, as after exertion or anxiety
respire	v.	undergo the biomedical and metabolic processes of respiration by taking up oxygen and producing carbon monoxide
respire	v.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs
resplendence	n.	brilliant radiant beauty
resplendent	adj.	having great beauty and splendor
respond	v.	show a response or a reaction to something
respond	v.	react verbally
respond	v.	respond favorably or as hoped
respondent	n.	the codefendant (especially in a divorce proceeding) who is accused of adultery with the corespondent
respondent	n.	someone who responds
respondent	adj.	replying
response	n.	a result
response	n.	a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent
response	n.	a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation
response	n.	the manner in which something is greeted
response	n.	a phrase recited or sung by the congregation following a versicle by the priest or minister
response	n.	the speech act of continuing a conversational exchange
response	n.	the manner in which an electrical or mechanical device responds to an input signal or a range of input signals
responsibility	n.	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force; ; - John D.Rockefeller Jr
responsibility	n.	the proper sphere or extent of your activities
responsibility	n.	a form of trustworthiness; the trait of being answerable to someone for something or being responsible for one's conduct
responsible	adj.	worthy of or requiring responsibility or trust; or held accountable
responsible	adj.	being the agent or cause
responsible	adj.	having an acceptable credit rating
responsibly	adv.	in a responsible manner
responsive	adj.	containing or using responses; alternating
responsive	adj.	readily reacting or replying to people or events or stimuli; showing emotion
responsive	adj.	reacting to a stimulus
responsiveness	n.	responsive to stimulation
responsiveness	n.	the quality of being responsive; reacting quickly; as a quality of people, it involves responding with emotion to people and events
rest	n.	something left after other parts have been taken away
rest	n.	freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)
rest	n.	a pause for relaxation
rest	n.	a state of inaction
rest	n.	euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb)
rest	n.	a support on which things can be put
rest	n.	a musical notation indicating a silence of a specified duration
rest	v.	not move; be in a resting position
rest	v.	take a short break from one's activities in order to relax
rest	v.	give a rest to
rest	v.	have a place in relation to something else
rest	v.	be at rest
rest	v.	stay the same; remain in a certain state
rest	v.	be inherent or innate in
rest	v.	put something in a resting position, as for support or steadying
rest	v.	sit, as on a branch
rest	v.	rest on or as if on a pillow
rest	v.	be inactive, refrain from acting
restate	v.	to say, state, or perform again
restaurant	n.	a building where people go to eat
restaurateur	n.	the proprietor of a restaurant
restful	adj.	affording physical or mental rest
restfulness	n.	the attribute of being restful
restitution	n.	a sum of money paid in compensation for loss or injury
restitution	n.	the act of restoring something to its original state
restitution	n.	getting something back again
restive	adj.	being in a tense state
restive	adj.	impatient especially under restriction or delay
restiveness	n.	the anxious feeling you have when you have the jitters
restiveness	n.	characterized by nervousness and quickness to take fright
restless	adj.	worried and uneasy
restless	adj.	ceaselessly in motion
restless	adj.	lacking or not affording physical or mental rest
restlessness	n.	the quality of being ceaselessly moving or active
restlessness	n.	a lack of patience; irritation with anything that causes delay
restlessness	n.	a feeling of agitation expressed in continual motion
restlessness	n.	inability to rest or relax or be still
restoration	n.	the reign of Charles II in England; 1660-1685
restoration	n.	the act of restoring something or someone to a satisfactory state
restoration	n.	getting something back again
restoration	n.	the state of being restored to its former good condition
restoration	n.	some artifact that has been restored or reconstructed
restoration	n.	a model that represents the landscape of a former geological age or that represents and extinct animal etc.
restoration	n.	the re-establishment of the British monarchy in 1660
restorative	n.	a medicine that strengthens and invigorates
restorative	n.	a device for treating injury or disease
restorative	adj.	tending to impart new life and vigor to
restorative	adj.	promoting recuperation
restorer	n.	a skilled worker who is employed to restore or refinish buildings or antique furniture
restrained	v.	keep under control; keep in check
restrained	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
restrained	v.	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement
restrained	v.	hold back
restrained	v.	to compel or deter by or as if by threats
restrained	adj.	cool and formal in manner
restrained	adj.	under restraint
restrained	adj.	marked by avoidance of extravagance or extremes
restrained	adj.	not showy or obtrusive
restrained	adj.	prudent
restraint	n.	the act of controlling by restraining someone or something
restraint	n.	discipline in personal and social activities
restraint	n.	the state of being physically constrained
restraint	n.	a rule or condition that limits freedom
restraint	n.	lack of ornamentation
restraint	n.	a device that retards something's motion
restrict	v.	place restrictions on
restrict	v.	place under restrictions; limit access to
restrict	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
restrict	v.	make more specific
restricted	v.	place restrictions on
restricted	v.	place under restrictions; limit access to
restricted	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
restricted	v.	make more specific
restricted	adj.	subject to restriction or subjected to restriction
restricted	adj.	restricted in meaning; (as e.g. `man' in `a tall man')
restricted	adj.	the lowest level of official classification for documents
restriction	n.	a principle that limits the extent of something
restriction	n.	an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation)
restriction	n.	the act of keeping something within specified bounds (by force if necessary)
restrictive	adj.	serving to restrict
restrictive	adj.	(of tariff) protective of national interests by restricting imports
restrictiveness	n.	a grammatical qualification that makes the meaning more specific (`red hat' has a more specific meaning than `hat')
restrictiveness	n.	a lack of permissiveness or indulgence and a tendency to confine behavior within certain specified limits
restroom	n.	a toilet that is available to the public
restructuring	v.	construct or form anew or provide with a new structure
result	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
result	n.	a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem
result	n.	something that results
result	n.	the semantic role of the noun phrase whose referent exists only by virtue of the activity denoted by the verb in the clause
result	v.	issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end
result	v.	have as a result or residue
result	v.	come about or follow as a consequence
resultant	n.	the final point in a process
resultant	n.	something that results
resultant	n.	a vector that is the sum of two or more other vectors
resultant	adj.	following or accompanying as a consequence
resume	n.	short descriptive summary (of events)
resume	n.	a summary of your academic and work history
resume	v.	take up or begin anew
resume	v.	return to a previous location or condition
resume	v.	assume anew
resume	v.	give a summary (of)
resumption	n.	beginning again
resurgence	n.	bringing again into activity and prominence
resurgent	adj.	rising again as to new life and vigor
resurrect	v.	cause to become alive again
resurrect	v.	restore from a depressed, inactive, or unused state
resurrect	v.	return from the dead
resurrection	n.	(New Testament) the rising of Christ on the third day after the Crucifixion
resurrection	n.	a revival from inactivity and disuse
resuscitate	v.	cause to regain consciousness
resuscitate	v.	return to consciousness
resuscitation	n.	the act of reviving a person and returning them to consciousness
resuscitator	n.	a breathing apparatus used for resuscitation by forcing oxygen into the lungs of a person who has undergone asphyxia or arrest of respiration
retailer	n.	a merchant who sells goods at retail
retain	v.	hold back within
retain	v.	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
retain	v.	secure and keep for possible future use or application
retain	v.	keep in one's mind
retainer	n.	a fee charged in advance to retain the services of someone
retainer	n.	a person working in the service of another (especially in the household)
retainer	n.	a dental appliance that holds teeth (or a prosthesis) in position after orthodontic treatment
retake	n.	a shot or scene that is photographed again
retake	v.	take back by force, as after a battle
retake	v.	capture again
retake	v.	photograph again
retaliate	v.	take revenge for a perceived wrong
retaliate	v.	make a counterattack and return like for like, especially evil for evil
retaliation	n.	action taken in return for an injury or offense
retaliatory	adj.	of or relating to or having the nature of retribution
retard	n.	a person of subnormal intelligence
retard	v.	cause to move more slowly or operate at a slower rate
retard	v.	be delayed
retard	v.	slow the growth or development of
retard	v.	lose velocity; move more slowly
retardant	n.	any agent that retards or delays or hinders
retardation	n.	a decrease in rate of change
retardation	n.	the extent to which something is delayed or held back
retardation	n.	any agent that retards or delays or hinders
retardation	n.	lack of normal development of intellectual capacities
retardation	n.	the act of slowing down or falling behind
retch	n.	an involuntary spasm of ineffectual vomiting
retch	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
retch	v.	make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit
retention	n.	the act of retaining something
retention	n.	the power of retaining and recalling past experience
retention	n.	the power of retaining liquid
retentive	adj.	good at remembering
retentive	adj.	having the capacity to retain something
retentive	adj.	having the power, capacity, or quality of retaining water
retentiveness	n.	the power of retaining and recalling past experience
retentiveness	n.	the property of retaining possessions that have been acquired
retentiveness	n.	the power of retaining liquid
rethink	n.	thinking again about a choice previously made
rethink	v.	change one's mind
rethought	v.	change one's mind
reticence	n.	the trait of being uncommunicative; not volunteering anything more than necessary
reticent	adj.	temperamentally disinclined to talk
reticent	adj.	cool and formal in manner
reticent	adj.	reluctant to draw attention to yourself
reticulated	v.	form a net or a network
reticulated	v.	distribute by a network, as of water or electricity
reticulated	v.	divide so as to form a network
reticulation	n.	(photography) the formation of a network of cracks or wrinkles in a photographic emulsion
reticulation	n.	an arrangement resembling a net or network
reticulum	n.	a small constellation in the southern hemisphere near Dorado and Hydrus
reticulum	n.	any fine network (especially one in the body composed of cells or blood vessels)
reticulum	n.	the second compartment of the stomach of a ruminant
retina	n.	the innermost light-sensitive membrane covering the back wall of the eyeball; it is continuous with the optic nerve
retinal	n.	either of two yellow to red retinal pigments formed from rhodopsin by the action of light
retinal	adj.	in or relating to the retina of the eye
retinoblastoma	n.	malignant ocular tumor of retinal cells; usually occurs before the third year of life; composed of primitive small round retinal cells
retinue	n.	the group following and attending to some important person
retiree	n.	someone who has retired from active working
retirement	n.	the state of being retired from one's business or occupation
retirement	n.	withdrawal from your position or occupation
retirement	n.	withdrawal for prayer and study and meditation
retort	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
retort	n.	a vessel where substances are distilled or decomposed by heat
retort	v.	answer back
retrace	v.	to go back over again
retrace	v.	reassemble mentally
retract	v.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure
retract	v.	pull away from a source of disgust or fear
retract	v.	use a surgical instrument to hold open (the edges of a wound or an organ)
retract	v.	pull inward or towards a center
retractile	adj.	capable of retraction; capable of being drawn back
retraction	n.	a disavowal or taking back of a previous assertion
retraction	n.	the act of pulling or holding or drawing a part back
retrain	v.	teach new skills
retrain	v.	train again
retread	n.	a used automobile tire that has been remolded to give it new treads
retread	v.	use again in altered form
retread	v.	give new treads to (a tire)
retrenchment	n.	entrenchment consisting of an additional interior fortification to prolong the defense
retrenchment	n.	the reduction of expenditures in order to become financially stable
retribution	n.	a justly deserved penalty
retribution	n.	the act of correcting for your wrongdoing
retribution	n.	the act of taking revenge (harming someone in retaliation for something harmful that they have done) especially in the next life; --Romans 12:19; --James Garfield
retributive	adj.	of or relating to or having the nature of retribution
retributive	adj.	given or inflicted in requital according to merits or deserts
retrieval	n.	(computer science) the operation of accessing information from the computer's memory
retrieval	n.	the cognitive operation of accessing information in memory
retrieval	n.	the act of regaining or saving something lost (or in danger of becoming lost)
retrieve	v.	get or find back; recover the use of
retrieve	v.	go for and bring back
retrieve	v.	run after, pick up, and bring to the master
retrieve	v.	recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
retriever	n.	a dog with heavy water-resistant coat that can be trained to retrieve game
retro	n.	a fashion reminiscent of the past
retro	adj.	affecting things past
retroactive	adj.	descriptive of any event or stimulus or process that has an effect on the effects of events or stimuli or process that occurred previously
retroactive	adj.	affecting things past
retrofit	n.	a component or accessory added to something after it has been manufactured
retrofit	n.	the act of adding a component or accessory to something that did not have it when it was manufactured
retrofit	v.	provide with parts, devices, or equipment not available or in use at the time of the original manufacture
retrofit	v.	fit in or on an existing structure, such as an older house
retrofit	v.	substitute new or modernized parts or equipment for older ones
retrofitted	v.	provide with parts, devices, or equipment not available or in use at the time of the original manufacture
retrofitted	v.	fit in or on an existing structure, such as an older house
retrofitted	v.	substitute new or modernized parts or equipment for older ones
retrofitting	v.	provide with parts, devices, or equipment not available or in use at the time of the original manufacture
retrofitting	v.	fit in or on an existing structure, such as an older house
retrofitting	v.	substitute new or modernized parts or equipment for older ones
retrograde	v.	move backward in an orbit, of celestial bodies
retrograde	v.	move in a direction contrary to the usual one
retrograde	v.	move back
retrograde	v.	go back over
retrograde	v.	get worse or fall back to a previous condition
retrograde	adj.	moving from east to west on the celestial sphere; or--for planets--around the sun in a direction opposite to that of the Earth
retrograde	adj.	of amnesia; affecting time immediately preceding trauma
retrograde	adj.	going from better to worse
retrograde	adj.	moving or directed or tending in a backward direction or contrary to a previous direction
retrogress	v.	get worse or fall back to a previous condition
retrogress	v.	go back to bad behavior
retrogression	n.	passing from a more complex to a simpler biological form
retrogression	n.	returning to a former state
retrorocket	n.	a small rocket engine on a larger rocket or spacecraft that is fired to slow or alter its course
retrospect	n.	contemplation of things past
retrospect	v.	look back upon (a period of time, sequence of events); remember
retrospection	n.	reference to things past
retrospection	n.	memory for experiences that are past
retrospective	n.	an exhibition of a representative selection of an artist's life work
retrospective	adj.	concerned with or related to the past
retrovirus	n.	any of a group of viruses that contain two single-strand linear RNA molecules per virion and reverse transcriptase (RNA to DNA); the virus transcribes its RNA into a cDNA provirus that is then incorporated into the host cell
retsina	n.	Greek wine flavored with resin
returnable	adj.	that may be returned
reuben	n.	(Old Testment) a son of Jacob and forefather of one of the tribes of Israel
reuben	n.	a hot sandwich with corned beef and Swiss cheese and sauerkraut on rye bread
reunion	n.	a party of former associates who have come together again
reunion	n.	the act of coming together again
rev	n.	rate of revolution of a motor
rev	v.	increase the number of rotations per minute
revamping	v.	to patch up or renovate; repair or restore
revamping	v.	provide (a shoe) with a new vamp
reveal	v.	make visible
reveal	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
reveal	v.	disclose directly or through prophets
revealed	v.	make visible
revealed	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
revealed	v.	disclose directly or through prophets
revealing	n.	the speech act of making something evident
revealing	v.	make visible
revealing	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
revealing	v.	disclose directly or through prophets
revealing	adj.	disclosing unintentionally
revealing	adj.	showing or making known
reveille	n.	(military) signal to wake up
reveille	n.	a signal to get up in the morning; in the military it is a bugle call at sunrise
revel	n.	unrestrained merrymaking
revel	v.	take delight in
revel	v.	celebrate noisily, often indulging in drinking; engage in uproarious festivities
revelation	n.	the speech act of making something evident
revelation	n.	an enlightening or astonishing disclosure
revelation	n.	communication of knowledge to man by a divine or supernatural agency
revelation	n.	the last book of the New Testament; contains visionary descriptions of heaven and of conflicts between good and evil and of the end of the world; attributed to Saint John the Apostle
revelations	n.	the speech act of making something evident
revelations	n.	an enlightening or astonishing disclosure
revelations	n.	communication of knowledge to man by a divine or supernatural agency
revelations	n.	the last book of the New Testament; contains visionary descriptions of heaven and of conflicts between good and evil and of the end of the world; attributed to Saint John the Apostle
revelatory	adj.	(usually followed by `of') pointing out or revealing clearly
revelatory	adj.	prophetic of devastation or ultimate doom
reveler	n.	a celebrant who shares in a noisy party
revelry	n.	unrestrained merrymaking
revenge	n.	action taken in return for an injury or offense
revenge	v.	take revenge for a perceived wrong
revenuer	n.	a government agent responsible for collecting revenue (especially one responsible for stopping bootlegging)
reverberate	v.	ring or echo with sound
reverberate	v.	have a long or continuing effect
reverberate	v.	be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves
reverberate	v.	to throw or bend back (from a surface)
reverberate	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
reverberate	v.	treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace
reverberation	n.	the repetition of a sound resulting from reflection of the sound waves
reverberation	n.	a remote or indirect consequence of some action
revere	n.	American silversmith remembered for his midnight ride (celebrated in a poem by Longfellow) to warn the colonists in Lexington and Concord that British troops were coming (1735-1818)
revere	n.	a lapel on a woman's garment; turned back to show the reverse side
revere	v.	love unquestioningly and uncritically or to excess; venerate as an idol
revere	v.	regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of
reverence	n.	a feeling of profound respect for someone or something
reverence	n.	a reverent mental attitude
reverence	n.	an act showing respect (especially a bow or curtsy)
reverence	v.	regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of
reverend	n.	a member of the clergy and a spiritual leader of the Christian Church
reverend	n.	a title of respect for a clergyman
reverend	adj.	worthy of adoration or reverence
reverent	adj.	feeling or showing profound respect or veneration
reverent	adj.	showing great reverence for god
reverential	adj.	feeling or manifesting veneration
reverie	n.	absentminded dreaming while awake
reverie	n.	an abstracted state of absorption
revers	n.	a lapel on a woman's garment; turned back to show the reverse side
reversal	n.	a change from one state to the opposite state
reversal	n.	an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting or frustrating
reversal	n.	turning in an opposite direction or position
reversal	n.	a decision to reverse an earlier decision
reversal	n.	a judgment by a higher court that the judgment of a lower court was incorrect and should be set aside
reversal	n.	turning in the opposite direction
reversal	n.	the act of reversing the order or place of
reversal	n.	a major change in attitude or principle or point of view
reverse	n.	a relation of direct opposition
reverse	n.	the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed
reverse	n.	an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting or frustrating
reverse	n.	the side of a coin or medal that does not bear the principal design
reverse	n.	(American football) a running play in which a back running in one direction hands the ball to a back running in the opposite direction
reverse	n.	turning in the opposite direction
reverse	v.	change to the contrary
reverse	v.	turn inside out or upside down
reverse	v.	rule against
reverse	v.	cancel officially
reverse	v.	reverse the position, order, relation, or condition of
reverse	adj.	directed or moving toward the rear
reverse	adj.	of the transmission gear causing backward movement in a motor vehicle
reverse	adj.	reversed (turned backward) in order or nature or effect
reversibility	n.	the quality of being reversible in either direction
reversible	n.	a garment (especially a coat) that can be worn inside out (with either side of the cloth showing)
reversible	adj.	capable of reversing or being reversed
reversible	adj.	capable of being reversed or used with either side out
reversible	adj.	capable of being reversed
reversible	adj.	capable of assuming or producing either of two states
reversibly	adv.	in a reversible manner
revert	v.	go back to a previous state
revert	v.	undergo reversion, as in a mutation
revertible	adj.	to be returned to the former owner or that owner's heirs
revetment	n.	a barrier against explosives
revetment	n.	a facing (usually masonry) that supports an embankment
revile	v.	spread negative information about
revilement	n.	a rude expression intended to offend or hurt
reviser	n.	someone who puts text into appropriate form for publication
revision	n.	the act of revising or altering (involving reconsideration and modification)
revision	n.	the act of rewriting something
revision	n.	something that has been written again
revisionism	n.	any dangerous departure from the teachings of Marx
revisionism	n.	a moderate evolutionary form of Marxism
revisionist	n.	a Communist who tries to rewrite Marxism to justify a retreat from the revolutionary position
revival	n.	bringing again into activity and prominence
revival	n.	an evangelistic meeting intended to reawaken interest in religion
revivalism	n.	an attempt to reawaken the evangelical faith
revivalist	n.	a preacher of the Christian gospel
revive	v.	cause to regain consciousness
revive	v.	give new life or energy to
revive	v.	be brought back to life, consciousness, or strength
revive	v.	restore from a depressed, inactive, or unused state
revive	v.	return to consciousness
revivification	n.	bringing again into activity and prominence
revocable	adj.	capable of being revoked or annulled
revoke	n.	the mistake of not following suit when able to do so
revoke	v.	fail to follow suit when able and required to do so
revoke	v.	cancel officially
revolt	n.	organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
revolt	v.	make revolution
revolt	v.	fill with distaste
revolt	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
revolting	v.	make revolution
revolting	v.	fill with distaste
revolting	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
revolting	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
revolution	n.	a drastic and far-reaching change in ways of thinking and behaving
revolution	n.	the overthrow of a government by those who are governed
revolution	n.	a single complete turn (axial or orbital)
revolutionary	n.	a radical supporter of political or social revolution
revolutionary	adj.	markedly new or introducing radical change
revolutionary	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic or causing an axial or orbital turn
revolutionary	adj.	relating to or having the nature of a revolution
revolutionary	adj.	advocating or engaged in revolution
revolutionist	n.	a radical supporter of political or social revolution
revolutionize	v.	change radically
revolutionize	v.	overthrow by a revolution, of governments
revolutionize	v.	fill with revolutionary ideas
revolve	v.	turn on or around an axis or a center
revolve	v.	move in an orbit
revolve	v.	cause to move by turning over or in a circular manner of as if on an axis
revolver	n.	a pistol with a revolving cylinder (usually having six chambers for bullets)
revolver	n.	a door consisting of four orthogonal partitions that rotate about a central pivot; a door designed to equalize the air pressure in tall buildings
revue	n.	a variety show with topical sketches and songs and dancing and comedians
revulsion	n.	intense aversion
revved	v.	increase the number of rotations per minute
revving	v.	increase the number of rotations per minute
rewarded	v.	bestow honor or rewards upon
rewarded	v.	strengthen and support with rewards
rewarded	v.	act or give recompense in recognition of someone's behavior or actions
rewarding	v.	bestow honor or rewards upon
rewarding	v.	strengthen and support with rewards
rewarding	v.	act or give recompense in recognition of someone's behavior or actions
rewarding	adj.	providing personal satisfaction
rewrite	n.	something that has been written again
rewrite	v.	write differently; alter the writing of
rewrite	v.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose
rex	n.	a male sovereign; ruler of a kingdom
reyes	n.	Chilean poet (1904-1973)
reykjavik	n.	the capital and chief port of Iceland on the southwestern coast of Iceland; buildings are heated by natural hot water
reynolds	n.	English portrait painter and first president of the Royal Academy (1723-1792)
rf	n.	a substance produced by the hypothalamus that is capable of accelerating the secretion of a given hormone by the anterior pituitary gland
rf	n.	a radioactive transuranic element which has been synthesized
rf	n.	a complex neural network in the central core of the brainstem; monitors the state of the body and functions in such processes as arousal and sleep and attention and muscle tone
rfd	n.	free government delivery of mail in outlying country areas
rh	n.	a blood group antigen possessed by Rh-positive people; if an Rh-negative person receives a blood transfusion from an Rh-positive person it can result in hemolysis and anemia
rh	n.	a white hard metallic element that is one of the platinum group and is found in platinum ores; used in alloys with platinum
rh	n.	any of several hormones produced in the hypothalamus and carried by a vein to the anterior pituitary gland where they stimulate the release of anterior pituitary hormones; each of these hormones causes the anterior pituitary to secrete a specific hormone
rhapsodic	adj.	feeling great rapture or delight
rhapsodize	v.	recite a rhapsody
rhapsodize	v.	say (something) with great enthusiasm
rhapsody	n.	an epic poem adapted for recitation
rhea	n.	fertility goddess in ancient Greek mythology; wife of Cronus and mother of Zeus; identified with Roman Ops and Cybele of ancient Asia Minor
rhea	n.	smaller of two tall fast-running flightless birds similar to ostriches but three-toed; found from Peru to Strait of Magellan
rhea	n.	larger of two tall fast-running flightless birds similar to ostriches but three-toed; found from Brazil to Patagonia
rhenish	n.	any of several white wines from the Rhine River valley in Germany (`hock' is British usage)
rhenish	adj.	of or relating to the Rhine River and the lands adjacent to it
rhenium	n.	a rare heavy polyvalent metallic element that resembles manganese chemically and is used in some alloys; is obtained as a by-product in refining molybdenum
rheostat	n.	resistor for regulating current
rhesus	n.	of southern Asia; used in medical research
rhetoric	n.	using language effectively to please or persuade
rhetoric	n.	high-flown style; excessive use of verbal ornamentation
rhetoric	n.	loud and confused and empty talk
rhetoric	n.	study of the technique and rules for using language effectively (especially in public speaking)
rhetorical	adj.	of or relating to rhetoric; - W.A.White; - Lewis Mumford
rhetorical	adj.	given to rhetoric, emphasizing style at the expense of thought
rhetorician	n.	a person who delivers a speech or oration
rheum	n.	a watery discharge from the mucous membranes (especially from the eyes or nose)
rheum	n.	rhubarb
rheumatic	n.	a person suffering with rheumatism
rheumatic	adj.	of or pertaining to arthritis
rheumatism	n.	any painful disorder of the joints or muscles or connective tissues
rheumatism	n.	a chronic autoimmune disease with inflammation of the joints and marked deformities; something (possibly a virus) triggers an attack on the synovium by the immune system, which releases cytokines that stimulate an inflammatory reaction that can lead to the destruction of all components of the joint
rheumatoid	adj.	of or pertaining to arthritis
rheumy	adj.	moist, damp, wet (especially of air)
rheumy	adj.	of or pertaining to arthritis
rhine	n.	United States parapsychologist (1895-1980)
rhine	n.	a major European river carrying more traffic than any other river in the world; flows into the North Sea
rhineland	n.	a picturesque region of Germany around the Rhine river
rhinestone	n.	an imitation diamond made from rock crystal or glass or paste
rhinitis	n.	an inflammation of the mucous membrane lining the nose (usually associated with nasal discharge)
rhino	n.	massive powerful herbivorous odd-toed ungulate of southeast Asia and Africa having very thick skin and one or two horns on the snout
rhinoceros	n.	massive powerful herbivorous odd-toed ungulate of southeast Asia and Africa having very thick skin and one or two horns on the snout
rhinoplasty	n.	cosmetic surgery to improve the appearance of your nose
rhinovirus	n.	any of a group of picornaviruses that are responsible for many upper respiratory infections
rhizome	n.	a horizontal plant stem with shoots above and roots below serving as a reproductive structure
rho	n.	the 17th letter of the Greek alphabet
rhodes	n.	British colonial financier and statesman in South Africa; made a fortune in gold and diamond mining; helped colonize the territory now known as Zimbabwe; he endowed annual fellowships for British Commonwealth and United States students to study at Oxford University (1853-1902)
rhodes	n.	a Greek island in the southeast Aegean Sea 10 miles off the Turkish coast; the largest of the Dodecanese; it was colonized before 1000 BC by Dorians from Argos; site of the Colossus of Rhodes
rhodesia	n.	a landlocked republic in south central Africa formerly called Rhodesia; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1980
rhodesian	adj.	of or relating to the former country of Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe)
rhodium	n.	a white hard metallic element that is one of the platinum group and is found in platinum ores; used in alloys with platinum
rhododendron	n.	any shrub of the genus Rhododendron: evergreen shrubs or small shrubby trees having leathery leaves and showy clusters of campanulate (bell-shaped) flowers
rhomboid	n.	a parallelogram with adjacent sides of unequal lengths; an oblique-angled parallelogram with only the opposite sides equal
rhomboid	n.	any of several muscles of the upper back that help move the shoulder blade
rhomboid	adj.	shaped like a rhombus or rhomboid
rhomboidal	adj.	shaped like a rhombus or rhomboid
rhombus	n.	a parallelogram with four equal sides; an oblique-angled equilateral parallelogram
rhone	n.	a major French river; flows into the Mediterranean near Marseilles
rhubarb	n.	long pinkish sour leafstalks usually eaten cooked and sweetened
rhubarb	n.	plants having long green or reddish acidic leafstalks growing in basal clumps; stems (and only the stems) are edible when cooked; leaves are poisonous
rhyme	n.	correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds)
rhyme	n.	a piece of poetry
rhyme	v.	compose rhymes
rhyme	v.	be similar in sound, especially with respect to the last syllable
rhymer	n.	a writer who composes rhymes; a maker of poor verses (usually used as terms of contempt for minor or inferior poets)
rhymester	n.	a writer who composes rhymes; a maker of poor verses (usually used as terms of contempt for minor or inferior poets)
rhythm	n.	the basic rhythmic unit in a piece of music
rhythm	n.	recurring at regular intervals
rhythm	n.	an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs
rhythm	n.	the arrangement of spoken words alternating stressed and unstressed elements
rhythm	n.	natural family planning in which ovulation is assumed to occur 14 days before the onset of a period (the fertile period would be assumed to extend from day 10 through day 18 of her cycle)
rhythmic	adj.	recurring with measured regularity; - John Galsworthy
rhythmical	adj.	recurring with measured regularity; - John Galsworthy
ri	n.	a state in New England; one of the original 13 colonies; the smallest state
rial	n.	the basic unit of money in Yemen; equal to 100 fils
rial	n.	the basic unit of money in Oman
rial	n.	the basic unit of money in Iran
rib	n.	support resembling the rib of an animal
rib	n.	any of the 12 pairs of curved arches of bone extending from the spine to or toward the sternum in humans (and similar bones in most vertebrates)
rib	n.	cut of meat including one or more ribs
rib	n.	a teasing remark
rib	n.	a riblike supporting or strengthening part of an animal or plant
rib	n.	a projecting molding on the underside of a vault or ceiling; may be ornamental or structural
rib	v.	form vertical ribs by knitting
rib	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
ribald	n.	a ribald person; someone who uses vulgar and offensive language
ribald	adj.	humorously vulgar
ribaldry	n.	ribald humor
ribaldry	n.	behavior or language bordering on indelicacy
ribbed	v.	form vertical ribs by knitting
ribbed	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
ribbed	adj.	furnished or strengthened with ribs
ribbed	adj.	(of the surface) having a rough, riblike texture
ribbing	n.	a framework of ribs
ribbing	n.	the act of harassing someone playfully or maliciously (especially by ridicule); provoking someone with persistent annoyances
ribbing	v.	form vertical ribs by knitting
ribbing	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
ribbon	n.	any long object resembling a thin line
ribbon	n.	an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event
ribbon	n.	a long strip of inked material for making characters on paper with a typewriter
ribbon	n.	notion consisting of a narrow strip of fine material used for trimming
riboflavin	n.	a B vitamin that prevents skin lesions and weight loss
ricardo	n.	English economist who argued that the laws of supply and demand should operate in a free market (1772-1823)
rice	n.	grains used as food either unpolished or more often polished
rice	n.	annual or perennial rhizomatous marsh grasses; seed used for food; straw used for paper
rice	n.	English lyricist who frequently worked with Andrew Lloyd Webber (born in 1944)
rice	n.	United States playwright (1892-1967)
rice	v.	sieve so that it becomes the consistency of rice
ricer	n.	a kitchen utensil used for ricing soft foods by extruding them through small holes
rich	n.	people who have possessions and wealth (considered as a group)
rich	adj.	possessing material wealth
rich	adj.	having an abundant supply of desirable qualities or substances (especially natural resources)
rich	adj.	of great worth or quality
rich	adj.	marked by great fruitfulness
rich	adj.	strong; intense
rich	adj.	very productive
rich	adj.	high in mineral content; having a high proportion of fuel to air; ,
rich	adj.	suggestive of or characterized by great expense
rich	adj.	containing plenty of fat, or eggs, or sugar
rich	adj.	marked by richness and fullness of flavor
rich	adj.	pleasantly full and mellow
rich	adj.	affording an abundant supply
richards	n.	English literary critic who collaborated with C. K. Ogden and contributed to the development of Basic English (1893-1979)
richardson	n.	United States architect (1838-1886)
richardson	n.	British stage and screen actor noted for playing classic roles (1902-1983)
richelieu	n.	French prelate and statesman; principal minister to Louis XIII (1585-1642)
richmond	n.	capital of the state of Virginia located in the east central part of the state; was capital of the Confederacy during the American Civil War
richness	n.	the property of being extremely abundant
richness	n.	abundant wealth
richness	n.	the property of a sensation that is rich and pleasing
richness	n.	the quality of having high intrinsic value
richness	n.	the property of producing abundantly and sustaining vigorous and luxuriant growth
richness	n.	a strong deep vividness of hue
richness	n.	splendid or imposing in size or appearance
rick	n.	a painful muscle spasm especially in the neck or back (`rick' and `wrick' are British)
rick	n.	a stack of hay
rick	v.	pile in ricks
rick	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
rickenbacker	n.	the most decorated United States combat pilot in World War I (1890-1973)
rickets	n.	childhood disease caused by deficiency of vitamin D and sunlight associated with impaired metabolism of calcium and phosphorus
rickety	adj.	inclined to shake as from weakness or defect
rickety	adj.	affected with, suffering from, or characteristic of rickets
rickety	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
rickey	n.	a mixed drink made of sweetened lime juice and soda water usually with liquor
rickover	n.	United States admiral who advocated the development of nuclear submarines (1900-1986)
rickrack	n.	a narrow zigzag ribbon used as trimming
rickshaw	n.	a small two-wheeled cart for one passenger; pulled by one person
rico	n.	law intended to eradicate organized crime by establishing strong sanctions and forfeiture provisions
ricochet	n.	a glancing rebound
ricochet	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
ricotta	n.	soft Italian cheese like cottage cheese
rid	v.	relieve from
riddance	n.	the act of removing or getting rid of something
riddance	n.	the act of forcing out someone or something
ridden	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
ridden	v.	be carried or travel on or in a vehicle
ridden	v.	continue undisturbed and without interference
ridden	v.	move like a floating object
ridden	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
ridden	v.	be sustained or supported or borne
ridden	v.	have certain properties when driven
ridden	v.	be contingent on
ridden	v.	lie moored or anchored
ridden	v.	sit on and control a vehicle
ridden	v.	climb up on the body
ridden	v.	ride over, along, or through
ridden	v.	keep partially engaged by slightly depressing a pedal with the foot
ridden	v.	copulate with
ridding	v.	relieve from
riddle	n.	a difficult problem
riddle	n.	a coarse sieve (as for gravel)
riddle	v.	pierce with many holes
riddle	v.	set a difficult problem or riddle
riddle	v.	separate with a riddle, as grain from chaff
riddle	v.	spread or diffuse through
riddle	v.	speak in riddles
riddle	v.	explain a riddle
ride	n.	a journey in a vehicle (usually an automobile)
ride	n.	a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement
ride	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
ride	v.	be carried or travel on or in a vehicle
ride	v.	continue undisturbed and without interference
ride	v.	move like a floating object
ride	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
ride	v.	be sustained or supported or borne
ride	v.	have certain properties when driven
ride	v.	be contingent on
ride	v.	lie moored or anchored
ride	v.	sit on and control a vehicle
ride	v.	climb up on the body
ride	v.	ride over, along, or through
ride	v.	keep partially engaged by slightly depressing a pedal with the foot
ride	v.	copulate with
rider	n.	a traveler who actively rides an animal (as a horse or camel)
rider	n.	a clause that is appended to a legislative bill
rider	n.	a traveler who actively rides a vehicle (as a bicycle or motorcycle)
rider	n.	a traveler riding in a vehicle (a boat or bus or car or plane or train etc) who is not operating it
ridge	n.	a long narrow natural elevation or striation
ridge	n.	any long raised strip
ridge	n.	a long narrow natural elevation on the floor of the ocean
ridge	n.	a long narrow range of hills
ridge	n.	any long raised border or margin of a bone or tooth or membrane
ridge	n.	a beam laid along the edge where two sloping sides of a roof meet at the top; provides an attachment for the upper ends of rafters
ridge	v.	extend in ridges
ridge	v.	plough alternate strips by throwing the furrow onto an unploughed strip
ridge	v.	throw soil toward (a crop row) from both sides
ridge	v.	spade into alternate ridges and troughs
ridge	v.	form into a ridge
ridgepole	n.	a beam laid along the edge where two sloping sides of a roof meet at the top; provides an attachment for the upper ends of rafters
ridicule	n.	language or behavior intended to mock or humiliate
ridicule	n.	the act of deriding or treating with contempt
ridicule	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
ridiculous	adj.	inspiring scornful pity; - Dashiell Hammett
ridiculous	adj.	incongruous;inviting ridicule
ridiculous	adj.	broadly or extravagantly humorous; resembling farce
ridiculousness	n.	a message whose content is at variance with reason
riding	n.	the sport of siting on the back of a horse while controlling its movements
riding	n.	travel by being carried on horseback
riding	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
riding	v.	be carried or travel on or in a vehicle
riding	v.	continue undisturbed and without interference
riding	v.	move like a floating object
riding	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
riding	v.	be sustained or supported or borne
riding	v.	have certain properties when driven
riding	v.	be contingent on
riding	v.	lie moored or anchored
riding	v.	sit on and control a vehicle
riding	v.	climb up on the body
riding	v.	ride over, along, or through
riding	v.	keep partially engaged by slightly depressing a pedal with the foot
riding	v.	copulate with
riding	v.	relieve from
riel	n.	the basic unit of money in Cambodia; equal to 100 sen
riemann	n.	pioneer of non-Euclidean geometry (1826-1866)
riesling	n.	white grape grown in Europe and California
riesling	n.	fragrant dry or sweet white wine from the Rhine valley or a similar wine from California
rife	adj.	most frequent or common
rife	adj.	excessively abundant
riff	n.	a Berber living in northern Morocco
riff	n.	a jazz ostinato; usually provides a background for a solo improvisation
riff	v.	look through a book or other written material
riff	v.	play riffs
riffle	n.	a small wave on the surface of a liquid
riffle	n.	shuffling by splitting the pack and interweaving the two halves at their corners
riffle	v.	twitch or flutter
riffle	v.	look through a book or other written material
riffle	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
riffle	v.	shuffle (playing cards) by separating the deck into two parts and riffling with the thumbs so the cards intermix
riffraff	n.	disparaging terms for the common people
rifle	n.	a shoulder firearm with a long barrel and a rifled bore
rifle	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
rifle	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
rifleman	n.	someone skilled in the use of a rifle
rifleman	n.	a soldier whose weapon is a rifle
riflemen	n.	someone skilled in the use of a rifle
riflemen	n.	a soldier whose weapon is a rifle
rifling	n.	the cutting of spiral grooves on the inside of the barrel of a firearm
rifling	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
rifling	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
rift	n.	a gap between cloud masses
rift	n.	a narrow fissure in rock
rift	n.	a personal or social separation (as between opposing factions)
rig	n.	gear (including necessary machinery) for a particular enterprise
rig	n.	a truck consisting of a tractor and trailer together
rig	n.	formation of masts, spars, sails, etc., on a vessel
rig	n.	a set of clothing (with accessories)
rig	n.	gear used in fishing
rig	n.	a vehicle with wheels drawn by one or more horses
rig	n.	the act of swindling by some fraudulent scheme
rig	v.	arrange the outcome of by means of deceit
rig	v.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner
rig	v.	connect or secure to
rig	v.	equip with sails or masts
riga	n.	a port city on the Gulf of Riga that is the capital and largest city of Latvia; formerly a member of the Hanseatic League
rigatoni	n.	tubular pasta in short ribbed pieces
rigel	n.	the brightest star in Orion
rigged	v.	arrange the outcome of by means of deceit
rigged	v.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner
rigged	v.	connect or secure to
rigged	v.	equip with sails or masts
rigged	adj.	fitted or equipped with necessary rigging (sails and shrouds and stays etc)
rigger	n.	someone who rigs ships
rigger	n.	a long slender pointed sable brush used by artists
rigger	n.	someone who works on an oil rig
rigger	n.	a sailing vessel with a specified rig
rigging	n.	gear consisting of ropes etc. supporting a ship's masts and sails
rigging	n.	formation of masts, spars, sails, etc., on a vessel
rigging	v.	arrange the outcome of by means of deceit
rigging	v.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner
rigging	v.	connect or secure to
rigging	v.	equip with sails or masts
right	n.	an abstract idea of that which is due to a person or governmental body by law or tradition or nature; ; - Eleanor Roosevelt
right	n.	location near or direction toward the right side; i.e. the side to the south when a person or object faces east
right	n.	the piece of ground in the outfield on the catcher's right
right	n.	those who support political or social or economic conservatism; those who believe that things are better left unchanged
right	n.	the hand that is on the right side of the body
right	n.	a turn toward the side of the body that is on the south when the person is facing east
right	n.	anything in accord with principles of justice
right	n.	(frequently plural) the interest possessed by law or custom in some intangible thing
right	v.	make reparations or amends for
right	v.	put in or restore to an upright position
right	v.	regain an upright or proper position
right	v.	make right or correct
right	adj.	being or located on or directed toward the side of the body to the east when facing north
right	adj.	free from error; especially conforming to fact or truth
right	adj.	socially right or correct
right	adj.	in conformance with justice or law or morality
right	adj.	correct in opinion or judgment
right	adj.	appropriate for a condition or purpose or occasion or a person's character, needs
right	adj.	of or belonging to the political or intellectual right
right	adj.	in or into a satisfactory condition
right	adj.	intended for the right hand
right	adj.	in accord with accepted standards of usage or procedure
right	adj.	having the axis perpendicular to the base
right	adj.	(of the side of cloth or clothing) facing or intended to face outward
right	adj.	most suitable or right for a particular purpose
right	adj.	precisely accurate
right	adv.	precisely, exactly
right	adv.	immediately
right	adv.	exactly
right	adv.	toward or on the right; also used figuratively
right	adv.	in the right manner
right	adv.	an interjection expressing agreement
right	adv.	completely
right	adv.	(Southern regional intensive) very; to a great degree
right	adv.	in accordance with moral or social standards
right	adv.	in an accurate manner
righteous	adj.	characterized by or proceeding from accepted standards of morality or justice; - James 5:16
righteous	adj.	morally justified
righteously	adv.	in a righteous manner
righteousness	n.	adhering to moral principles
rightful	adj.	legally valid
rightful	adj.	having a legally established claim
rightfulness	n.	anything in accord with principles of justice
rightism	n.	the ideology of the political right; belief in or support of the tenets of the political right
rightist	n.	a member of a right wing political party
rightist	adj.	believing in or supporting tenets of the political right
rightmost	adj.	farthest to the right
rightness	n.	according with conscience or morality
rightness	n.	appropriate conduct; doing the right thing
rightness	n.	conformity to fact or truth
rightness	n.	conformity with some esthetic standard of correctness or propriety
rigid	adj.	incapable of or resistant to bending
rigid	adj.	incapable of compromise or flexibility
rigid	adj.	incapable of adapting or changing to meet circumstances
rigid	adj.	designating an airship or dirigible having a form maintained by a stiff unyielding frame or structure
rigid	adj.	fixed and unmoving; ; - Connor Cruise O'Brien
rigidity	n.	the physical property of being stiff and resisting bending
rigidity	n.	the quality of being rigid and rigorously severe
rigidness	n.	the physical property of being stiff and resisting bending
rigidness	n.	the quality of being rigid and rigorously severe
rigmarole	n.	a set of confused and meaningless statements
rigmarole	n.	a long and complicated and confusing procedure
rigor	n.	something hard to endure
rigor	n.	the quality of being valid and rigorous
rigor	n.	excessive sternness
rigorous	adj.	rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard
rigorous	adj.	demanding strict attention to rules and procedures
rigorousness	n.	something hard to endure
rigorousness	n.	excessive sternness
rile	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
rile	v.	make turbid by stirring up the sediments of
riley	n.	United States poet (1849-1916)
rilke	n.	German poet (born in Austria) whose imagery and mystic lyricism influenced 20th-century German literature (1875-1926)
rill	n.	a small stream
rill	n.	a small channel (as one formed by soil erosion)
rim	n.	the shape of a raised edge of a more or less circular object
rim	n.	(basketball) the hoop from which the net is suspended
rim	n.	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached
rim	n.	a projection used for strength or for attaching to another object
rim	n.	the top edge of a vessel or other container
rim	v.	run around the rim of
rim	v.	furnish with a rim
rim	v.	roll around the rim of
rimbaud	n.	French poet whose work influenced the surrealists (1854-1891)
rime	n.	ice crystals forming a white deposit (especially on objects outside)
rime	n.	correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds)
rime	v.	be similar in sound, especially with respect to the last syllable
rime	v.	compose rhymes
rimless	adj.	lacking a rim or frame
rimmed	v.	run around the rim of
rimmed	v.	furnish with a rim
rimmed	v.	roll around the rim of
rimmed	adj.	having a rim or a rim of a specified kind
rimming	v.	run around the rim of
rimming	v.	furnish with a rim
rimming	v.	roll around the rim of
rind	n.	the natural outer covering of food (usually removed before eating)
ring	n.	a characteristic sound
ring	n.	a toroidal shape
ring	n.	a rigid circular band of metal or wood or other material used for holding or fastening or hanging or pulling
ring	n.	(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop
ring	n.	an association of criminals
ring	n.	the sound of a bell ringing; ; ; --E. A. Poe
ring	n.	a platform usually marked off by ropes in which contestants box or wrestle
ring	n.	jewelry consisting of a circlet of precious metal (often set with jewels) worn on the finger
ring	n.	a strip of material attached to the leg of a bird to identify it (as in studies of bird migration)
ring	v.	sound loudly and sonorously
ring	v.	ring or echo with sound
ring	v.	make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification
ring	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
ring	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
ring	v.	attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify
ringer	n.	a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation)
ringer	n.	a person who is almost identical to another
ringer	n.	a contestant entered in a competition under false pretenses
ringer	n.	(horseshoes) the successful throw of a horseshoe or quoit so as to encircle a stake or peg
ringgit	n.	the basic unit of money in Malaysia; equal to 100 sen
ringleader	n.	a person who leads (especially in illicit activities)
ringlet	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
ringlet	n.	a strand or cluster of hair
ringlet	n.	a small ring
ringlet	n.	any of various butterflies belonging to the family Satyridae
ringlike	adj.	having the shape of a ring
ringling	n.	United States showman whose song-and-dance troop evolved into a circus (1863-1926)
ringmaster	n.	the person in charge of performances in a circus ring
ringside	n.	first row of seating; has an unobstructed view of a boxing or wrestling ring
ringworm	n.	infections of the skin or nails caused by fungi and appearing as itching circular patches
rink	n.	building that contains a surface for ice skating or roller skating
rinse	n.	a liquid preparation used on wet hair to give it a tint
rinse	n.	the removal of soap with clean water in the final stage of washing
rinse	n.	the act of giving a light tint to the hair
rinse	n.	washing lightly without soap
rinse	v.	wash off soap or remaining dirt
rinse	v.	clean with some chemical process
rinse	v.	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash
rio	n.	the former capital and 2nd largest city of Brazil; chief Brazilian port; famous as a tourist attraction
rios	n.	the former capital and 2nd largest city of Brazil; chief Brazilian port; famous as a tourist attraction
riot	n.	a public act of violence by an unruly mob
riot	n.	a state of disorder involving group violence
riot	n.	a joke that seems extremely funny
riot	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
riot	v.	take part in a riot; disturb the public peace by engaging in a riot
riot	v.	engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking
rioter	n.	troublemaker who participates in a violent disturbance of the peace; someone who rises up against the constituted authority
rioting	n.	a state of disorder involving group violence
rioting	v.	take part in a riot; disturb the public peace by engaging in a riot
rioting	v.	engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking
riotous	adj.	produced or growing in extreme abundance
riotous	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination
riotous	adj.	unrestrained by convention or morality
rip	n.	a dissolute man in fashionable society
rip	n.	an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart
rip	n.	a stretch of turbulent water in a river or the sea caused by one current flowing into or across another current
rip	n.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something
rip	v.	tear or be torn violently
rip	v.	move precipitously or violently
rip	v.	cut (wood) along the grain
rip	v.	criticize or abuse strongly and violently
riparian	adj.	of or relating to or located on the banks of a river or stream
ripcord	n.	a cord that is pulled to open the gasbag of a balloon wide enough to release gas and so causes the balloon to descend
ripcord	n.	a cord that is pulled to open a parachute from its pack during a descent
ripe	adj.	fully developed or matured and ready to be eaten or used
ripe	adj.	fully prepared or eager
ripe	adj.	most suitable or right for a particular purpose
ripe	adj.	at the highest point of development especially in judgment or knowledge
ripe	adj.	far along in time
ripen	v.	cause to ripen or develop fully
ripen	v.	grow ripe
ripened	v.	cause to ripen or develop fully
ripened	v.	grow ripe
ripened	adj.	of wines, fruit, cheeses; having reached a desired or final condition; (`aged' pronounced as one syllable)
ripeness	n.	the state of being ripe
riposte	n.	a quick reply to a question or remark (especially a witty or critical one)
riposte	n.	(fencing) a counterattack made immediately after successfully parrying the opponents lunge
riposte	v.	make a return thrust
riposte	v.	answer back
ripped	v.	tear or be torn violently
ripped	v.	move precipitously or violently
ripped	v.	cut (wood) along the grain
ripped	v.	criticize or abuse strongly and violently
ripper	n.	a murderer who slashes the victims with a knife
ripping	v.	tear or be torn violently
ripping	v.	move precipitously or violently
ripping	v.	cut (wood) along the grain
ripping	v.	criticize or abuse strongly and violently
ripping	adj.	resembling a sound of violent tearing as of something ripped apart or lightning splitting a tree
ripple	n.	a small wave on the surface of a liquid
ripple	n.	(electronics) an oscillation of small amplitude imposed on top of a steady value
ripple	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
ripple	v.	flow in an irregular current with a bubbling noise
ripsaw	n.	a handsaw for cutting with the grain of the wood
riptide	n.	a stretch of turbulent water in a river or the sea caused by one current flowing into or across another current
riptide	n.	a strong surface current flowing outwards from a shore
risc	n.	(computer science) a kind of computer architecture that has a relatively small set of computer instructions that it can perform
rise	n.	a growth in strength or number or importance
rise	n.	the act of changing location in an upward direction
rise	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
rise	n.	a movement upward
rise	n.	the amount a salary is increased
rise	n.	the property possessed by a slope or surface that rises
rise	n.	a wave that lifts the surface of the water or ground
rise	n.	(theology) the origination of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost
rise	n.	an increase in cost
rise	n.	increase in price or value
rise	v.	move upward
rise	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
rise	v.	rise to one's feet
rise	v.	rise up
rise	v.	come to the surface
rise	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
rise	v.	move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
rise	v.	go up or advance
rise	v.	become more extreme
rise	v.	get up and out of bed
rise	v.	rise in rank or status
rise	v.	become heartened or elated
rise	v.	exert oneself to meet a challenge
rise	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
rise	v.	increase in volume
rise	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
rise	v.	return from the dead
risen	v.	move upward
risen	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
risen	v.	rise to one's feet
risen	v.	rise up
risen	v.	come to the surface
risen	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
risen	v.	move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
risen	v.	go up or advance
risen	v.	become more extreme
risen	v.	get up and out of bed
risen	v.	rise in rank or status
risen	v.	become heartened or elated
risen	v.	exert oneself to meet a challenge
risen	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
risen	v.	increase in volume
risen	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
risen	v.	return from the dead
risen	adj.	(of e.g. celestial bodies) above the horizon
riser	n.	a person who rises (especially from bed)
riser	n.	a vertical pipe in a building
riser	n.	structural member consisting of the vertical part of a stair or step
risibility	n.	a disposition to laugh
risible	adj.	arousing or provoking laughter
rising	n.	a movement upward
rising	n.	organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
rising	v.	move upward
rising	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
rising	v.	rise to one's feet
rising	v.	rise up
rising	v.	come to the surface
rising	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
rising	v.	move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
rising	v.	go up or advance
rising	v.	become more extreme
rising	v.	get up and out of bed
rising	v.	rise in rank or status
rising	v.	become heartened or elated
rising	v.	exert oneself to meet a challenge
rising	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
rising	v.	increase in volume
rising	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
rising	v.	return from the dead
rising	adj.	advancing or becoming higher or greater in degree or value or status
rising	adj.	sloping upward
rising	adj.	coming to maturity
rising	adj.	newly come into prominence
risk	n.	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
risk	n.	a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury
risk	n.	the probability of becoming infected given that exposure to an infectious agent has occurred
risk	n.	the probability of being exposed to an infectious agent
risk	v.	expose to a chance of loss or damage
risk	v.	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome
riskily	adv.	in a dangerously risky manner
riskiness	n.	a state of danger involving risk
risky	adj.	involving risk or danger
risky	adj.	not financially safe or secure
risotto	n.	rice cooked with broth and sprinkled with grated cheese
risque	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
rissole	n.	minced cooked meat or fish coated in egg and breadcrumbs and fried in deep fat
ritalin	n.	central nervous system stimulant (trade name Ritalin) used in the treatment of narcolepsy in adults and attention deficit disorder in children
rite	n.	an established ceremony prescribed by a religion
rite	n.	any customary observance or practice
ritual	n.	any customary observance or practice
ritual	n.	the prescribed procedure for conducting religious ceremonies
ritual	n.	stereotyped behavior
ritual	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of religious rituals
ritual	adj.	of or relating to or employed in social rites or rituals; ; - Nadine Gordimer
ritualism	n.	the study of religious or magical rites and ceremonies
ritualism	n.	exaggerated emphasis on the importance of rites or ritualistic forms in worship
ritualistic	adj.	of or characterized by or adhering to ritualism
ritualized	v.	make or evolve into a ritual
ritz	n.	Swiss hotelier who created a chain of elegant hotels (1850-1918)
ritz	n.	ostentatious display of elegance
ritz	n.	an ostentatiously elegant hotel
ritzy	adj.	luxuriously elegant
rival	n.	the contestant you hope to defeat
rival	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
rival	v.	be the rival of, be in competition with
rivaled	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
rivaled	v.	be the rival of, be in competition with
rivalry	n.	the act of competing as for profit or a prize
rive	v.	tear or be torn violently
rive	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
river	n.	a large natural stream of water (larger than a creek)
rivera	n.	socialist Mexican painter of murals (1886-1957)
riverbank	n.	the bank of a river
riverbed	n.	a channel occupied (or formerly occupied) by a river
rivers	n.	a large natural stream of water (larger than a creek)
riverside	n.	the bank of a river
riverside	n.	a city in southern California
rivet	n.	ornament consisting of a circular rounded protuberance (as on a vault or shield or belt)
rivet	n.	heavy pin having a head at one end and the other end being hammered flat after being passed through holes in the pieces that are fastened together
rivet	v.	direct one's attention on something
rivet	v.	fasten with a rivet or rivets
rivet	v.	hold (someone's attention)
riveter	n.	a worker who inserts and hammers rivets
riveter	n.	a machine for driving rivets
riviera	n.	a coastal area between La Spezia in Italy and Cannes in France
rivulet	n.	a small stream
riyadh	n.	joint capital (with Mecca) of Saudi Arabia located in the central oasis; largest city in Saudi Arabia
riyal	n.	the basic unit of money in Saudi Arabia
riyal	n.	the basic unit of money in Qatar
rn	n.	a radioactive gaseous element formed by the disintegration of radium; the heaviest of the inert gasses; occurs naturally (especially in areas over granite) and is considered a hazard to health
rn	n.	a graduate nurse who has passed examinations for registration
rna	n.	(biochemistry) a long linear polymer of nucleotides found in the nucleus but mainly in the cytoplasm of a cell where it is associated with microsomes; it transmits genetic information from DNA to the cytoplasm and controls certain chemical processes in the cell
roach	n.	a roll of hair brushed back from the forehead
roach	n.	the butt of a marijuana cigarette
roach	n.	street names for flunitrazepan
roach	n.	any of numerous chiefly nocturnal insects; some are domestic pests
roach	n.	European freshwater food fish having a greenish back
roach	v.	comb (hair) into a roach
roach	v.	cut the mane off (a horse)
road	n.	an open way (generally public) for travel or transportation
road	n.	a way or means to achieve something
roadbed	n.	a bed supporting a road
roadblock	n.	any condition that makes it difficult to make progress or to achieve an objective
roadblock	n.	a barrier set up by police to stop traffic on a street or road in order to catch a fugitive or inspect traffic etc.
roadhouse	n.	an inn (usually outside city limits on a main road) providing meals and liquor and dancing and (sometimes) gambling
roadkill	n.	the dead body of an animal that has been killed on a road by a vehicle
roadrunner	n.	speedy largely terrestrial bird found from California and Mexico to Texas
roadside	n.	edge of a way or road or path
roadster	n.	an open automobile having a front seat and a rumble seat
roadster	n.	a small lightweight carriage; drawn by a single horse
roadway	n.	a road (especially that part of a road) over which vehicles travel
roam	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
roamer	n.	someone who leads a wandering unsettled life
roaming	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
roan	n.	a soft sheepskin leather that is colored and finished to resemble morocco; used in bookbinding
roan	n.	a horse having a brownish coat thickly sprinkled with white or gray
roan	adj.	(used of especially horses) having a brownish coat thickly sprinkled with white or grey
roanoke	n.	a city in southwestern Virginia
roar	n.	a deep prolonged loud noise
roar	n.	a very loud utterance (like the sound of an animal)
roar	n.	the sound made by a lion
roar	v.	make a loud noise, as of wind, water, or vehicles
roar	v.	utter words loudly and forcefully
roar	v.	emit long loud cries
roar	v.	act or proceed in a riotous, turbulent, or disorderly way; -R.A.Billington
roar	v.	make a loud noise, as of animal
roar	v.	laugh unrestrainedly and heartily
roarer	n.	someone who communicates vocally in a very loud voice
roaring	n.	a deep prolonged loud noise
roaring	n.	a very loud utterance (like the sound of an animal)
roaring	v.	make a loud noise, as of wind, water, or vehicles
roaring	v.	utter words loudly and forcefully
roaring	v.	emit long loud cries
roaring	v.	act or proceed in a riotous, turbulent, or disorderly way; -R.A.Billington
roaring	v.	make a loud noise, as of animal
roaring	v.	laugh unrestrainedly and heartily
roaring	adj.	very lively and profitable
roaring	adv.	extremely
roast	n.	a piece of meat roasted or for roasting and of a size for slicing into more than one portion
roast	n.	negative criticism
roast	v.	cook with dry heat, usually in an oven
roast	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
roast	adj.	(meat) cooked by dry heat in an oven
roaster	n.	a harsh or humorous critic (sometimes intended as a facetious compliment)
roaster	n.	a cook who roasts food
roaster	n.	flesh of a large young chicken over 3 1/2 lb suitable for roasting
roaster	n.	a special cooking pan for roasting
roasting	n.	cooking (meat) by dry heat in an oven (usually with fat added)
roasting	v.	cook with dry heat, usually in an oven
roasting	v.	subject to laughter or ridicule
rob	v.	take something away by force or without the consent of the owner
rob	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
robbed	v.	take something away by force or without the consent of the owner
robbed	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
robber	n.	a thief who steals from someone by threatening violence
robbery	n.	larceny by threat of violence
robbery	n.	plundering during riots or in wartime
robbing	v.	take something away by force or without the consent of the owner
robbing	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
robbins	n.	United States choreographer who brought human emotion to classical ballet and spirited reality to Broadway musicals (1918-1998)
robe	n.	any loose flowing garment
robe	n.	outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions
robe	v.	clothe formally; especially in ecclesiastical robes
robe	v.	cover as if with clothing
robert	n.	United States parliamentary authority and author (in 1876) of Robert's Rules of Order (1837-1923)
roberts	n.	United States biochemist (born in England) honored for his discovery that some genes contain introns (born in 1943)
roberts	n.	United States evangelist (born 1918)
roberts	n.	United States writer remembered for his historical novels about colonial America (1885-1957)
roberts	n.	a Welsh pirate credited with having taken more than 400 ships (1682-1722)
roberts	n.	United States parliamentary authority and author (in 1876) of Robert's Rules of Order (1837-1923)
robertson	n.	United States basketball guard (born in 1938)
robeson	n.	United States bass singer and an outspoken critic of racism and proponent of socialism (1898-1976)
robespierre	n.	French revolutionary; leader of the Jacobins and architect of the Reign of Terror; was himself executed in a coup d'etat (1758-1794)
robin	n.	small Old World songbird with a reddish breast
robin	n.	large American thrush having a rust-red breast and abdomen
robinson	n.	English chemist noted for his studies of molecular structures in plants (1886-1975)
robinson	n.	United States prizefighter who won the world middleweight championship five times and the world welterweight championship once (1921-1989)
robinson	n.	Irish playwright and theater manager in Dublin (1886-1958)
robinson	n.	United States historian who stressed the importance of intellectual and social events for the course of history (1863-1936)
robinson	n.	United States baseball player; first Black to play in the major leagues (1919-1972)
robinson	n.	United States poet; author of narrative verse (1869-1935)
robinson	n.	United States film actor noted for playing gangster roles (1893-1973)
robitussin	n.	trade name of an expectorant that loosens phlegm and makes it easier to cough up
robles	n.	large tree of Trinidad and Guyana having odd-pinnate leaves and violet-scented axillary racemes of yellow flowers and long smooth pods; grown as a specimen in parks and large gardens
robles	n.	tall graceful deciduous California oak having leathery leaves and slender pointed acorns
robot	n.	a mechanism that can move automatically
robotic	adj.	of or relating to mechanical robots
robotic	adj.	resembling the unthinking functioning of a machine
robotics	n.	the area of AI concerned with the practical use of robots
robust	adj.	sturdy and strong in form, constitution, or construction
robust	adj.	marked by richness and fullness of flavor
robust	adj.	strong enough to withstand or overcome intellectual challenges or adversity
robust	adj.	rough and crude
robustness	n.	the property of being strong and healthy in constitution
robustness	n.	the characteristic of being strong enough to withstand intellectual challenge
rochambeau	n.	French general who commanded French troops in the American Revolution, notably at Yorktown (1725-1807)
rochester	n.	a city in western New York; a center of the photographic equipment industry
rochester	n.	a town in southeast Minnesota
rock	n.	a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter
rock	n.	material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust
rock	n.	United States gynecologist and devout Catholic who conducted the first clinical trials of the oral contraceptive pill (1890-1984)
rock	n.	(figurative) someone who is strong and stable and dependable; ; --Gospel According to Matthew
rock	n.	hard bright-colored stick candy (typically flavored with peppermint)
rock	n.	a genre of popular music originating in the 1950s; a blend of black rhythm-and-blues with white country-and-western
rock	n.	pitching dangerously to one side
rock	v.	move back and forth or sideways
rock	v.	cause to move back and forth
rockabilly	n.	a fusion of black music and country music that was popular in the 1950s; sometimes described as blues with a country beat
rockbound	adj.	abounding in or bordered by rocky cliffs or scarps
rockefeller	n.	United States industrialist who made a fortune in the oil business and gave half of it away (1839-1937)
rocker	n.	an attendant who rocks a child in a cradle
rocker	n.	a performer or composer or fan of rock music
rocker	n.	a teenager or young adult in the 1960s who wore leather jackets and rode motorcycles
rocker	n.	a chair mounted on rockers
rocker	n.	a trough that can be rocked back and forth; used by gold miners to shake auriferous earth in water in order to separate the gold
rocker	n.	an ice skate with a curved blade
rocker	n.	a curved support that permits the supported object to rock to and fro
rockery	n.	a garden featuring rocks; usually alpine plants
rocket	n.	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine
rocket	n.	a jet engine containing its own propellant and driven by reaction propulsion
rocket	n.	erect European annual often grown as a salad crop to be harvested when young and tender
rocket	n.	propels bright light high in the sky, or used to propel a lifesaving line or harpoon
rocket	n.	sends a firework display high into the sky
rocket	v.	shoot up abruptly, like a rocket
rocket	v.	propel with a rocket
rocketry	n.	the branch of engineering science that studies rocket design and operation
rockford	n.	a city in northern Illinois
rockies	n.	the chief mountain range of western North America; extends from British Columbia to northern New Mexico; forms the continental divide
rockiness	n.	the quality of abounding in rocks and stones
rockwell	n.	United States illustrator whose works present a sentimental idealized view of everyday life (1894-1978)
rocky	adj.	abounding in rocks or stones
rocky	adj.	causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements
rocky	adj.	liable to rock
rocky	adj.	full of hardship or trials
rococo	n.	fanciful but graceful asymmetric ornamentation in art and architecture that originated in France in the 18th century
rococo	adj.	having excessive asymmetrical ornamentation
rod	n.	a long thin implement made of metal or wood
rod	n.	any rod-shaped bacterium
rod	n.	a linear measure of 16.5 feet
rod	n.	a square rod of land
rod	n.	a visual receptor cell that is sensitive to dim light
rod	n.	a gangster's pistol
rode	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
rode	v.	be carried or travel on or in a vehicle
rode	v.	continue undisturbed and without interference
rode	v.	move like a floating object
rode	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
rode	v.	be sustained or supported or borne
rode	v.	have certain properties when driven
rode	v.	be contingent on
rode	v.	lie moored or anchored
rode	v.	sit on and control a vehicle
rode	v.	climb up on the body
rode	v.	ride over, along, or through
rode	v.	keep partially engaged by slightly depressing a pedal with the foot
rode	v.	copulate with
rodent	n.	relatively small placental mammals having a single pair of constantly growing incisor teeth specialized for gnawing
rodeo	n.	an exhibition of cowboy skills
rodeo	n.	an enclosure for cattle that have been rounded up
rodgers	n.	United States composer of musical comedies (especially in collaboration with Oscar Hammerstein II and with Lorenz Hart) (1902-1979)
rodin	n.	French sculptor noted for his renderings of the human form (1840-1917)
roe	n.	fish eggs or egg-filled ovary; having a grainy texture
roe	n.	eggs of female fish
roe	n.	the egg mass or spawn of certain crustaceans such as the lobster
roe	n.	the eggs or egg-laden ovary of a fish
roebuck	n.	male roe deer
roentgen	n.	a unit of radiation exposure; the dose of ionizing radiation that will produce 1 electrostatic unit of electricity in 1 cc of dry air
roentgen	n.	German physicist who discovered x-rays and developed roentgenography (1845-1923)
rogers	n.	United States humorist remembered for his homespun commentary on politics and American society (1879-1935)
rogers	n.	United States dancer and film actress who partnered with Fred Astaire (1911-1995)
rogers	n.	United States psychologist who developed client-centered therapy (1902-1987)
roget	n.	English physician who in retirement compiled a well-known thesaurus (1779-1869)
rogue	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
roguery	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
roguish	adj.	playful in an appealingly bold way
roguish	adj.	lacking principles or scruples; ;  - W.M. Thackaray
roguishness	n.	the trait of indulging in disreputable pranks
roguishness	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
roil	v.	be agitated
roil	v.	make turbid by stirring up the sediments of
roister	v.	engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking
roisterer	n.	an especially noisy and unrestrained merrymaker
rolaids	n.	an antacid
role	n.	the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a person or group
role	n.	an actor's portrayal of someone in a play
role	n.	what something is used for
role	n.	normal or customary activity of a person in a particular social setting
roll	n.	rotary motion of an object around its own axis
roll	n.	a list of names
roll	n.	a long heavy sea wave as it advances towards the shore
roll	n.	photographic film rolled up inside a container to protect it from light
roll	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
roll	n.	a roll of currency notes (often taken as the resources of a person or business etc.)
roll	n.	small rounded bread either plain or sweet
roll	n.	a deep prolonged sound (as of thunder or large bells)
roll	n.	the sound of a drum (especially a snare drum) beaten rapidly and continuously
roll	n.	a document that can be rolled up (as for storage)
roll	n.	anything rolled up in cylindrical form
roll	n.	the act of throwing dice
roll	n.	walking with a swaying gait
roll	n.	a flight maneuver; aircraft rotates about its longitudinal axis without changing direction or losing altitude
roll	n.	the act of rolling something (as the ball in bowling)
roll	v.	move by turning over or rotating
roll	v.	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle
roll	v.	occur in soft rounded shapes
roll	v.	flatten or spread with a roller
roll	v.	emit, produce, or utter with a deep prolonged reverberating sound
roll	v.	arrange or or coil around
roll	v.	begin operating or running
roll	v.	shape by rolling
roll	v.	execute a roll, in tumbling
roll	v.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity
roll	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
roll	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
roll	v.	move, rock, or sway from side to side
roll	v.	cause to move by turning over or in a circular manner of as if on an axis
roll	v.	pronounce with a roll, of the phoneme /r/
roll	v.	boil vigorously
roll	v.	take the shape of a roll or cylinder
roll	v.	show certain properties when being rolled
rollback	n.	the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw
rollback	n.	reducing prices back to some earlier level
roller	n.	a grounder that rolls along the infield
roller	n.	a long heavy sea wave as it advances towards the shore
roller	n.	a small wheel without spokes (as on a roller skate)
roller	n.	a cylinder that revolves
roller	n.	a mechanical device consisting of a cylindrical tube around which the hair is wound to curl it
roller	n.	Old World bird that tumbles or rolls in flight; related to kingfishers
roller	n.	pigeon that executes backward somersaults in flight or on the ground
rollerblade	n.	(trademark) an in-line skate
rollerblade	v.	travel on shoes with a single line of rubber wheels attached to their soles
rollerblading	n.	skating using Rollerblades
rollerblading	v.	travel on shoes with a single line of rubber wheels attached to their soles
rollick	v.	play boisterously
rollicking	v.	play boisterously
rollicking	adj.	given to merry frolicking
rollover	n.	the act of changing the institution that invests your pension plan without incurring a tax penalty
rolodex	n.	(trademark) a desktop rotary card index with removable cards; usually used for names, addresses, and telephone numbers
rom	n.	(computer science) memory whose contents can be accessed and read but cannot be changed
romaine	n.	lettuce with long dark-green leaves in a loosely packed elongated head
roman	n.	a resident of modern Rome
roman	n.	an inhabitant of the ancient Roman Empire
roman	n.	a typeface used in ancient Roman inscriptions
roman	adj.	relating to or characteristic of people of Rome
roman	adj.	of or relating to or derived from Rome (especially ancient Rome)
roman	adj.	characteristic of the modern type that most directly represents the type used in ancient Roman inscriptions
roman	adj.	of or relating to or supporting Romanism
romance	n.	a relationship between two lovers
romance	n.	an exciting and mysterious quality (as of a heroic time or adventure)
romance	n.	the group of languages derived from Latin
romance	n.	a story dealing with love
romance	n.	a novel dealing with idealized events remote from everyday life
romance	v.	make amorous advances towards
romance	v.	have a love affair with
romance	v.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions
romance	v.	tell romantic or exaggerated lies
romance	adj.	relating to languages derived from Latin
romancer	adj.	relating to languages derived from Latin
romanesque	n.	a style of architecture developed in Italy and western Europe between the Roman and the Gothic styles after 1000 AD; characterized by round arches and vaults and by the substitution of piers for columns and profuse ornament and arcades
romania	n.	a republic in southeastern Europe with a short coastline on the Black Sea
romanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Romania
romanian	n.	an eastern Romance language spoken in Romania
romanian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the country of Romania or its people or languages
romanov	n.	a member of the imperial family that ruled Russia
romanov	n.	the Russian imperial line that ruled from 1613 to 1917
romans	n.	a New Testament book containing an exposition of the doctrines of Saint Paul; written in AD 58
romans	n.	a resident of modern Rome
romans	n.	an inhabitant of the ancient Roman Empire
romans	n.	a typeface used in ancient Roman inscriptions
romansh	n.	the Rhaeto-Romance language spoken in southeastern Switzerland; it is an official language of Switzerland
romansh	adj.	of or relating to the Romansh language
romantic	n.	a soulful or amorous idealist
romantic	n.	an artist of the Romantic Movement or someone influenced by Romanticism
romantic	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of Romanticism or the Romantic Movement in the arts
romantic	adj.	expressive of or exciting sexual love or romance
romantic	adj.	not sensible about practical matters; idealistic and unrealistic
romantically	adv.	in a romantic manner
romanticism	n.	impractical romantic ideals and attitudes
romanticism	n.	a movement in literature and art during the late 18th and early 19th centuries that celebrated nature rather than civilization
romanticism	n.	an exciting and mysterious quality (as of a heroic time or adventure)
romanticist	n.	someone who indulges in excessive sentimentality
romanticist	n.	an artist of the Romantic Movement or someone influenced by Romanticism
romanticist	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of Romanticism or the Romantic Movement in the arts
romanticize	v.	interpret romantically
romanticize	v.	make romantic in style
romanticize	v.	act in a romantic way
romany	n.	a member of a people with dark skin and hair who speak Romany and who traditionally live by seasonal work and fortunetelling; they are believed to have originated in northern India but now are living on all continents (but mostly in Europe, North Africa, and North America)
romany	n.	the Indic language of the Gypsies
romany	adj.	of or relating to the Gypsies or their language or culture
rome	n.	capital and largest city of Italy; on the Tiber; seat of the Roman Catholic Church; formerly the capital of the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire
rome	n.	the leadership of the Roman Catholic Church
romeo	n.	an ardent male lover
rommel	n.	German field marshal noted for brilliant generalship in North Africa during World War II (1891-1944)
romp	n.	an easy victory
romp	n.	a girl who behaves in a boyish manner
romp	n.	gay or light-hearted recreational activity for diversion or amusement
romp	v.	play boisterously
romp	v.	run easily and fairly fast
romp	v.	win easily
romper	n.	a person who romps or frolics
romper	n.	a one-piece garment for children to wear at play; the lower part is shaped like bloomers
romulus	n.	(Roman mythology) founder of Rome; suckled with his twin brother Remus by a wolf after their parents (Mars and Rhea Silvia) abandoned them; Romulus killed Remus in an argument over the building of Rome
ron	n.	a Chadic language spoken in northern Nigeria
rondo	n.	a musical form that is often the last movement of a sonata
rontgen	n.	German physicist who discovered x-rays and developed roentgenography (1845-1923)
rood	n.	representation of the cross on which Jesus died
roof	n.	a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building
roof	n.	protective covering on top of a motor vehicle
roof	n.	the inner top surface of a covered area or hollow space
roof	n.	an upper limit on what is allowed
roof	v.	provide a building with a roof; cover a building with a roof
roofer	n.	a craftsman who lays or repairs roofs
roofing	n.	material used to construct a roof
roofing	n.	the craft of a roofer
roofing	v.	provide a building with a roof; cover a building with a roof
roofless	adj.	not having a roof
roofless	adj.	physically or spiritually homeless or deprived of security; - James Stern
rooftop	n.	the top of a (usually flat) roof
rook	n.	(chess) the piece that can move any number of unoccupied squares in a direction parallel to the sides of the chessboard
rook	n.	common gregarious Old World bird about the size and color of the American crow
rook	v.	deprive of by deceit
rookery	n.	a breeding ground for gregarious birds (such as rooks)
rookie	n.	an awkward and inexperienced youth
room	n.	an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling
room	n.	space for movement
room	n.	opportunity for
room	n.	the people who are present in a room
room	v.	live and take one's meals at or in
roomer	n.	a tenant in someone's house
roomette	n.	a small private compartment for one on a sleeping car
roomful	n.	the quantity a room will hold
roominess	n.	intellectual breadth
roominess	n.	spatial largeness and extensiveness (especially inside a building)
roommate	n.	an associate who shares a room with you
roomy	n.	an associate who shares a room with you
roomy	adj.	(of buildings and rooms) having ample space
roosevelt	n.	32nd President of the United States; elected four times; instituted New Deal to counter the Great Depression and led country during World War II (1882-1945)
roosevelt	n.	wife of Franklin Roosevelt and a strong advocate of human rights (1884-1962)
roosevelt	n.	26th President of the United States; hero of the Spanish-American War; Panama Canal was built during his administration;  (1858-1919)
roost	n.	a shelter with perches for fowl or other birds
roost	n.	a perch on which domestic fowl rest or sleep
roost	v.	sit, as on a branch
roost	v.	settle down or stay, as if on a roost
rooster	n.	adult male chicken
root	n.	(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground
root	n.	the place where something begins, where it springs into being
root	n.	(linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed
root	n.	a number that, when multiplied by itself some number of times, equals a given number
root	n.	the set of values that give a true statement when substituted into an equation
root	n.	someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandparent)
root	n.	a simple form inferred as the common basis from which related words in several languages can be derived by linguistic processes
root	n.	the part of a tooth that is embedded in the jaw and serves as support
root	v.	take root and begin to grow
root	v.	come into existence, originate
root	v.	plant by the roots
root	v.	dig with the snout
root	v.	become settled or established and stable in one's residence or life style
root	v.	cause to take roots
rooter	n.	an enthusiastic devotee of sports
rootless	adj.	wandering aimlessly without ties to a place or community
rootlet	n.	small root or division of a root
rope	n.	a strong line
rope	n.	street names for flunitrazepan
rope	v.	catch with a lasso
rope	v.	fasten with a rope
roper	n.	a decoy who lures customers into a gambling establishment (especially one with a fixed game)
roper	n.	a cowboy who uses a lasso to rope cattle or horses
roper	n.	a craftsman who makes ropes
ropy	adj.	of or resembling rope (or ropes) in being long and strong
ropy	adj.	forming viscous or glutinous threads
ropy	adj.	(British informal) very poor in quality
roquefort	n.	French blue cheese
rorschach	n.	a projective tests using bilaterally symmetrical inkblots; subjects state what they see in the inkblot
rosa	n.	large genus of erect or climbing prickly shrubs including roses
rosales	n.	in some classifications this category does not include Leguminosae
rosario	n.	a port city on the Parana River in eastern central Argentina
rosary	n.	a string of beads used in counting prayers (especially by Catholics)
rose	n.	any of many shrubs of the genus Rosa that bear roses
rose	n.	pinkish table wine from red grapes whose skins were removed after fermentation began
rose	n.	a dusty pink color
rose	v.	move upward
rose	v.	increase in value or to a higher point
rose	v.	rise to one's feet
rose	v.	rise up
rose	v.	come to the surface
rose	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
rose	v.	move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great
rose	v.	go up or advance
rose	v.	become more extreme
rose	v.	get up and out of bed
rose	v.	rise in rank or status
rose	v.	become heartened or elated
rose	v.	exert oneself to meet a challenge
rose	v.	take part in a rebellion; renounce a former allegiance
rose	v.	increase in volume
rose	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
rose	v.	return from the dead
rose	adj.	of something having a dusty purplish pink color
roseate	adj.	of something having a dusty purplish pink color
roseau	n.	the capital and largest city of Dominica
rosebud	n.	the bud of a rose
rosebud	n.	(a literary reference to) a pretty young girl
rosebush	n.	any of many shrubs of the genus Rosa that bear roses
rosemary	n.	widely cultivated for its fragrant grey-green leaves used in cooking and in perfumery
rosemary	n.	extremely pungent leaves used fresh or dried as seasoning for especially meats
rosette	n.	an ornament or pattern resembling a rose that is worn as a badge of office or as recognition of having won an honor
rosette	n.	rhizoctinia disease of potatoes
rosette	n.	a cluster of leaves growing in crowded circles from a common center or crown (usually at or close to the ground)
rosette	n.	circular window filled with tracery
rosewood	n.	hard dark reddish wood of a rosewood tree having a strongly marked grain; used in cabinetwork
rosewood	n.	any of those hardwood trees of the genus Dalbergia that yield rosewood--valuable cabinet woods of a dark red or purplish color streaked and variegated with black
rosicrucian	n.	a member of any of various organizations that subsequently derived from the 17th-century society
rosicrucian	n.	a member of a secret 17th-century society of philosophers and scholars versed in mystical and metaphysical and alchemical lore
rosicrucian	adj.	of or relating to the Rosicrucians
rosin	n.	any of a class of solid or semisolid viscous substances obtained either as exudations from certain plants or prepared by polymerization of simple molecules
rosin	v.	rub rosin onto
rosiness	n.	a rosy color (especially in the cheeks) taken as a sign of good health
rosiness	n.	a healthy reddish complexion
rosiness	n.	a dusty pink color
ross	n.	Scottish explorer who led Arctic expeditions that yielded geographic discoveries while searching for the Northwest Passage (1777-1856)
ross	n.	British explorer of the Arctic and Antarctic; located the north magnetic pole in 1831; discovered the Ross Sea in Antarctica; nephew of Sir John Ross (1800-1862)
ross	n.	British physician who discovered that mosquitos transmit malaria (1857-1932)
ross	n.	a politician in Wyoming who was the first woman governor in the United States (1876-1977)
ross	n.	American seamstress said to have made the first American flag at the request of George Washington (1752-1836)
rossetti	n.	English poet and painter who was a leader of the Pre-Raphaelites (1828-1882)
rossini	n.	Italian composer remembered for his operas (1792-1868)
rostand	n.	French dramatist and poet whose play immortalized Cyrano de Bergerac (1868-1918)
roster	n.	a list of names
rostov	n.	a seaport on the Don River near the Sea of Azov in the European part of Russia
rostrum	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
rostrum	n.	beaklike projection of the anterior part of the head of certain insects such as e.g. weevils
roswell	n.	a town in southeast New Mexico
rosy	adj.	reflecting optimism
rosy	adj.	having the pinkish flush of health
rosy	adj.	of blush color
rosy	adj.	presaging good fortune
rot	n.	a state of decay usually accompanied by an offensive odor
rot	n.	(biology) the process of decay caused by bacterial or fungal action
rot	n.	unacceptable behavior (especially ludicrously false statements)
rot	v.	break down
rot	v.	become physically weaker
rota	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) the supreme ecclesiastical tribunal for cases appealed to the Holy See from diocesan courts
rota	n.	a roster of names showing the order in which people should perform certain duties
rotarian	n.	a member of a Rotary Club
rotary	n.	a road junction at which traffic streams circularly around a central island
rotary	n.	electrical converter consisting of a synchronous machine that converts alternating to direct current or vice versa
rotary	adj.	relating to or characterized by rotation
rotary	adj.	describing a circle; moving in a circle
rotate	v.	turn on or around an axis or a center
rotate	v.	exchange on a regular basis
rotate	v.	perform a job or duty on a rotating basis
rotate	v.	cause to turn on an axis or center
rotate	v.	turn outward
rotate	v.	plant or grow in a fixed cyclic order of succession
rotation	n.	the act of rotating as if on an axis
rotation	n.	(mathematics) a transformation in which the coordinate axes are rotated by a fixed angle about the origin
rotation	n.	a single complete turn (axial or orbital)
rotation	n.	a planned recurrent sequence (of crops or personnel etc.)
rotational	adj.	of or pertaining to rotation
rotatory	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic or causing an axial or orbital turn
rotc	n.	a training program to prepare college students to be commissioned officers
rote	n.	memorization by repetition
rotgut	n.	any alcoholic beverage of inferior quality
roth	n.	United States writer whose novels portray middle-class Jewish life (born in 1933)
rothko	n.	United States abstract painter (born in Russia) whose paintings are characterized by horizontal bands of color with indistinct boundaries (1903-1970)
rothschild	n.	any of family of powerful Jewish bankers in Europe
rotisserie	n.	an oven or broiler equipped with a rotating spit on which meat cooks as it turns
rotisserie	n.	a restaurant that specializes in roasted and barbecued meats
rotogravure	n.	printing by transferring an image from a photogravure plate to a cylinder in a rotary press
rotogravure	n.	printed material (text and pictures) produced by an intaglio printing process in a rotary press
rotogravure	n.	using photography to produce a plate for printing
rotor	n.	the rotating armature of a motor or generator
rotor	n.	the revolving bar of a distributor
rotor	n.	rotating mechanism consisting of an assembly of rotating airfoils
rotted	v.	break down
rotted	v.	become physically weaker
rotted	adj.	damaged by decay; hence unsound and useless
rotten	adj.	very bad
rotten	adj.	damaged by decay; hence unsound and useless
rotten	adj.	having decayed or disintegrated; usually implies foulness
rottenness	n.	in a state of progressive putrefaction
rottenness	n.	the quality of rotting and becoming putrid
rotter	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
rotterdam	n.	the 2nd largest city in the Netherlands; located in the western Netherlands near the North Sea
rotting	n.	(biology) the process of decay caused by bacterial or fungal action
rotting	v.	break down
rotting	v.	become physically weaker
rottweiler	n.	German breed of large vigorous short-haired cattle dogs
rotund	adj.	spherical in shape
rotund	adj.	(of sounds) full and rich
rotund	adj.	excessively fat
rotunda	n.	a building having a circular plan and a dome
rotunda	n.	a large circular room
rotundity	n.	the roundness of a 3-dimensional object
rotundity	n.	the fullness of a tone of voice
rotundness	n.	the roundness of a 3-dimensional object
roue	n.	a dissolute man in fashionable society
rouge	n.	makeup consisting of a pink or red powder applied to the cheeks
rouge	v.	redden by applying rouge to
rough	n.	the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut short
rough	v.	prepare in preliminary or sketchy form
rough	adj.	having or caused by an irregular surface
rough	adj.	(of persons or behavior) lacking refinement or finesse
rough	adj.	not quite exact or correct
rough	adj.	full of hardship or trials
rough	adj.	violently agitated and turbulent; ; - Ezra Pound
rough	adj.	unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound
rough	adj.	ready and able to resort to force or violence; - Herman Melville
rough	adj.	of the margin of a leaf shape; having the edge cut or fringed or scalloped
rough	adj.	causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements
rough	adj.	not shaped by cutting or trimming
rough	adj.	not carefully or expertly made
rough	adj.	not perfected
rough	adj.	unpleasantly stern
rough	adj.	unkind or cruel or uncivil
rough	adv.	with roughness or violence (`rough' is an informal variant for `roughly')
rough	adv.	with rough motion as over a rough surface
roughage	n.	coarse, indigestible plant food low in nutrients; its bulk stimulates intestinal peristalsis
roughcast	n.	a coarse plaster for the surface of external walls
roughcast	n.	a rough preliminary model
roughcast	v.	shape roughly
roughcast	v.	apply roughcast to
roughcast	v.	hew roughly, without finishing the surface
roughen	v.	make rough or rougher
roughhouse	v.	engage in rough or disorderly play
roughneck	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
roughness	n.	a texture of a surface or edge that is not smooth but is irregular and uneven
roughness	n.	the quality of being unpleasant (harsh or rough or grating) to the senses
roughness	n.	an unpolished unrefined quality
roughness	n.	used of the sea during inclement or stormy weather
roughness	n.	rowdy behavior
roughness	n.	the formation of small pits in a surface as a consequence of corrosion
roughness	n.	harsh or severe speech or behavior
roughs	n.	the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut short
roughs	v.	prepare in preliminary or sketchy form
roughshod	adj.	(of a horse) having horseshoes with projecting nails to prevent slipping
roughshod	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
roughshod	adj.	unjustly domineering
roulette	n.	a line generated by a point on one figure rolling around a second figure
roulette	n.	a wheel with teeth for making a row of perforations
roulette	n.	a gambling game in which players bet on which compartment of a revolving wheel a small ball will come to rest in
round	n.	a charge of ammunition for a single shot
round	n.	an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs
round	n.	a regular route for a sentry or policeman
round	n.	(often plural) a series of professional calls (usually in a set order)
round	n.	the activity of playing 18 holes of golf
round	n.	the usual activities in your day
round	n.	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive
round	n.	the course along which communications spread
round	n.	a serving to each of a group (usually alcoholic)
round	n.	a cut of beef between the rump and the lower leg
round	n.	a partsong in which voices follow each other; one voice starts and others join in one after another until all are singing different parts of the song at the same time
round	n.	an outburst of applause
round	n.	a crosspiece between the legs of a chair
round	n.	any circular or rotating mechanism
round	v.	wind around; move along a circular course
round	v.	make round
round	v.	pronounce with rounded lips
round	v.	attack in speech or writing
round	v.	bring to a highly developed, finished, or refined state
round	v.	express as a round number
round	v.	become round, plump, or shapely
round	adj.	having a circular shape
round	adj.	(of sounds) full and rich
round	adj.	(mathematics) expressed to the nearest integer, ten, hundred, or thousand
round	adv.	from beginning to end; throughout
roundabout	n.	a road junction at which traffic streams circularly around a central island
roundabout	n.	a large, rotating machine with seats for children to ride or amusement
roundabout	adj.	marked by obliqueness or indirection in speech or conduct
roundabout	adj.	deviating from a straight course
roundel	n.	English form of rondeau having three triplets with a refrain after the first and third
roundel	n.	round piece of armor plate that protects the armpit
roundel	n.	(heraldry) a charge in the shape of a circle
roundelay	n.	a song in which a line or phrase is repeated as the refrain
roundhouse	n.	workplace consisting of a circular building for repairing locomotives
roundhouse	n.	a hook delivered with an exaggerated swing
roundish	adj.	somewhat round in appearance or form
roundness	n.	the fullness of a tone of voice
roundness	n.	the quality of being round numbers
roundness	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that is curved and not angular
roundness	n.	the bodily property of being well rounded
roundup	n.	the activity of gathering livestock together so that they can be counted or branded or sold
roundup	n.	a summary list; as in e.g.
roundup	n.	the systematic gathering up of suspects by the police
roundworm	n.	infections of the skin or nails caused by fungi and appearing as itching circular patches
roundworm	n.	unsegmented worms with elongated rounded body pointed at both ends; mostly free-living but some are parasitic
rouse	v.	become active
rouse	v.	force or drive out
rouse	v.	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused
rouse	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
rousseau	n.	French philosopher and writer born in Switzerland; believed that the natural goodness of man was warped by society; ideas influenced the French Revolution (1712-1778)
rousseau	n.	French primitive painter (1844-1910)
roustabout	n.	a member of a ship's crew who performs manual labor
rout	n.	a disorderly crowd of people
rout	n.	an overwhelming defeat
rout	v.	cause to flee
rout	v.	dig with the snout
rout	v.	make a groove in
rout	v.	defeat disastrously
route	n.	an established line of travel or access
route	n.	an open way (generally public) for travel or transportation
route	v.	send documents or materials to appropriate destinations
route	v.	send via a specific route
route	v.	divert in a specified direction
routeing	v.	send documents or materials to appropriate destinations
routeing	v.	send via a specific route
routeing	v.	divert in a specified direction
router	n.	a worker who routes shipments for distribution and delivery
router	n.	(computer science) a device that forwards data packets between computer networks
router	n.	a power tool with a shaped cutter; used in carpentry for cutting grooves
routine	n.	an unvarying or habitual method or procedure
routine	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
routine	n.	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program
routine	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
roux	n.	a mixture of fat and flour heated and used as a basis for sauces
rove	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
rove	v.	pass a rope through
rove	v.	pass through a hole or opening
rove	v.	fasten by passing through a hole or around something
rover	n.	someone who leads a wandering unsettled life
rover	n.	an adult member of the Boy Scouts movement
row	n.	an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line
row	n.	an angry dispute
row	n.	a long continuous strip (usually running horizontally)
row	n.	(construction) a layer of masonry
row	n.	a linear array of numbers, letters, or symbols side by side
row	n.	a continuous chronological succession without an interruption
row	n.	the act of rowing as a sport
row	v.	propel with oars
rowan	n.	Eurasian tree with orange-red berrylike fruits
rowboat	n.	a small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled
rowdily	adv.	in a rowdy manner
rowdiness	n.	rowdy behavior
rowdy	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
rowdy	adj.	disturbing the public peace; loud and rough
rowdyism	n.	rowdy behavior
rowel	n.	a small spiked wheel at the end of a spur
rower	n.	someone who rows a boat
rowing	n.	the act of rowing as a sport
rowing	v.	propel with oars
rowlock	n.	a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing
royal	n.	a sail set next above the topgallant on a royal mast
royal	n.	stag with antlers of 12 or more branches
royal	adj.	of or relating to or indicative of or issued or performed by a king or queen or other monarch
royal	adj.	established or chartered or authorized by royalty
royal	adj.	being of the rank of a monarch
royal	adj.	belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler
royal	adj.	invested with royal power as symbolized by a crown
royalist	n.	an advocate of the principles of monarchy
royalist	n.	a royalist supporter of Charles I during the English Civil War
royalties	n.	payment to the holder of a patent or copyright or resource for the right to use their property
royalties	n.	royal persons collectively
royalty	n.	payment to the holder of a patent or copyright or resource for the right to use their property
royalty	n.	royal persons collectively
rozelle	n.	East Indian sparsely prickly annual herb or perennial subshrub widely cultivated for its fleshy calyxes used in tarts and jelly and for its bast fiber
rpm	n.	rate of revolution of a motor
ru	n.	a rare polyvalent metallic element of the platinum group; it is found associated with platinum
rub	n.	an unforeseen obstacle
rub	n.	the act of rubbing or wiping
rub	v.	move over something with pressure
rub	v.	cause friction
rub	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
rubato	n.	a flexible tempo; not strictly on the beat
rubbed	v.	move over something with pressure
rubbed	v.	cause friction
rubbed	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
rubber	n.	an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of the genera Hevea and Ficus) that can be vulcanized and finished into a variety of products
rubber	n.	any of various synthetic elastic materials whose properties resemble natural rubber
rubber	n.	an eraser made of rubber (or of a synthetic material with properties similar to rubber); commonly mounted at one end of a pencil
rubber	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
rubber	n.	a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow
rubber	v.	coat or impregnate with rubber
rubber	adj.	returned for lack of funds
rubberize	v.	coat or impregnate with rubber
rubberneck	n.	a tourist who is visiting sights of interest
rubberneck	n.	a person who stares inquisitively
rubberneck	v.	strain to watch; stare curiously
rubbernecker	n.	a person who stares inquisitively
rubbery	adj.	having an elastic texture resembling rubber in flexibility or toughness
rubbery	adj.	difficult to chew
rubbing	n.	the resistance encountered when one body is moved in contact with another
rubbing	n.	representation consisting of a copy (as of an engraving) made by laying paper over something and rubbing it with charcoal
rubbing	n.	effort expended in moving one object over another with pressure
rubbing	v.	move over something with pressure
rubbing	v.	cause friction
rubbing	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
rubbish	n.	worthless material that is to be disposed of
rubbish	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
rubbish	v.	attack strongly
rubbishy	adj.	cheap and inferior; of no value
rubble	n.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
rubdown	n.	the act of rubbing down, usually for relaxation or medicinal purposes
rube	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
rubella	n.	a contagious viral disease that is a milder form of measles lasting three or four days; can be damaging to a fetus during the first trimester
rubens	n.	prolific Flemish baroque painter; knighted by the English king Charles I (1577-1640)
rubicon	n.	the boundary in ancient times between Italy and Gaul; Caesar's crossing it with his army in 49 BC was an act of war
rubicon	n.	a line that when crossed permits of no return and typically results in irrevocable commitment
rubicund	adj.	inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life
rubidium	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the alkali metal group; burns in air and reacts violently in water; occurs in carnallite and lepidolite and pollucite
rubinstein	n.	United States pianist (born in Poland) known for his interpretations of the music of Chopin (1886-1982)
rubinstein	n.	Russian composer and pianist (1829-1894)
ruble	n.	the basic unit of money in Tajikistan
ruble	n.	the basic unit of money in Russia
rubric	n.	an authoritative rule of conduct or procedure
rubric	n.	an explanation or definition of an obscure word in a text
rubric	n.	directions for the conduct of Christian church services (often printed in red in a prayer book)
rubric	n.	a heading that names a statute or legislative bill; may give a brief summary of the matters it deals with
rubric	n.	a title or heading that is printed in red or in a special type
rubric	n.	category name
rubric	v.	adorn with ruby red color
ruby	n.	a transparent piece of ruby that has been cut and polished and is valued as a precious gem
ruby	n.	a transparent deep red variety of corundum; used as a gemstone and in lasers
ruby	n.	a deep and vivid red color
ruby	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
ruck	n.	a crowd especially of ordinary or undistinguished persons or things
ruck	n.	an irregular fold in an otherwise even surface (as in cloth)
ruck	v.	become wrinkled or drawn together
rucksack	n.	a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder
ruckus	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
ructions	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
rudder	n.	a hinged vertical airfoil mounted at the tail of an aircraft and used to make horizontal course changes
rudder	n.	(nautical) steering mechanism consisting of a hinged vertical plate mounted at the stern of a vessel
rudderless	adj.	aimlessly drifting
ruddiness	n.	a healthy reddish complexion
ruddy	adj.	inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life
ruddy	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
rude	adj.	socially incorrect in behavior
rude	adj.	(of persons) lacking in refinement or grace
rude	adj.	lacking civility or good manners; - Willa Cather
rude	adj.	(used especially of commodities) being unprocessed or manufactured using only simple or minimal processes
rude	adj.	belonging to an early stage of technical development; characterized by simplicity and (often) crudeness
rudeness	n.	a manner that is rude and insulting
rudeness	n.	a wild or unrefined state
rudiment	n.	the elementary stages of any subject (usually plural)
rudiment	n.	the remains of a body part that was functional at an earlier stage of life
rudimentary	adj.	being or involving basic facts or principles
rudimentary	adj.	being in the earliest stages of development
rudimentary	adj.	not fully developed in mature animals
rue	n.	European strong-scented perennial herb with grey-green bitter-tasting leaves; an irritant similar to poison ivy
rue	n.	leaves sometimes used for flavoring fruit or claret cup but should be used with great caution: can cause irritation like poison ivy
rue	n.	sadness associated with some wrong done or some disappointment
rue	n.	(French) a street or road in France
rue	v.	feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about
rueful	adj.	feeling or expressing pain or sorrow for sins or offenses
ruefulness	n.	sadness associated with some wrong done or some disappointment
ruff	n.	an external body part consisting of feathers or hair about the neck of a bird or other animal
ruff	n.	a high tight collar
ruff	n.	common Eurasian sandpiper; the male has an erectile neck ruff in breeding season
ruff	n.	(card games) the act of taking a trick with a trump when unable to follow suit
ruff	v.	play a trump
ruffian	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
ruffle	n.	a strip of pleated material used as a decoration or a trim
ruffle	n.	a high tight collar
ruffle	n.	a noisy fight
ruffle	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
ruffle	v.	trouble or vex
ruffle	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
ruffle	v.	discompose
ruffle	v.	twitch or flutter
ruffle	v.	mix so as to make a random order or arrangement
ruffle	v.	erect or fluff up
ruffle	v.	disturb the smoothness of
ruffle	v.	pleat or gather into a ruffle
ruffled	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
ruffled	v.	trouble or vex
ruffled	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
ruffled	v.	discompose
ruffled	v.	twitch or flutter
ruffled	v.	mix so as to make a random order or arrangement
ruffled	v.	erect or fluff up
ruffled	v.	disturb the smoothness of
ruffled	v.	pleat or gather into a ruffle
ruffled	adj.	shaken into waves or undulations as by wind
ruffled	adj.	having decorative ruffles or frills
rug	n.	floor covering consisting of a piece of thick heavy fabric (usually with nap or pile)
rugby	n.	a form of football played with an oval ball
rugged	adj.	sturdy and strong in constitution or construction; enduring
rugged	adj.	having long narrow shallow depressions (as grooves or wrinkles) in the surface
rugged	adj.	topographically very uneven
rugged	adj.	very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution
ruggedness	n.	the property of being big and strong
ruggedness	n.	the quality of being topologically uneven
ruggedness	n.	the quality of being difficult to do
rugger	n.	a form of football played with an oval ball
ruhr	n.	a tributary of the Rhine
ruhr	n.	a major industrial and coal mining region in the valley of the Ruhr river in northwestern Germany
ruin	n.	an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction
ruin	n.	a ruined building
ruin	n.	the process of becoming dilapidated
ruin	n.	an event that results in destruction
ruin	n.	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation
ruin	n.	destruction achieved by causing something to be wrecked or ruined
ruin	v.	destroy completely; damage irreparably
ruin	v.	destroy or cause to fail
ruin	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
ruin	v.	reduce to ruins
ruin	v.	deprive of virginity
ruin	v.	fall into ruin
ruination	n.	an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction
ruination	n.	an event that results in destruction
ruination	n.	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation
ruination	n.	destruction achieved by causing something to be wrecked or ruined
ruinous	adj.	extremely harmful; bringing physical or financial ruin
ruinous	adj.	causing injury or blight; especially affecting with sudden violence or plague or ruin
rule	n.	a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior
rule	n.	something regarded as a normative example
rule	n.	prescribed guide for conduct or action
rule	n.	(linguistics) a rule describing (or prescribing) a linguistic practice
rule	n.	a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct
rule	n.	the duration of a monarch's or government's power
rule	n.	dominance or power through legal authority
rule	n.	directions that define the way a game or sport is to be conducted
rule	n.	any one of a systematic body of regulations defining the way of life of members of a religious order
rule	n.	a rule or law concerning a natural phenomenon or the function of a complex system
rule	n.	(mathematics) a standard procedure for solving a class of mathematical problems
rule	n.	measuring stick consisting of a strip of wood or metal or plastic with a straight edge that is used for drawing straight lines and measuring lengths
rule	v.	exercise authority over; as of nations
rule	v.	decide with authority
rule	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
rule	v.	decide on and make a declaration about
rule	v.	have an affinity with; of signs of the zodiac
rule	v.	mark or draw with a ruler
rule	v.	keep in check
ruler	n.	a person who rules or commands
ruler	n.	measuring stick consisting of a strip of wood or metal or plastic with a straight edge that is used for drawing straight lines and measuring lengths
ruling	n.	the reason for a court's judgment (as opposed to the decision itself)
ruling	v.	exercise authority over; as of nations
ruling	v.	decide with authority
ruling	v.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance
ruling	v.	decide on and make a declaration about
ruling	v.	have an affinity with; of signs of the zodiac
ruling	v.	mark or draw with a ruler
ruling	v.	keep in check
ruling	adj.	exercising power or authority
rum	n.	liquor distilled from fermented molasses
rum	n.	a card game based on collecting sets and sequences; the winner is the first to meld all their cards
rum	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
rumba	n.	syncopated music in duple time for dancing the rumba
rumba	n.	a folk dance in duple time that originated in Cuba with Spanish and African elements; features complex footwork and violent movement
rumba	n.	a ballroom dance based on the Cuban folk dance
rumba	v.	dance the rhumba
rumble	n.	a loud low dull continuous noise
rumble	n.	a servant's seat (or luggage compartment) in the rear of a carriage
rumble	n.	a fight between rival gangs of adolescents
rumble	v.	make a low noise
rumble	v.	to utter or emit low dull rumbling sounds
rumbling	n.	a loud low dull continuous noise
rumbling	v.	make a low noise
rumbling	v.	to utter or emit low dull rumbling sounds
rumbling	adj.	continuous full and low-pitched throbbing sound
rumbustious	adj.	noisy and lacking in restraint or discipline
ruminant	n.	any of various cud-chewing hoofed mammals having a stomach divided into four (occasionally three) compartments
ruminant	adj.	related to or characteristic of animals of the suborder Ruminantia or any other animal that chews a cud
ruminate	v.	chew the cuds
ruminate	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
rumination	n.	a calm, lengthy, intent consideration
rumination	n.	(of ruminants) chewing (the cud)
rumination	n.	regurgitation of small amounts of food; seen in some infants after feeding
ruminative	adj.	deeply or seriously thoughtful
rummage	n.	a jumble of things to be given away
rummage	n.	a thorough search for something (often causing disorder or confusion)
rummage	v.	search haphazardly
rummer	n.	a large drinking glass (ovoid bowl on a stem) for drinking toasts
rummy	n.	a chronic drinker
rummy	n.	a card game based on collecting sets and sequences; the winner is the first to meld all their cards
rummy	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
rumor	n.	gossip (usually a mixture of truth and untruth) passed around by word of mouth
rumor	v.	tell or spread rumors
rumormonger	n.	a person given to gossiping and divulging personal information about others
rump	n.	the part of an animal that corresponds to the human buttocks
rump	n.	fleshy hindquarters; behind the loin and above the round
rump	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
rumpelstiltskin	n.	a dwarf in one of the fairy stories of the brothers Grimm; tells a woman he will not hold her to a promise if she can guess his name and when she discovers it he is so furious that he destroys himself
rumple	v.	disturb the smoothness of
rumple	v.	to gather something into small wrinkles or folds
rumple	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
rumpus	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
rumpus	v.	cause a disturbance
run	n.	a score in baseball made by a runner touching all four bases safely
run	n.	the act of testing something
run	n.	a race run on foot
run	n.	an unbroken series of events
run	n.	(American football) a play in which a player attempts to carry the ball through or past the opposing team
run	n.	a regular trip
run	n.	the act of running; traveling on foot at a fast pace
run	n.	the continuous period of time during which something (a machine or a factory) operates or continues in operation
run	n.	unrestricted freedom to use
run	n.	the production achieved during a continuous period of operation (of a machine or factory etc.)
run	n.	a small stream
run	n.	a race between candidates for elective office
run	n.	a row of unravelled stitches
run	n.	the pouring forth of a fluid
run	n.	an unbroken chronological sequence
run	n.	a short trip
run	v.	move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time
run	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
run	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
run	v.	direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.
run	v.	have a particular form
run	v.	move along, of liquids
run	v.	perform as expected when applied
run	v.	change or be different within limits
run	v.	run, stand, or compete for an office or a position
run	v.	cause to emit recorded audio or video
run	v.	move about freely and without restraint, or act as if running around in an uncontrolled way
run	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
run	v.	be operating, running or functioning
run	v.	change from one state to another
run	v.	cause to perform
run	v.	be affected by; be subjected to
run	v.	continue to exist
run	v.	occur persistently
run	v.	carry out a process or program, as on a computer or a machine
run	v.	include as the content; broadcast or publicize
run	v.	carry out
run	v.	pass over, across, or through
run	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
run	v.	make without a miss
run	v.	deal in illegally, such as arms or liquor
run	v.	cause an animal to move fast
run	v.	be diffused
run	v.	sail before the wind
run	v.	cover by running; run a certain distance
run	v.	extend or continue for a certain period of time
run	v.	set animals loose to graze
run	v.	keep company
run	v.	run with the ball; in such sports as football
run	v.	travel rapidly, by any (unspecified) means
run	v.	travel a route regularly
run	v.	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals)
run	v.	compete in a race
run	v.	progress by being changed
run	v.	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating
run	v.	come unraveled or undone as if by snagging
run	v.	become undone
runabout	n.	an open automobile having a front seat and a rumble seat
runaway	n.	an easy victory
runaway	n.	someone who flees from an uncongenial situation
runaway	adj.	completely out of control
rundown	n.	a concluding summary (as in presenting a case before a law court)
rune	n.	any character from an ancient Germanic alphabet used in Scandinavia from the 3rd century to the Middle Ages
rung	n.	a crosspiece between the legs of a chair
rung	n.	one of the crosspieces that form the steps of a ladder
rung	v.	sound loudly and sonorously
rung	v.	ring or echo with sound
rung	v.	make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification
rung	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
rung	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
rung	v.	attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify
runic	adj.	relating to or consisting of runes
runnel	n.	a small stream
runner	n.	someone who imports or exports without paying duties
runner	n.	someone who travels on foot by running
runner	n.	a person who is employed to deliver messages or documents
runner	n.	a baseball player on the team at bat who is on base (or attempting to reach a base)
runner	n.	a horizontal branch from the base of plant that produces new plants from buds at its tips
runner	n.	a trained athlete who competes in foot races
runner	n.	(football) the player who is carrying (and trying to advance) the ball on an offensive play
runner	n.	a long narrow carpet
runner	n.	device consisting of the parts on which something can slide along
runner	n.	fish of western Atlantic: Cape Cod to Brazil
running	n.	(American football) a play in which a player attempts to carry the ball through or past the opposing team
running	n.	the act of running; traveling on foot at a fast pace
running	n.	the state of being in operation
running	n.	the act of administering or being in charge of something
running	n.	the act of participating in an athletic competition involving running on a track
running	v.	move fast by using one's feet, with one foot off the ground at any given time
running	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
running	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
running	v.	direct or control; projects, businesses, etc.
running	v.	have a particular form
running	v.	move along, of liquids
running	v.	perform as expected when applied
running	v.	change or be different within limits
running	v.	run, stand, or compete for an office or a position
running	v.	cause to emit recorded audio or video
running	v.	move about freely and without restraint, or act as if running around in an uncontrolled way
running	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
running	v.	be operating, running or functioning
running	v.	change from one state to another
running	v.	cause to perform
running	v.	be affected by; be subjected to
running	v.	continue to exist
running	v.	occur persistently
running	v.	carry out a process or program, as on a computer or a machine
running	v.	include as the content; broadcast or publicize
running	v.	carry out
running	v.	pass over, across, or through
running	v.	cause something to pass or lead somewhere
running	v.	make without a miss
running	v.	deal in illegally, such as arms or liquor
running	v.	cause an animal to move fast
running	v.	be diffused
running	v.	sail before the wind
running	v.	cover by running; run a certain distance
running	v.	extend or continue for a certain period of time
running	v.	set animals loose to graze
running	v.	keep company
running	v.	run with the ball; in such sports as football
running	v.	travel rapidly, by any (unspecified) means
running	v.	travel a route regularly
running	v.	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals)
running	v.	compete in a race
running	v.	progress by being changed
running	v.	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating
running	v.	come unraveled or undone as if by snagging
running	v.	become undone
running	adj.	(of fluids) moving or issuing in a stream
running	adj.	continually repeated over a period of time
running	adj.	of advancing the ball by running
running	adj.	executed or initiated by running
running	adj.	measured lengthwise
running	adj.	(of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing
runny	adj.	characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape
runoff	n.	the occurrence of surplus liquid (as water) exceeding the limit or capacity
runoff	n.	a final election to resolve an earlier election that did not produce a winner
runt	n.	disparaging terms for small people
runty	adj.	well below average height
runty	adj.	(used especially of persons) of inferior size
runway	n.	a bar or pair of parallel bars of rolled steel making the railway along which railroad cars or other vehicles can roll
runway	n.	a chute down which logs can slide
runway	n.	a narrow platform extending from the stage into the audience in a theater or nightclub etc.
runway	n.	a strip of level paved surface where planes can take off and land
runyon	n.	United States writer of humorous stylized stories about Broadway and the New York underground (1884-1946)
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in Sri Lanka; equal to 100 cents
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in Seychelles; equal to 100 cents
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in Nepal; equal to 100 paisa
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in Mauritius; equal to 100 cents
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in Pakistan; equal to 100 paisa
rupee	n.	the basic unit of money in India; equal to 100 paise
rupert	n.	English leader (born in Germany) of the Royalist forces during the English Civil War (1619-1682)
rupiah	n.	the basic unit of money in Indonesia; equal to 100 sen
rupiahs	n.	the basic unit of money in Indonesia; equal to 100 sen
rupture	n.	state of being torn or burst open
rupture	n.	a personal or social separation (as between opposing factions)
rupture	n.	the act of making a sudden noisy break
rupture	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
rural	adj.	living in or characteristic of farming or country life
rural	adj.	of or relating to the countryside as opposed to the city
ruse	n.	a deceptive maneuver (especially to avoid capture)
rush	n.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner
rush	n.	a sudden forceful flow
rush	n.	grasslike plants growing in wet places and having cylindrical often hollow stems
rush	n.	physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813)
rush	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
rush	n.	a sudden burst of activity
rush	n.	(American football) an attempt to advance the ball by running into the line
rush	v.	move fast
rush	v.	attack suddenly
rush	v.	urge to an unnatural speed
rush	v.	act or move at high speed
rush	v.	run with the ball, in football
rush	v.	cause to move fast or to rush or race
rush	v.	cause to occur rapidly
rush	adj.	not accepting reservations
rush	adj.	done under pressure
rushdie	n.	British writer of novels who was born in India; one of his novels is regarded as blasphemous by Muslims and a fatwa was issued condemning him to death (born in 1947)
rusher	n.	(football) a ball carrier who tries to gain ground by running with the ball
rusher	n.	someone who migrates as part of a rush to a new gold field or a new territory
rusher	n.	a person who rushes; someone in a hurry; someone who acts precipitously
rushmore	n.	a mountain in the Black Hills of South Dakota; the likenesses of Washington and Jefferson and Lincoln and Roosevelt are carved on it
rushy	adj.	abounding in rushes
rusk	n.	slice of sweet raised bread baked again until it is brown and hard and crisp
ruskin	n.	British art critic (1819-1900)
russ	n.	the medieval Russian state established by Scandinavian traders in the 9th century; the capital was first in Novgorod and then in Kiev
russell	n.	United States religious leader who founded the sect that is now called Jehovah's Witnesses (1852-1916)
russell	n.	English film director (born in 1927)
russell	n.	United States basketball center (born in 1934)
russell	n.	United States entertainer remembered for her roles in comic operas (1861-1922)
russell	n.	United States astronomer who developed a theory of stellar evolution (1877-1957)
russell	n.	Irish writer whose pen name was A.E. (1867-1935)
russell	n.	English philosopher and mathematician who collaborated with Whitehead (1872-1970)
russet	n.	a reddish brown homespun fabric
russet	adj.	of brown with a reddish tinge
russia	n.	a former communist country in eastern Europe and northern Asia; established in 1922; included Russia and 14 other soviet socialist republics (Ukraine and Byelorussia and others); officially dissolved 31 December 1991
russia	n.	formerly the largest Soviet Socialist Republic in the USSR occupying eastern Europe and northern Asia
russia	n.	a former empire in eastern Europe and northern Asia created in the 14th century with Moscow as the capital; powerful in the 17th and 18th centuries under Peter the Great and Catherine the Great when Saint Petersburg was the capital; overthrown by revolution in 1917
russia	n.	a federation in northeastern Europe and northern Asia; formerly Soviet Russia; since 1991 an independent state
russian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Russia
russian	n.	the Slavic language that is the official language of Russia
russian	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of Russia or its people or culture or language
rust	n.	a red or brown oxide coating on iron or steel caused by the action of oxygen and moisture
rust	n.	a plant disease that produces a reddish-brown discoloration of leaves and stems; caused by various rust fungi
rust	n.	the formation of reddish-brown ferric oxides on iron by low-temperature oxidation in the presence of water
rust	n.	any of various fungi causing rust disease in plants
rust	v.	become destroyed by water, air, or a corrosive such as an acid
rust	v.	cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid
rust	v.	become coated with oxide
rust	adj.	of the brown color of rust
rustbelt	n.	urban areas in New England and Midwest characterized by concentrations of declining industries (steel or textiles)
rustic	n.	an unsophisticated country person
rustic	adj.	characteristic of rural life
rustic	adj.	awkwardly simple and provincial
rustic	adj.	characteristic of the fields or country
rusticate	v.	live in the country and lead a rustic life
rusticate	v.	send to the country
rusticate	v.	suspend temporarily from college or university, in England
rusticate	v.	give (stone) a rustic look
rusticate	v.	lend a rustic character to
rustication	n.	the condition naturally attaching to life in the country
rustication	n.	the construction of masonry or brickwork in a rustic manner
rustication	n.	the action of retiring to and living in the country
rustication	n.	temporary dismissal of a student from a university
rustication	n.	banishment into the country
rusticity	n.	the quality of being rustic or gauche
rustiness	n.	the condition of being coated or clogged with rust
rustiness	n.	ineptitude or awkwardness as a consequence of age or lack of practice
rustle	n.	a light noise, like the noise of silk clothing or leaves blowing in the wind
rustle	v.	make a dry crackling sound
rustle	v.	take illegally
rustle	v.	forage food
rustler	n.	someone who steals livestock (especially cattle)
rustproof	adj.	treated against rusting
rusty	adj.	covered with or consisting of rust
rusty	adj.	of the brown color of rust
rusty	adj.	impaired in skill by neglect
rusty	adj.	ancient
rut	n.	a groove or furrow (especially one in soft earth caused by wheels)
rut	n.	a settled and monotonous routine that is hard to escape
rut	n.	applies to nonhuman mammals: a state or period of heightened sexual arousal and activity
rut	v.	be in a state of sexual excitement; of male mammals
rut	v.	hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove
rutabaga	n.	the large yellow root of a rutabaga plant used as food
rutabaga	n.	a cruciferous plant with a thick bulbous edible yellow root
ruth	n.	United States professional baseball player famous for hitting home runs (1895-1948)
ruth	n.	the great-grandmother of king David whose story is told in the Book of Ruth in the Old Testament
ruth	n.	a feeling of sympathy and sorrow for the misfortunes of others
ruth	n.	a book of the Old Testament that tells the story of Ruth who was not an Israelite but who married an Israelite and who stayed with her mother-in-law Naomi after her husband died
ruthenium	n.	a rare polyvalent metallic element of the platinum group; it is found associated with platinum
rutherford	n.	a unit strength of a radioactive source equal to one million disintegrations per second
rutherford	n.	British chemist who isolated nitrogen (1749-1819)
rutherford	n.	British physicist (born in New Zealand) who discovered the atomic nucleus and proposed a nuclear model of the atom (1871-1937)
rutherfordium	n.	a radioactive transuranic element which has been synthesized
ruthless	adj.	without mercy or pity
ruthlessness	n.	mercilessness characterized by a lack of pity
ruthlessness	n.	feelings of extreme heartlessness
rutledge	n.	United States jurist and second chief justice of the United States Supreme Court; he was appointed by George Washington and briefly served as chief justice but was ultimately rejected by the United States Senate (1739-1800)
rutted	v.	be in a state of sexual excitement; of male mammals
rutted	v.	hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove
rutted	adj.	full of ruts
rutting	v.	be in a state of sexual excitement; of male mammals
rutting	v.	hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove
rutty	adj.	full of ruts
rv	n.	a motorized wheeled vehicle used for camping or other recreational activities
rwanda	n.	a landlocked republic in central Africa; formerly a German colony
rwandan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Rwanda
rwandan	adj.	of or pertaining to Rwanda
rydberg	n.	a wave number characteristic of the wave spectrum of each element
rye	n.	the seed of the cereal grass
rye	n.	hardy annual cereal grass widely cultivated in northern Europe where its grain is the chief ingredient of black bread and in North America for forage and soil improvement
rye	n.	whiskey distilled from rye or rye and malt
s	n.	1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
s	n.	an abundant tasteless odorless multivalent nonmetallic element; best known in yellow crystals; occurs in many sulphide and sulphate minerals and even in native form (especially in volcanic regions)
s	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees
s	n.	a unit of conductance equal to the reciprocal of an ohm
s	n.	the 19th letter of the Roman alphabet
s	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity representing the amount of energy in a system that is no longer available for doing mechanical work
sa	n.	Nazi militia created by Hitler in 1921 that helped him to power but was eclipsed by the SS after 1943
saarinen	n.	Finnish architect and city planner who moved to the United States in 1923; father of Eero Saarinen (1873-1950)
saarinen	n.	United States architect (born in Finland) (1910-1961)
sabbath	n.	a day of rest and worship: Sunday for most Christians; Saturday for the Jews and a few Christians; Friday for Muslims
sabbaths	n.	a day of rest and worship: Sunday for most Christians; Saturday for the Jews and a few Christians; Friday for Muslims
sabbatical	n.	a leave usually taken every seventh year
sabbatical	adj.	of or relating to the Sabbath
sabbatical	adj.	of or relating to sabbatical leave
saber	n.	a fencing sword with a v-shaped blade and a slightly curved handle
saber	n.	a stout sword with a curved blade and thick back
saber	v.	cut or injure with a saber
saber	v.	kill with a saber
sabin	n.	a unit of acoustic absorption equivalent to the absorption by a square foot of a surface that absorbs all incident sound
sabin	n.	United States microbiologist (born in Poland) who developed the Sabin vaccine that is taken orally against poliomyelitis (born 1906)
sabine	n.	a river in eastern Texas that flows south into the Gulf of Mexico
sabine	n.	a member of an ancient Oscan-speaking people of the central Apennines north of Rome who were conquered and assimilated into the Roman state in 290 BC
sabine	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Sabines
sable	n.	an artist's brush made of sable hairs
sable	n.	the expensive dark brown fur of the marten
sable	n.	a very dark black
sable	n.	a scarf (or trimming) made of sable
sable	n.	marten of northern Asian forests having luxuriant dark brown fur
sable	adj.	of a dark somewhat brownish black
sabot	n.	a shoe carved from a single block of wood
sabot	n.	footwear usually with wooden soles
sabotage	n.	a deliberate act of destruction or disruption in which equipment is damaged
sabotage	v.	destroy property or hinder normal operations
saboteur	n.	someone who commits sabotage or deliberately causes wrecks
saboteur	n.	a member of a clandestine subversive organization who tries to help a potential invader
sabra	n.	a native-born Israeli
sabre	n.	a fencing sword with a v-shaped blade and a slightly curved handle
sabre	n.	a stout sword with a curved blade and thick back
sabre	v.	cut or injure with a saber
sabre	v.	kill with a saber
sac	n.	an enclosed space
sac	n.	a case or sheath especially a pollen sac or moss capsule
sac	n.	a member of the Algonquian people formerly living in Wisconsin in the Fox River valley and on the shores of Green Bay
sac	n.	a structure resembling a bag in an animal
sacajawea	n.	the Shoshone guide and interpreter who guided the Lewis and Clark expedition part of the way
saccharin	n.	a crystalline substance 500 times sweeter than sugar; used as a calorie-free sweetener
saccharine	adj.	overly sweet
sacco	n.	United States anarchist (born in Italy) who with Bartolomeo Vanzetti was convicted of murder and in spite of world-wide protest was executed (1891-1927)
sacerdotal	adj.	of or relating to a belief in sacerdotalism
sacerdotal	adj.	associated with the priesthood or priests
sachem	n.	a political leader (especially of Tammany Hall)
sachem	n.	a chief of a North American tribe or confederation (especially an Algonquian chief)
sachet	n.	a small soft bag containing perfumed powder; used to perfume items in a drawer or chest
sack	n.	a bag made of paper or plastic for holding customer's purchases
sack	n.	an enclosed space
sack	n.	the quantity contained in a sack
sack	n.	any of various light dry strong white wine from Spain and Canary Islands (including sherry)
sack	n.	a woman's full loose hiplength jacket
sack	n.	a hanging bed of canvas or rope netting (usually suspended between two trees); swings easily
sack	n.	a loose-fitting dress hanging straight from the shoulders without a waist
sack	n.	the plundering of a place by an army or mob; usually involves destruction and slaughter
sack	n.	the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart)
sack	v.	plunder (a town) after capture
sack	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
sack	v.	make as a net profit
sack	v.	put in a sack
sackcloth	n.	a garment made of coarse sacking; formerly worn as an indication of remorse
sackcloth	n.	a coarse cloth resembling sacking
sackful	n.	the quantity contained in a sack
sacking	n.	coarse fabric used for bags or sacks
sacking	n.	the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart)
sacking	v.	plunder (a town) after capture
sacking	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
sacking	v.	make as a net profit
sacking	v.	put in a sack
sacra	n.	wedge-shaped bone consisting of five fused vertebrae forming the posterior part of the pelvis; its base connects with the lowest lumbar vertebra and its tip with the coccyx
sacrament	n.	a formal religious ceremony conferring a specific grace on those who receive it; the two Protestant ceremonies are baptism and the Lord's Supper; in the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church there are seven traditional rites accepted as instituted by Jesus: baptism and confirmation and Holy Eucharist and penance and holy orders and matrimony and extreme unction
sacramental	adj.	of or relating to or involving a sacrament
sacramento	n.	a city in north central California 75 miles to the northeast of San Francisco on the Sacramento River; capital of California
sacred	adj.	concerned with religion or religious purposes
sacred	adj.	worthy of respect or dedication
sacred	adj.	made or declared or believed to be holy; devoted to a deity or some religious ceremony or use
sacred	adj.	worthy of religious veneration
sacred	adj.	(often followed by `to') devoted exclusively to a single use or purpose or person
sacredness	n.	the quality of being sacred
sacrifice	n.	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc.
sacrifice	n.	personnel that are sacrificed (e.g., surrendered or lost in order to gain an objective)
sacrifice	n.	a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value
sacrifice	n.	the act of killing (an animal or person) in order to propitiate a deity
sacrifice	n.	(baseball) an out that advances the base runners
sacrifice	v.	endure the loss of
sacrifice	v.	kill or destroy
sacrifice	v.	sell at a loss
sacrifice	v.	make a sacrifice of; in religious rituals
sacrificial	adj.	used in or connected with a sacrifice
sacrilege	n.	blasphemous behavior; the act of depriving something of its sacred character
sacrilegious	adj.	grossly irreverent toward what is held to be sacred
sacristan	n.	an officer of the church who is in charge of sacred objects
sacristy	n.	a room in a church where sacred vessels and vestments are kept or meetings are held
sacrosanct	adj.	must be kept sacred
sacrum	n.	wedge-shaped bone consisting of five fused vertebrae forming the posterior part of the pelvis; its base connects with the lowest lumbar vertebra and its tip with the coccyx
sad	adj.	experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness; ; - Christina Rossetti
sad	adj.	of things that make you feel sad; ; ; ; - Christina Rossetti
sad	adj.	bad; unfortunate
sadat	n.	Egyptian statesman who (as president of Egypt) negotiated a peace treaty with Menachem Begin (then prime minister of Israel) (1918-1981)
saddam	n.	Iraqi leader who waged war against Iran; his invasion of Kuwait led to the Gulf War (born in 1937)
sadden	v.	make unhappy
sadden	v.	come to feel sad
sadder	adj.	experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness; ; - Christina Rossetti
sadder	adj.	of things that make you feel sad; ; ; ; - Christina Rossetti
sadder	adj.	bad; unfortunate
saddest	adj.	experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness; ; - Christina Rossetti
saddest	adj.	of things that make you feel sad; ; ; ; - Christina Rossetti
saddest	adj.	bad; unfortunate
saddle	n.	a seat for the rider of a horse or camel
saddle	n.	a pass or ridge that slopes gently between two peaks (is shaped like a saddle)
saddle	n.	cut of meat (especially mutton or lamb) consisting of part of the backbone and both loins
saddle	n.	a piece of leather across the instep of a shoe
saddle	n.	a seat for the rider of a bicycle
saddle	n.	posterior part of the back of a domestic fowl
saddle	v.	put a saddle on
saddle	v.	load or burden; encumber
saddle	v.	impose a task upon, assign a responsibility to
saddlebag	n.	a large bag (or pair of bags) hung over a saddle
saddler	n.	a maker and repairer and seller of equipment for horses
saddlery	n.	gear for a horse
saddlery	n.	workshop where a saddler works
sadducee	n.	a member of an ancient Jewish sect around the time of Jesus; opposed to the Pharisees
sade	n.	French soldier and writer whose descriptions of sexual perversion gave rise to the term `sadism' (1740-1814)
sades	n.	French soldier and writer whose descriptions of sexual perversion gave rise to the term `sadism' (1740-1814)
sadhu	n.	(Hinduism) an ascetic holy man
sadism	n.	sexual pleasure obtained by inflicting harm (physical or psychological) on others
sadist	n.	someone who obtains pleasure from inflicting pain or others
sadistic	adj.	deriving pleasure or sexual gratification from inflicting pain on another
sadness	n.	emotions experienced when not in a state of well-being
sadness	n.	the state of being sad
sadness	n.	the quality of excessive mournfulness and uncheerfulness
sadomasochism	n.	sadism and masochism combined in one person
sadomasochist	n.	someone who enjoys both sadism and masochism
sadomasochistic	adj.	of or relating to sadomasochism
safari	n.	an overland journey by hunters (especially in Africa)
safe	n.	strongbox where valuables can be safely kept
safe	n.	a ventilated or refrigerated cupboard for securing provisions from pests
safe	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
safe	adj.	free from danger or the risk of harm
safe	adj.	(of an undertaking) secure from risk
safe	adj.	having reached a base without being put out
safe	adj.	financially sound
safeguard	n.	a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.
safeguard	n.	a document or escort providing safe passage through a region especially in time of war
safeguard	v.	make safe
safeguard	v.	escort safely
safekeeping	n.	the responsibility of a guardian or keeper
safeness	n.	the quality of being safe
safety	n.	the state of being certain that adverse effects will not be caused by some agent under defined conditions
safety	n.	a safe place
safety	n.	a device designed to prevent injury or accidents
safety	n.	(baseball) the successful act of striking a baseball in such a way that the batter reaches base safely
safety	n.	contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is worn over the penis during intercourse
safety	n.	a score in American football; a player is tackled behind his own goal line
safflower	n.	thistlelike Eurasian plant widely grown for its red or orange flower heads and seeds that yield a valuable oil
saffron	n.	Old World crocus having purple or white flowers with aromatic pungent orange stigmas used in flavoring food
saffron	n.	dried pungent stigmas of the Old World saffron crocus
saffron	n.	a shade of yellow tinged with orange
sag	n.	a shape that sags
sag	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
sag	v.	cause to sag
saga	n.	a narrative telling the adventures of a hero or a family; originally (12th to 14th centuries) a story of the families that settled Iceland and their descendants but now any prose narrative that resembles such an account
sagacious	adj.	acutely insightful and wise
sagacious	adj.	skillful in statecraft or management
sagacity	n.	the mental ability to understand and discriminate between relations
sagacity	n.	the trait of forming opinions by distinguishing and evaluating
sage	n.	a mentor in spiritual and philosophical topics who is renowned for profound wisdom
sage	n.	aromatic fresh or dried grey-green leaves used widely as seasoning for meats and fowl and game etc
sage	n.	any of various plants of the genus Salvia; a cosmopolitan herb
sage	adj.	having wisdom that comes with age and experience
sage	adj.	of the grey-green color of sage leaves
sagebrush	n.	any of several North American composite subshrubs of the genera Artemis or Seriphidium
sagged	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
sagged	v.	cause to sag
sagging	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
sagging	v.	cause to sag
sagging	adj.	hanging down (as from exhaustion or weakness)
saginaw	n.	a town in east central Michigan on an arm of Lake Huron
sagittarius	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Sagittarius
sagittarius	n.	a large zodiacal constellation in the southern hemisphere; between Scorpius and Capricornus
sagittarius	n.	the ninth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about November 22 to December 21
sagittarius	n.	type genus of the Sagittariidae
sago	n.	powdery starch from certain sago palms; used in Asia as a food thickener and textile stiffener
saguaro	n.	extremely large treelike cactus of desert regions of southwestern United States having a thick columnar sparsely branched trunk bearing white flowers and edible red pulpy fruit
sahara	n.	the world's largest desert (3,500,000 square miles) in northern Africa
saharan	n.	a Nilo-Saharan language spoken in parts of Chad
saharan	adj.	of or relating to or located in the Sahara Desert
sahib	n.	formerly a term of respect for important white Europeans in colonial India; used after the name
said	v.	express in words
said	v.	report or maintain
said	v.	express a supposition
said	v.	have or contain a certain wording or form
said	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
said	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
said	v.	communicate or express nonverbally
said	v.	utter aloud
said	v.	state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
said	v.	recite or repeat a fixed text
said	v.	indicate
said	adj.	being the one previously mentioned or spoken of
saigon	n.	a city in South Vietnam; formerly (as Saigon) it was the capital of French Indochina
sail	n.	a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel
sail	n.	an ocean trip taken for pleasure
sail	n.	any structure that resembles a sail
sail	v.	traverse or travel on (a body of water)
sail	v.	move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions
sail	v.	travel on water propelled by wind
sail	v.	travel on water propelled by wind or by other means
sailboat	n.	a small sailing vessel; usually with a single mast
sailcloth	n.	a strong fabric (such as cotton canvas) used for making sails and tents
sailfish	n.	a saltwater fish with lean flesh
sailfish	n.	large pelagic game fish having an elongated upper jaw and long dorsal fin that resembles a sail
sailing	n.	the work of a sailor
sailing	n.	riding in a sailboat
sailing	n.	the departure of a vessel from a port
sailing	n.	the activity of flying a glider
sailing	v.	traverse or travel on (a body of water)
sailing	v.	move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions
sailing	v.	travel on water propelled by wind
sailing	v.	travel on water propelled by wind or by other means
sailor	n.	any member of a ship's crew
sailor	n.	a serviceman in the navy
sailor	n.	a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown
sailplane	n.	aircraft supported only by the dynamic action of air against its surfaces
sailplane	v.	fly a plane without an engine
saint	n.	a person who has died and has been declared a saint by canonization
saint	n.	person of exceptional holiness
saint	n.	model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
saint	v.	hold sacred
saint	v.	declare (a dead person) to be a saint
sainthood	n.	saints collectively
sainthood	n.	the status and dignity of a saint
saintlike	adj.	marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint
saintliness	n.	the quality of resembling a saint
saintly	adj.	marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint
sake	n.	a reason for wanting something done
sake	n.	Japanese alcoholic beverage made from fermented rice; usually served hot
sake	n.	the purpose of achieving or obtaining
sakharov	n.	Soviet physicist and dissident; helped develop the first Russian hydrogen bomb; advocated nuclear disarmament and campaigned for human rights (1921-1989)
saki	n.	British writer of short stories (1870-1916)
saki	n.	Japanese alcoholic beverage made from fermented rice; usually served hot
saki	n.	small arboreal monkey of tropical South America with long hair and bushy nonprehensile tail
salaam	n.	a deep bow; a Muslim form of salutation
salaam	v.	greet with a salaam
salable	adj.	capable of being sold; fit for sale
salacious	adj.	characterized by lust
salacious	adj.	suggestive of or tending to moral looseness
salaciousness	n.	the trait of behaving in an obscene manner
salacity	n.	the trait of behaving in an obscene manner
salad	n.	food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dressing; usually consisting of or including greens
saladin	n.	sultan of Syria and Egypt; reconquered Jerusalem from the Christians in 1187 but was defeated by Richard Coeur de Lion in 1191 (1137-1193)
salamander	n.	any of various typically terrestrial amphibians that resemble lizards and that return to water only to breed
salamander	n.	reptilian creature supposed to live in fire
salamander	n.	fire iron consisting of a metal rod with a handle; used to stir a fire
salami	n.	highly seasoned fatty sausage of pork and beef usually dried
salamis	n.	highly seasoned fatty sausage of pork and beef usually dried
salary	n.	something that remunerates
sale	n.	a particular instance of selling
sale	n.	the general activity of selling
sale	n.	an occasion (usually brief) for buying at specially reduced prices
sale	n.	the state of being purchasable; offered or exhibited for selling
sale	n.	an agreement (or contract) in which property is transferred from the seller (vendor) to the buyer (vendee) for a fixed price in money (paid or agreed to be paid by the buyer)
salem	n.	capital of the state of Oregon in the northwestern part of the state on the Willamette River
salem	n.	a city in northeastern Massachusetts; site of the witchcraft trials in 1692
salem	n.	a city in southern India
salerno	n.	a battle in World War II; the port was captured by United States troops in September 1943
saleroom	n.	an area where merchandise (such as cars) can be displayed
salesclerk	n.	a salesperson in a store
salesgirl	n.	a woman salesperson
saleslady	n.	a woman salesperson
salesman	n.	a man salesperson
salesmanship	n.	skill in selling; skill in persuading people to buy
salesmen	n.	a man salesperson
salespeople	n.	a person employed to represent a business and to sell its merchandise (as to customers in a store or to customers who are visited)
salesperson	n.	a person employed to represent a business and to sell its merchandise (as to customers in a store or to customers who are visited)
salesroom	n.	an area where merchandise (such as cars) can be displayed
saleswoman	n.	a woman salesperson
saleswomen	n.	a woman salesperson
salience	n.	the state of being salient
salient	n.	(military) the part of the line of battle that projects closest to the enemy
salient	adj.	having a quality that thrusts itself into attention
salient	adj.	(of angles) pointing outward at an angle of less than 180 degrees
salient	adj.	represented as leaping (rampant but leaning forward)
salinas	n.	a town in central Kansas
saline	n.	an isotonic solution of sodium chloride and distilled water
saline	adj.	containing salt
salinger	n.	United States writer (born 1919)
salinity	n.	the taste experience when common salt is taken into the mouth
salinity	n.	the relative proportion of salt in a solution
salisbury	n.	the capital and largest city of Zimbabwe
salish	n.	a family of Mosan language spoken in northwestern United States and western Canada
salish	n.	a member of a group of North American Indians speaking a Salishan language and living on the northwest coast of North America
saliva	n.	a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glands of the mouth; moistens the mouth and starts the digestion of starches
salivary	adj.	of or relating to saliva
salivate	v.	produce saliva
salivate	v.	be envious, desirous, eager for, or extremely happy about something
salivation	n.	the secretion of saliva
salk	n.	United States virologist who developed the Salk vaccine that is injected against poliomyelitis (born 1914)
sallow	n.	any of several Old World shrubby broad-leaved willows having large catkins; some are important sources for tanbark and charcoal
sallow	v.	cause to become sallow
sallow	adj.	unhealthy looking
sallowness	n.	a sickly yellowish skin color
sally	n.	witty remark
sally	n.	a military action in which besieged troops burst forth from their position
sally	n.	a venture off the beaten path
salmon	n.	any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate from salt to fresh water to spawn
salmon	n.	a tributary of the Snake River in Idaho
salmon	n.	flesh of any of various marine or freshwater fish of the family Salmonidae
salmon	n.	a pale pinkish orange color
salmon	adj.	of orange tinged with pink
salmonella	n.	rod-shaped Gram-negative enterobacteria; cause typhoid fever and food poisoning; can be used as a bioweapon
salmonellae	n.	rod-shaped Gram-negative enterobacteria; cause typhoid fever and food poisoning; can be used as a bioweapon
salome	n.	woman whose dancing beguiled Herod into giving her the head of John the Baptist
salon	n.	gallery where works of art can be displayed
salon	n.	a shop where hairdressers and beauticians work
salon	n.	elegant sitting room where guests are received
salonika	n.	a port city in northeastern Greece on an inlet of the Aegean Sea; second largest city of Greece
saloon	n.	a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over a counter
saloon	n.	tavern consisting of a building with a bar and public rooms; often provides light meals
saloon	n.	a car that is closed and that has front and rear seats and two or four doors
salsa	n.	spicy sauce of tomatoes and onions and chili peppers to accompany Mexican foods
salt	n.	a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical that acts like a metal)
salt	n.	white crystalline form of especially sodium chloride used to season and preserve food
salt	n.	negotiations between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics opened in 1969 in Helsinki designed to limit both countries' stock of nuclear weapons
salt	n.	the taste experience when common salt is taken into the mouth
salt	v.	add salt to
salt	v.	sprinkle as if with salt
salt	v.	add zest or liveliness to
salt	v.	preserve with salt
salt	adj.	(of speech) painful or bitter; - Shakespeare
saltbox	n.	a type of house built in New England; has two stories in front and one behind
saltcellar	n.	a small container for holding salt at the dining table
salted	v.	add salt to
salted	v.	sprinkle as if with salt
salted	v.	add zest or liveliness to
salted	v.	preserve with salt
salted	adj.	(used especially of meats) preserved in salt
salter	n.	someone who uses salt to preserve meat or fish or other foods
salter	n.	someone who makes or deals in salt
saltine	n.	a cracker sprinkled with salt before baking
saltiness	n.	language or humor that is down-to-earth
saltiness	n.	the taste experience when common salt is taken into the mouth
saltiness	n.	the property of containing salt (as a compound or in solution)
saltpeter	n.	(KNO3) used especially as a fertilizer and explosive
saltshaker	n.	a shaker with a perforated top for sprinkling salt
saltwater	n.	water containing salts
salty	adj.	engagingly stimulating or provocative
salty	adj.	containing or filled with salt
salty	adj.	one of the four basic taste sensations; like the taste of sea water
salubrious	adj.	promoting health; healthful; ; ; ; ; - C.B.Davis
salubrious	adj.	favorable to health of mind or body
salutary	adj.	tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health
salutation	n.	an act of honor or courteous recognition
salutation	n.	(usually plural) an acknowledgment or expression of good will (especially on meeting)
salutation	n.	word of greeting used to begin a letter
salutatorian	n.	a graduating student with the second highest academic rank; may deliver the opening address at graduation exercises
salutatory	n.	an opening or welcoming statement (especially one delivered at graduation exercises)
salute	n.	an act of honor or courteous recognition
salute	n.	a formal military gesture of respect
salute	n.	an act of greeting with friendly words and gestures like bowing or lifting the hat
salute	v.	propose a toast to
salute	v.	greet in a friendly way
salute	v.	express commendation of
salute	v.	become noticeable
salute	v.	honor with a military ceremony, as when honoring dead soldiers
salute	v.	recognize with a gesture prescribed by a military regulation; assume a prescribed position
salvador	n.	a republic on the Pacific coast of Central America
salvadoran	n.	a native or inhabitant of El Salvador
salvadoran	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of El Salvador or its people
salvadorean	n.	a native or inhabitant of El Salvador
salvadorean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of El Salvador or its people
salvadorian	n.	a native or inhabitant of El Salvador
salvage	n.	property or goods saved from damage or destruction
salvage	n.	the act of saving goods or property that were in danger of damage or destruction
salvage	n.	the act of rescuing a ship or its crew or its cargo from a shipwreck or a fire
salvage	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
salvage	v.	collect discarded or refused material
salvageable	adj.	capable of being saved from ruin
salvation	n.	(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil
salvation	n.	a means of preserving from harm or unpleasantness
salvation	n.	the state of being saved or preserved from harm
salvation	n.	saving someone or something from harm or from an unpleasant situation
salve	n.	semisolid preparation (usually containing a medicine) applied externally as a remedy or for soothing an irritation
salve	n.	anything that remedies or heals or soothes
salve	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
salve	v.	apply a salve to, usually for the purpose of healing
salver	n.	a tray (or large plate) for serving food or drinks; usually made of silver
salvo	n.	an outburst resembling the discharge of firearms or the release of bombs
salvo	n.	rapid simultaneous discharge of firearms
salvo	n.	a sudden outburst of cheers
salyut	n.	either of two Soviet space stations launched in the 1970s
sam	n.	a guided missile fired from land or shipboard against an airborne target
samara	n.	a winged often one-seed indehiscent fruit as of the ash or elm or maple
samaritan	n.	a member of the people inhabiting Samaria in biblical times
samarium	n.	a grey lustrous metallic element of the rare earth group; is used in special alloys; occurs in monazite and bastnasite
samarkand	n.	city in southern Uzbekistan; Tamerlane's opulent capital in the 14th century
samba	n.	large west African tree having large palmately lobed leaves and axillary cymose panicles of small white flowers and one-winged seeds; yields soft white to pale yellow wood
samba	n.	music composed for dancing the samba
samba	n.	a lively ballroom dance from Brazil
samba	n.	a form of canasta using three decks of cards and six jokers
samba	v.	dance the samba
same	n.	a member of an indigenous nomadic people living in northern Scandinavia and herding reindeer
same	n.	the language of nomadic Lapps in northern Scandinavia and the Kola Peninsula
same	adj.	same in identity
same	adj.	closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity or degree
same	adj.	equal in amount or value
same	adj.	unchanged in character or nature
sameness	n.	the quality of being alike
sameness	n.	the quality of wearisome constancy, routine, and lack of variety
samizdat	n.	a system of clandestine printing and distribution of dissident or banned literature
samoa	n.	a constitutional monarchy on the western part of the islands of Samoa in the South Pacific
samoa	n.	a group of volcanic islands in the South Pacific midway between Hawaii and Australia; its climate and scenery and Polynesian culture make it a popular tourist stop
samoan	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Samoan Islands
samoan	adj.	of or relating to Samoa or its people or language or culture
samosa	n.	small turnover of Indian origin filled with vegetables or meat and fried and served hot
samovar	n.	a metal urn with a spigot at the base; used in Russia to boil water for tea
samoyed	n.	a Samoyedic-speaking person in northwestern Siberia
samoyed	n.	the Uralic languages spoken by the Samoyed in northwestern Siberia
samoyed	n.	Siberian breed of white or cream-colored dog of the spitz family
sampan	n.	an Asian skiff usually propelled by two oars
sample	n.	a small part of something intended as representative of the whole
sample	n.	items selected at random from a population and used to test hypotheses about the population
sample	n.	all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class
sample	v.	take a sample of
sampler	n.	an observation station that is set up to make sample observations of something
sampler	n.	someone who samples food or drink for its quality
sampler	n.	an assortment of various samples
sampler	n.	a piece of embroidery demonstrating skill with various stitches
sampling	n.	(statistics) the selection of a suitable sample for study
sampling	n.	items selected at random from a population and used to test hypotheses about the population
sampling	n.	measurement at regular intervals of the amplitude of a varying waveform (in order to convert it to digital form)
sampling	v.	take a sample of
samson	n.	(Old Testament) a judge of Israel who performed herculean feats of strength against the Philistines until he was betrayed to them by his mistress Delilah
samson	n.	a large and strong and heavyset man
samuel	n.	(Old Testament) Hebrew prophet and judge who anointed Saul as king
samurai	n.	a Japanese warrior who was a member of the feudal military aristocracy
samurai	n.	feudal Japanese military aristocracy
sana	n.	the capital and largest city of Yemen; on the central plateau
sanatorium	n.	a hospital for recuperation or for the treatment of chronic diseases
sanatorium	n.	pejorative terms for an insane asylum
sanchez	n.	Venezuelan master terrorist raised by a Marxist-Leninist father; trained and worked with many terrorist groups (born in 1949)
sanctification	n.	a religious ceremony in which something is made holy
sanctify	v.	render holy by means of religious rites
sanctify	v.	make pure or free from sin or guilt
sanctimonious	adj.	excessively or hypocritically pious
sanctimoniousness	n.	the quality of being hypocritically devout
sanctimony	n.	the quality of being hypocritically devout
sanction	n.	formal and explicit approval
sanction	n.	a mechanism of social control for enforcing a society's standards
sanction	n.	official permission or approval
sanction	n.	the act of final authorization
sanction	v.	give sanction to
sanction	v.	give authority or permission to
sanction	v.	give religious sanction to, such as through on oath
sanctioned	v.	give sanction to
sanctioned	v.	give authority or permission to
sanctioned	v.	give religious sanction to, such as through on oath
sanctioned	adj.	conforming to orthodox or recognized rules; - Sinclair Lewis
sanctioned	adj.	formally approved and invested with legal authority
sanctioned	adj.	established by authority; given authoritative approval
sanctity	n.	the quality of being holy
sanctuary	n.	a consecrated place where sacred objects are kept
sanctuary	n.	a shelter from danger or hardship
sanctuary	n.	area around the altar of a church for the clergy and choir; often enclosed by a lattice or railing
sanctum	n.	a place of inviolable privacy
sanctum	n.	a sacred place of pilgrimage
sand	n.	a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral
sand	n.	French writer known for works concerning women's rights and independence (1804-1876)
sand	n.	fortitude and determination
sand	v.	rub with sandpaper
sandal	n.	a shoe consisting of a sole fastened by straps to the foot
sandalwood	n.	close-grained fragrant yellowish heartwood of the true sandalwood; has insect repelling properties and is used for carving and cabinetwork
sandbag	n.	a bag filled with sand; used as a weapon or to build walls or as ballast
sandbag	v.	treat harshly or unfairly
sandbag	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
sandbag	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
sandbag	v.	downplay one's ability (towards others) in a game in order to deceive, as in gambling
sandbag	v.	protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up
sandbagged	v.	treat harshly or unfairly
sandbagged	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
sandbagged	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
sandbagged	v.	downplay one's ability (towards others) in a game in order to deceive, as in gambling
sandbagged	v.	protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up
sandbagger	n.	someone who deceives you about his true nature or intent in order to take advantage of you
sandbagging	v.	treat harshly or unfairly
sandbagging	v.	compel by coercion, threats, or crude means
sandbagging	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
sandbagging	v.	downplay one's ability (towards others) in a game in order to deceive, as in gambling
sandbagging	v.	protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up
sandbank	n.	a submerged bank of sand near a shore or in a river; can be exposed at low tide
sandbar	n.	a bar of sand
sandblast	n.	a blast of wind laden with sand
sandblast	v.	grind with a sandblast
sandblaster	n.	a tool that throws out a blast of steam laden with sand; used to clean or grind hard surfaces
sandbox	n.	mold consisting of a box with sand shaped to mold metal
sandbox	n.	a plaything consisting of a pile of sand or a box filled with sand for children to play in
sandburg	n.	United States writer remembered for his poetry in free verse and his six volume biography of Abraham Lincoln (1878-1967)
sander	n.	a power tool used for sanding wood; an endless loop of sandpaper is moved at high speed by an electric motor
sanders	n.	a power tool used for sanding wood; an endless loop of sandpaper is moved at high speed by an electric motor
sandiness	n.	a texture resembling that of sand
sandlot	n.	a vacant lot used by city boys to play games
sandman	n.	an elf in fairy stories who sprinkles sand in children's eyes to make them sleepy
sandmen	n.	an elf in fairy stories who sprinkles sand in children's eyes to make them sleepy
sandpaper	n.	stiff paper coated with powdered emery or sand
sandpaper	v.	rub with sandpaper
sandpiper	n.	any of numerous usually small wading birds having a slender bill and piping call; closely related to the plovers
sandpit	n.	a large pit in sandy ground from which sand is dug
sandpit	n.	a plaything consisting of a pile of sand or a box filled with sand for children to play in
sandstone	n.	a sedimentary rock consisting of sand consolidated with some cement (clay or quartz etc.)
sandstorm	n.	a windstorm that lifts up clouds of dust or sand
sandwich	n.	two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them
sandwich	v.	make into a sandwich
sandwich	v.	insert or squeeze tightly between two people or objects
sandy	adj.	of hair color; pale yellowish to yellowish brown
sandy	adj.	resembling or containing or abounding in sand; or growing in sandy areas
sane	adj.	mentally healthy; free from mental disorder
sane	adj.	marked by sound judgment
saneness	n.	normal or sound powers of mind
sang	n.	North American woodland herb similar to and used as substitute for the Chinese ginseng
sang	v.	deliver by singing
sang	v.	produce tones with the voice
sang	v.	to make melodious sounds
sang	v.	make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound
sang	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
sanger	n.	English biochemist who determined the sequence of amino acids in insulin and who invented a technique to determine the genetic sequence of an organism (born in 1918)
sanger	n.	United States nurse who campaigned for birth control and planned parenthood; she challenged Gregory Pincus to develop a birth control pill (1883-1966)
sangria	n.	sweetened red wine and orange or lemon juice with soda water
sanguinary	adj.	accompanied by bloodshed
sanguinary	adj.	marked by eagerness to resort to violence and bloodshed; ; ; -G.W.Johnson
sanguine	n.	a blood-red color
sanguine	adj.	confidently optimistic and cheerful
sanguine	adj.	inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life
sanhedrin	n.	the supreme judicial and ecclesiastical council of ancient Jerusalem
sanitarium	n.	a hospital for recuperation or for the treatment of chronic diseases
sanitary	adj.	free from filth and pathogens
sanitation	n.	the state of being clean and conducive to health
sanitation	n.	making something sanitary (free of germs) as by sterilizing
sanitize	v.	make sanitary by cleaning or sterilizing
sanitize	v.	make less offensive or more acceptable by removing objectionable features
sanity	n.	normal or sound powers of mind
sank	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
sank	v.	cause to sink
sank	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
sank	v.	go under,
sank	v.	descend into or as if into some soft substance or place
sank	v.	appear to move downward
sank	v.	fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly
sank	v.	fall or sink heavily
sank	v.	embed deeply
sanskrit	n.	(Hinduism) an ancient language of India (the language of the Vedas and of Hinduism); an official language of India although it is now used only for religious purposes
santa	n.	the legendary patron saint of children; an imaginary being who is thought to bring presents to children at Christmas
santiago	n.	city in the northern Dominican Republic
santiago	n.	a port city in southeastern Cuba; industrial center
santiago	n.	the capital and largest city of Chile; located in central Chile; one of the largest cities in South America
santiago	n.	a naval battle in the Spanish-American War (1898); the United States fleet bottled up the Spanish ships in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba and destroyed them when they tried to escape
santos	n.	a port city in southwestern Brazil on an offshore island near Sao Paulo
sap	n.	a watery solution of sugars, salts, and minerals that circulates through the vascular system of a plant
sap	n.	a person who lacks good judgment
sap	n.	a piece of metal covered by leather with a flexible handle; used for hitting people
sap	v.	deplete
sap	v.	excavate the earth beneath
sapience	n.	ability to apply knowledge or experience or understanding or common sense and insight
sapiens	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Homo sapiens
sapient	adj.	acutely insightful and wise
sapless	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
sapless	adj.	destitute of sap and other vital juices; dry; - Norman Mailer
sapling	n.	young tree
sapped	v.	deplete
sapped	v.	excavate the earth beneath
sapper	n.	a military engineer who lays or detects and disarms mines
sapper	n.	a military engineer who does sapping (digging trenches or undermining fortifications)
sapphire	n.	a precious transparent stone of rich blue corundum valued as a gemstone
sapphire	n.	a transparent piece of sapphire that has been cut and polished and is valued as a precious gem
sapphire	n.	a light shade of blue
sapphire	adj.	of something having the color of a blue sapphire
sappho	n.	the Greek lyric poet of Lesbos; much admired although only fragments of her poetry have been preserved (6th century BC)
sapping	v.	deplete
sapping	v.	excavate the earth beneath
sapporo	n.	a commercial city in northern Japan on western Hokkaido
sappy	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
sappy	adj.	abounding in sap
saprophyte	n.	an organism that feeds on dead organic matter especially a fungus or bacterium
saprophytic	adj.	obtaining food osmotically from dissolved organic material
saprophytic	adj.	(of some plants or fungi) feeding on dead or decaying organic matter
sapsucker	n.	small American woodpecker that feeds on sap from e.g. apple and maple trees
sapwood	n.	newly formed outer wood lying between the cambium and the heartwood of a tree or woody plant; usually light colored; active in water conduction
saracen	n.	(historically) a member of the nomadic people of the Syrian and Arabian deserts at the time of the Roman Empire
saracen	n.	(when used broadly) any Arab
saracen	n.	(historically) a Muslim who opposed the Crusades
saragossa	n.	an ancient city on the Ebro River in northeastern Spain; formerly the capital of Aragon
sarah	n.	(Old Testament) the wife of Abraham and mother of Isaac
sarajevo	n.	capital and largest city of Bosnia; scene of the assassination of Francis Ferdinand in 1914 which precipitated World War I
saran	n.	any of various thermoplastic resins used to make things
sarasota	n.	a town in west central Florida on the Gulf of Mexico
saratov	n.	an industrial city in the European part of Russia
sarawak	n.	a region of Malaysia on northwestern Borneo
sarcasm	n.	witty language used to convey insults or scorn; ; ; --Jonathan Swift
sarcastic	adj.	expressing or expressive of ridicule that wounds
sarcastically	adv.	in a sarcastic manner
sarcoma	n.	a usually malignant tumor arising from connective tissue (bone or muscle etc.); one of the four major types of cancer
sarcophagi	n.	a stone coffin (usually bearing sculpture or inscriptions)
sarcophagus	n.	a stone coffin (usually bearing sculpture or inscriptions)
sardine	n.	small fatty fish usually canned
sardine	n.	any of various small edible herring or related food fishes frequently canned
sardine	n.	a deep orange-red variety of chalcedony
sardine	n.	small fishes found in great schools along coasts of Europe; smaller and rounder than herring
sardinia	n.	the Italian region on the island of Sardinia; the kingdom of Sardinia was the nucleus for uniting Italy during the 19th century
sardinia	n.	an island in the Mediterranean to the west of Italy
sardonic	adj.	disdainfully or ironically humorous; scornful and mocking; - Frank Schoenberner; - Irwin Edman
sardonically	adv.	in a sarcastic manner
sargasso	n.	brown algae with rounded bladders forming dense floating masses in tropical Atlantic waters as in the Sargasso Sea
sargent	n.	United States painter (born in Italy) known for his society portraits (1856-1925)
sari	n.	a dress worn primarily by Hindu women; consists of several yards of light material that is draped around the body
sarnoff	n.	United States businessman who pioneered in radio and television broadcasting (1891-1971)
sarong	n.	a loose skirt consisting of brightly colored fabric wrapped around the body; worn by both women and men in the South Pacific
saroyan	n.	United States writer of plays and short stories (1908-1981)
sars	n.	a respiratory disease of unknown etiology that apparently originated in mainland China in 2003; characterized by fever and coughing or difficulty breathing or hypoxia; can be fatal
sarsaparilla	n.	any of various prickly climbing plants of the tropical American genus Smilax having aromatic roots and heart-shaped leaves
sarsaparilla	n.	carbonated drink flavored with an extract from sarsaparilla root or with birch oil and sassafras
sartorial	adj.	of or relating to the sartorius muscle
sartorial	adj.	of or relating to a tailor or to tailoring
sartre	n.	French writer and existentialist philosopher (1905-1980)
sash	n.	a framework that holds the panes of a window in the window frame
sash	n.	a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers
sashay	n.	a square dance figure; partners circle each other taking sideways steps
sashay	n.	(ballet) quick gliding steps with one foot always leading
sashay	n.	a journey taken for pleasure
sashay	v.	move sideways
sashay	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
sashay	v.	perform a chasse step, in ballet
saskatchewan	n.	one of the three prairie provinces in west central Canada
saskatoon	n.	a city in central Saskatchewan; the largest city in the province
saskatoon	n.	edible purple or red berries
sasquatch	n.	large hairy humanoid creature said to live in wilderness areas of the United States and Canada
sass	n.	an impudent or insolent rejoinder
sass	n.	a specialist regiment of the British army that is trained in commando techniques of warfare and used in clandestine operations (especially against terrorist groups)
sass	v.	answer back in an impudent or insolent manner
sassafras	n.	yellowwood tree with brittle wood and aromatic leaves and bark; source of sassafras oil; widely distributed in eastern North America
sassafras	n.	dried root bark of the sassafras tree
sassy	adj.	improperly forward or bold
sat	n.	the seventh and last day of the week; observed as the Sabbath by Jews and some Christians
sat	v.	be seated
sat	v.	be around, often idly or without specific purpose
sat	v.	take a seat
sat	v.	be in session
sat	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
sat	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
sat	v.	be located or situated somewhere
sat	v.	work or act as a baby-sitter
sat	v.	show to a seat; assign a seat for
sat	v.	serve in a specific professional capacity
satan	n.	(Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of God; tempter of mankind; master of Hell
satanic	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
satanic	adj.	of or relating to Satan
satanism	n.	a belief in and reverence for devils (especially Satan)
satanist	n.	an adherent of Satan or Satanism
satchel	n.	luggage consisting of a small case with a flat bottom and (usually) a shoulder strap
sate	v.	fill to satisfaction
sateen	n.	a cotton fabric with a satiny finish
satellite	n.	man-made equipment that orbits around the earth or the moon
satellite	n.	a person who follows or serves another
satellite	n.	any celestial body orbiting around a planet or star
satellite	v.	broadcast or disseminate via satellite
satellite	adj.	surrounding and dominated by a central authority or power
satiable	adj.	capable of being sated
satiate	v.	fill to satisfaction
satiate	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
satiate	adj.	supplied (especially fed) to satisfaction
satiation	n.	the state of being satisfactorily full and unable to take on more
satiation	n.	the act of achieving full gratification
satiety	n.	the state of being satisfactorily full and unable to take on more
satin	n.	a smooth fabric of silk or rayon; has a glossy face and a dull back
satinwood	n.	West Indian tree with smooth lustrous and slightly oily wood
satinwood	n.	hard yellowish wood of a satinwood tree having a satiny luster; used for fine cabinetwork and tools
satinwood	n.	East Indian tree with valuable hard lustrous yellowish wood
satiny	adj.	having a smooth, gleaming surface reflecting light
satire	n.	witty language used to convey insults or scorn; ; ; --Jonathan Swift
satiric	adj.	exposing human folly to ridicule
satirical	adj.	exposing human folly to ridicule
satirist	n.	a humorist who uses ridicule and irony and sarcasm
satirize	v.	ridicule with satire
satisfaction	n.	the contentment one feels when one has fulfilled a desire, need, or expectation
satisfaction	n.	state of being gratified or satisfied
satisfaction	n.	compensation for a wrong
satisfaction	n.	(law) the payment of a debt or fulfillment of an obligation
satisfaction	n.	act of fulfilling a desire or need or appetite
satisfactions	n.	the contentment one feels when one has fulfilled a desire, need, or expectation
satisfactions	n.	state of being gratified or satisfied
satisfactions	n.	compensation for a wrong
satisfactions	n.	(law) the payment of a debt or fulfillment of an obligation
satisfactions	n.	act of fulfilling a desire or need or appetite
satisfactorily	adv.	in a satisfactory manner
satisfactory	adj.	giving satisfaction
satisfactory	adj.	meeting requirements
satisfied	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
satisfied	v.	make happy or satisfied
satisfied	v.	fill or meet a want or need
satisfied	adj.	filled with satisfaction
satisfied	adj.	allayed
satisfy	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
satisfy	v.	make happy or satisfied
satisfy	v.	fill or meet a want or need
satisfying	v.	meet the requirements or expectations of
satisfying	v.	make happy or satisfied
satisfying	v.	fill or meet a want or need
satisfying	adj.	providing abundant nourishment
satisfying	adj.	providing freedom from worry
satisfyingly	adv.	in a gratifying manner
satori	n.	(Zen Buddhism) a state of sudden spiritual enlightenment
satrap	n.	a governor of a province in ancient Persia
satsuma	n.	a variety of mandarin orange
satsuma	n.	medium-sized largely seedless mandarin orange with thin smooth skin
saturate	v.	cause (a chemical compound, vapour, solution, magnetic material) to unite with the greatest possible amount of another substance
saturate	v.	infuse or fill completely
saturated	v.	cause (a chemical compound, vapour, solution, magnetic material) to unite with the greatest possible amount of another substance
saturated	v.	infuse or fill completely
saturated	adj.	being the most concentrated solution possible at a given temperature; unable to dissolve still more of a substance
saturated	adj.	used especially of organic compounds; having all available valence bonds filled
saturated	adj.	(of color) being chromatically pure; not diluted with white or grey or black
saturation	n.	the process of totally saturating something with a substance
saturation	n.	the act of soaking thoroughly with a liquid
saturation	n.	a condition in which a quantity no longer responds to some external influence
saturation	n.	chromatic purity: freedom from dilution with white and hence vivid in hue
saturday	n.	the seventh and last day of the week; observed as the Sabbath by Jews and some Christians
saturn	n.	a giant planet that is surrounded by three planar concentric rings of ice particles; the 6th planet from the sun
saturn	n.	(Roman mythology) god of agriculture and vegetation; counterpart of Greek Cronus
saturnalia	n.	an orgiastic festival in ancient Rome in honor of Saturn
saturnalia	n.	a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity
saturnine	adj.	bitter or scornful; - Oscar Wilde
saturnine	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
satyr	n.	man with strong sexual desires
satyr	n.	one of a class of woodland deities; attendant on Bacchus; identified with Roman fauns
satyriasis	n.	abnormally intense sexual desire in men
satyric	adj.	of or relating to or having the characteristics of a satyr
sauce	n.	flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food
sauce	v.	behave saucily or impudently towards
sauce	v.	dress (food) with a relish
sauce	v.	add zest or flavor to, make more interesting
saucepan	n.	a deep pan with a handle; used for stewing or boiling
saucer	n.	something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate
saucer	n.	a small shallow dish for holding a cup at the table
saucer	n.	directional antenna consisting of a parabolic reflector for microwave or radio frequency radiation
saucer	n.	a disk used in throwing competitions
saucily	adv.	in an impudent or impertinent manner
sauciness	n.	inappropriate playfulness
saucy	adj.	characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality
saucy	adj.	improperly forward or bold
saudi	n.	a native or inhabitant of Saudi Arabia
saudi	adj.	of or relating to Saudi Arabia or its people
sauerkraut	n.	shredded cabbage fermented in brine
saul	n.	(Old Testament) the first king of the Israelites who defended Israel against many enemies (especially the Philistines)
saul	n.	(New Testament) a Christian missionary to the Gentiles; author of several Epistles in the New Testament; even though Paul was not present at the Last Supper he is considered an Apostle
sauna	n.	a Finnish steam bath; steam is produced by pouring water over heated rocks
saunter	n.	a careless leisurely gait
saunter	n.	a leisurely walk (usually in some public place)
saunter	v.	walk leisurely and with no apparent aim
saurian	n.	any of various reptiles of the suborder Sauria which includes lizards; in former classifications included also the crocodiles and dinosaurs
saurian	adj.	of or relating to lizards
sauropod	n.	very large herbivorous dinosaur of the Jurassic and Cretaceous having a small head a long neck and tail and five-toed limbs; largest known land animal
sausage	n.	highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings
sausage	n.	a small nonrigid airship used for observation or as a barrage balloon
saussure	n.	Swiss linguist and expert in historical linguistics whose lectures laid the foundations for synchronic linguistics (1857-1913)
saute	n.	a dish of sauteed food
saute	v.	fry briefly over high heat
saute	adj.	fried quickly in a little fat
sauteed	v.	fry briefly over high heat
sauteed	adj.	fried quickly in a little fat
sauteing	n.	cooking in fat or oil in a pan or griddle
sauteing	v.	fry briefly over high heat
sauternes	n.	semisweet golden-colored table or dessert wine from around Bordeaux in France; similar wine from California
savage	n.	a member of an uncivilized people
savage	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
savage	v.	attack brutally and fiercely
savage	v.	criticize harshly or violently
savage	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
savage	adj.	wild and menacing
savage	adj.	without civilizing influences; ; ; ; -Margaret Meade
savage	adj.	marked by extreme and violent energy
savageness	n.	the property of being untamed and ferocious
savagery	n.	the property of being untamed and ferocious
savagery	n.	the trait of extreme cruelty
savagery	n.	a brutal barbarous savage act
savanna	n.	a flat grassland in tropical or subtropical regions
savannah	n.	a port in eastern Georgia near the mouth of the Savannah river
savannah	n.	a river in South Carolina that flows southeast to the Atlantic
savannah	n.	a flat grassland in tropical or subtropical regions
savant	n.	someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field
save	n.	(sports) the act of preventing the opposition from scoring
save	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
save	v.	to keep up and reserve for personal or special use
save	v.	bring into safety
save	v.	spend less; buy at a reduced price
save	v.	accumulate money for future use
save	v.	make unnecessary an expenditure or effort
save	v.	save from sins
save	v.	refrain from harming
save	v.	spend sparingly, avoid the waste of
save	v.	retain rights to
save	v.	record data on a computer
saved	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
saved	v.	to keep up and reserve for personal or special use
saved	v.	bring into safety
saved	v.	spend less; buy at a reduced price
saved	v.	accumulate money for future use
saved	v.	make unnecessary an expenditure or effort
saved	v.	save from sins
saved	v.	refrain from harming
saved	v.	spend sparingly, avoid the waste of
saved	v.	retain rights to
saved	v.	record data on a computer
saved	adj.	rescued; especially from the power and consequences of sin
saved	adj.	guarded from injury or destruction
saver	n.	someone who saves something from danger or violence
saver	n.	someone who saves (especially money)
saving	n.	an act of economizing; reduction in cost
saving	n.	recovery or preservation from loss or danger
saving	n.	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger
saving	v.	save from ruin, destruction, or harm
saving	v.	to keep up and reserve for personal or special use
saving	v.	bring into safety
saving	v.	spend less; buy at a reduced price
saving	v.	accumulate money for future use
saving	v.	make unnecessary an expenditure or effort
saving	v.	save from sins
saving	v.	refrain from harming
saving	v.	spend sparingly, avoid the waste of
saving	v.	retain rights to
saving	v.	record data on a computer
saving	adj.	bringing about salvation or redemption from sin
saving	adj.	characterized by thriftiness; - Ellen Glasgow
savings	n.	a fund of money put by as a reserve
savings	n.	an act of economizing; reduction in cost
savings	n.	recovery or preservation from loss or danger
savings	n.	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger
savior	n.	a teacher and prophet born in Bethlehem and active in Nazareth; his life and sermons form the basis for Christianity (circa 4 BC - AD 29)
savior	n.	a person who rescues you from harm or danger
savonarola	n.	Italian religious and political reformer; a Dominican friar in Florence who preached against sin and corruption and gained a large following; he expelled the Medici from Florence but was later excommunicated and executed for criticizing the Pope (1452-1498)
savor	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
savor	v.	derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in
savor	v.	have flavor; taste of something
savor	v.	taste appreciatively
savor	v.	give taste to
savoriness	n.	having an appetizing flavor
savory	n.	any of several aromatic herbs or subshrubs of the genus Satureja having spikes of flowers attractive to bees
savory	n.	dwarf aromatic shrub of Mediterranean regions
savory	n.	either of two aromatic herbs of the mint family
savory	n.	an aromatic or spicy dish served at the end of dinner or as an hors d'oeuvre
savory	adj.	morally wholesome or acceptable
savory	adj.	having an agreeably pungent taste
savory	adj.	pleasing to the sense of taste
savoy	n.	a geographical region of historical importance; a former duchy in what is now southwestern France, western Switzerland, and northwestern Italy
savoy	n.	head of soft crinkly leaves
savoyard	n.	a person who performs in the operettas of Gilbert and Sullivan
savoyard	n.	a resident of Savoy
savvy	n.	the cognitive condition of someone who understands
savvy	v.	get the meaning of something
saw	n.	a condensed but memorable saying embodying some important fact of experience that is taken as true by many people
saw	n.	hand tool having a toothed blade for cutting
saw	n.	a power tool for cutting wood
saw	v.	cut with a saw
saw	v.	perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight
saw	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
saw	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
saw	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
saw	v.	deem to be
saw	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
saw	v.	see or watch
saw	v.	come together
saw	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
saw	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
saw	v.	go to see for professional or business reasons
saw	v.	go to see for a social visit
saw	v.	go to see a place, as for entertainment
saw	v.	take charge of or deal with
saw	v.	receive as a specified guest
saw	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
saw	v.	see and understand, have a good eye
saw	v.	deliberate or decide
saw	v.	observe as if with an eye
saw	v.	observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect
saw	v.	go or live through
saw	v.	accompany or escort
saw	v.	match or meet
saw	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
sawbones	n.	a physician who specializes in surgery
sawbuck	n.	a framework for holding wood that is being sawed
sawdust	n.	fine particles of wood made by sawing wood
sawfly	n.	insect whose female has a saw-like ovipositor for inserting eggs into the leaf or stem tissue of a host plant
sawhorse	n.	a framework for holding wood that is being sawed
sawmill	n.	a large sawing machine
sawmill	n.	a mill for dressing logs and lumber
sawyer	n.	one who is employed to saw wood
sawyer	n.	any of several beetles whose larvae bore holes in dead or dying trees especially conifers
sax	n.	a Belgian maker of musical instruments who invented the saxophone (1814-1894)
sax	n.	a single-reed woodwind with a conical bore
saxifrage	n.	any of various plants of the genus Saxifraga
saxon	n.	a member of a Germanic people who conquered England and merged with the Angles and Jutes to become Anglo-Saxons; dominant in England until the Norman Conquest
saxon	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the early Saxons or Anglo-Saxons and their descendents (especially the English or Lowland Scots) and their language
saxony	n.	an area in Germany around the upper Elbe river; the original home of the Saxons
saxophone	n.	a single-reed woodwind with a conical bore
saxophonist	n.	a musician who plays the saxophone
say	n.	the chance to speak
say	v.	express in words
say	v.	report or maintain
say	v.	express a supposition
say	v.	have or contain a certain wording or form
say	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
say	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
say	v.	communicate or express nonverbally
say	v.	utter aloud
say	v.	state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
say	v.	recite or repeat a fixed text
say	v.	indicate
sayers	n.	English writer of detective fiction (1893-1957)
saying	n.	a word or phrase that particular people use in particular situations
saying	v.	express in words
saying	v.	report or maintain
saying	v.	express a supposition
saying	v.	have or contain a certain wording or form
saying	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
saying	v.	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
saying	v.	communicate or express nonverbally
saying	v.	utter aloud
saying	v.	state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
saying	v.	recite or repeat a fixed text
saying	v.	indicate
sb	n.	a metallic element having four allotropic forms; used in a wide variety of alloys; found in stibnite
sb	n.	a bachelor's degree in science
sba	n.	an independent agency of the United States government that protects the interests of small businesses and ensures that they receive a fair share of government contracts
sc	n.	a white trivalent metallic element; sometimes classified in the rare earth group; occurs in the Scandinavian mineral thortveitite
sc	n.	a state in the Deep South; one of the original 13 colonies
sc	n.	a permanent council of the United Nations; responsible for preserving world peace
scab	n.	someone who works (or provides workers) during a strike
scab	n.	the crustlike surface of a healing skin lesion
scab	v.	form a scab
scab	v.	take the place of work of someone on strike
scabbard	n.	a sheath for a sword or dagger or bayonet
scabby	adj.	covered with scabs
scabies	n.	a contagious skin infection caused by the itch mite; characterized by persistent itching and skin irritation
scabrous	adj.	rough to the touch; covered with scales or scurf
scabrous	adj.	dealing with salacious or indecent material
scad	n.	any of a number of fishes of the family Carangidae
scaffold	n.	a platform from which criminals are executed (hanged or beheaded)
scaffold	n.	a temporary arrangement erected around a building for convenience of workers
scaffold	v.	provide with a scaffold for support
scaffolding	n.	a system of scaffolds
scaffolding	v.	provide with a scaffold for support
scag	n.	street names for heroin
scalability	n.	the quality of being scalable
scalar	n.	a variable quantity that cannot be resolved into components
scalar	adj.	of or relating to a musical scale
scalar	adj.	of or relating to a directionless magnitude (such as mass or speed etc.) that is completely specified by its magnitude
scalawag	n.	a white Southerner who supported Reconstruction policies after the American Civil War (usually for self-interest)
scalawag	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
scalawag	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
scald	n.	a burn cause by hot liquid or steam
scald	n.	the act of burning with steam or hot water
scald	v.	subject to harsh criticism
scald	v.	treat with boiling water
scald	v.	heat to the boiling point
scald	v.	burn with a hot liquid or steam
scale	n.	an ordered reference standard
scale	n.	relative magnitude
scale	n.	the ratio between the size of something and a representation of it
scale	n.	a specialized leaf or bract that protects a bud or catkin
scale	n.	a thin flake of dead epidermis shed from the surface of the skin
scale	n.	(music) a series of notes differing in pitch according to a specific scheme (usually within an octave)
scale	n.	a measuring instrument for weighing; shows amount of mass
scale	n.	an indicator having a graduated sequence of marks
scale	n.	a metal sheathing of uniform thickness (such as the shield attached to an artillery piece to protect the gunners)
scale	n.	a flattened rigid plate forming part of the body covering of many animals
scale	v.	measure by or as if by a scale
scale	v.	pattern, make, regulate, set, measure, or estimate according to some rate or standard
scale	v.	take by attacking with scaling ladders
scale	v.	reach the highest point of
scale	v.	climb up by means of a ladder
scale	v.	remove the scales from
scale	v.	measure with or as if with scales
scale	v.	size or measure according to a scale
scaleless	adj.	destitute of scales
scalene	adj.	of a triangle having three sides of different lengths
scalene	adj.	of or relating to any of the scalene muscles
scaliness	n.	the property of being scaly
scallion	n.	plant having a large slender white bulb and flat overlapping dark green leaves; used in cooking; believed derived from the wild Allium ampeloprasum
scallion	n.	a young onion before the bulb has enlarged; eaten in salads
scallop	n.	one of a series of rounded projections (or the notches between them) formed by curves along an edge (as the edge of a leaf or piece of cloth or the margin of a shell or a shriveled red blood cell observed in a hypertonic solution etc.)
scallop	n.	edible muscle of mollusks having fan-shaped shells; served broiled or poached or in salads or cream sauces
scallop	n.	thin slice of meat (especially veal) usually fried or broiled
scallop	n.	edible marine bivalve having a fluted fan-shaped shell that swim by expelling water from the shell in a series of snapping motions
scallop	v.	decorate an edge with scallops
scallop	v.	bake in a sauce, milk, etc., often with breadcrumbs on top
scallop	v.	form scallops in
scallop	v.	fish for scallops
scallop	v.	shape or cut in scallops
scalp	n.	the skin that covers the top of the head
scalp	v.	sell illegally, as on the black market
scalp	v.	remove the scalp of
scalpel	n.	a thin straight surgical knife used in dissection and surgery
scalper	n.	someone who buys something and resells it at a price far above the initial cost
scaly	adj.	rough to the touch; covered with scales or scurf
scaly	adj.	having the body covered or partially covered with thin horny plates, as some fish and reptiles
scam	n.	a fraudulent business scheme
scam	v.	deprive of by deceit
scammer	n.	a person who swindles you by means of deception or fraud
scamp	n.	one who is playfully mischievous
scamp	v.	perform hastily and carelessly
scamper	n.	rushing about hastily in an undignified way
scamper	v.	to move about or proceed hurriedly
scampi	n.	large shrimp sauteed in oil or butter and garlic
scan	n.	the act of scanning; systematic examination of a prescribed region
scan	n.	an image produced by scanning
scan	v.	examine minutely or intensely
scan	v.	examine hastily
scan	v.	make a wide, sweeping search of
scan	v.	conform to a metrical pattern
scan	v.	move a light beam over; in electronics, to reproduce an image
scan	v.	read metrically
scan	v.	obtain data from magnetic tapes
scandal	n.	disgraceful gossip about the private lives of other people
scandal	n.	a disgraceful event
scandalize	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
scandalmonger	n.	a person who spreads malicious gossip
scandalous	adj.	giving offense to moral sensibilities and injurious to reputation; ; - Thackeray
scandinavia	n.	the peninsula in northern Europe occupied by Norway and Sweden
scandinavia	n.	a group of culturally related countries in northern Europe; Finland and Iceland are sometimes considered Scandinavian
scandinavian	n.	an inhabitant of Scandinavia
scandinavian	n.	the northern family of Germanic languages that are spoken in Scandinavia and Iceland
scandinavian	adj.	of or relating to Scandinavia or its peoples or cultures
scandium	n.	a white trivalent metallic element; sometimes classified in the rare earth group; occurs in the Scandinavian mineral thortveitite
scanned	v.	examine minutely or intensely
scanned	v.	examine hastily
scanned	v.	make a wide, sweeping search of
scanned	v.	conform to a metrical pattern
scanned	v.	move a light beam over; in electronics, to reproduce an image
scanned	v.	read metrically
scanned	v.	obtain data from magnetic tapes
scanner	n.	someone who scans verse to determine the number and prosodic value of the syllables
scanner	n.	an electronic device that generates a digital representation of an image for data input to a computer
scanner	n.	a radar dish that rotates or oscillates in order to scan a broad area
scanner	n.	a radio receiver that moves automatically across some selected range of frequencies looking for some signal or condition
scanning	n.	the process of translating photographs into a digital form that can be recognized by a computer
scanning	n.	the act of systematically moving a finely focused beam of light or electrons over a surface in order to produce an image of it for analysis or transmission
scanning	v.	examine minutely or intensely
scanning	v.	examine hastily
scanning	v.	make a wide, sweeping search of
scanning	v.	conform to a metrical pattern
scanning	v.	move a light beam over; in electronics, to reproduce an image
scanning	v.	read metrically
scanning	v.	obtain data from magnetic tapes
scansion	n.	analysis of verse into metrical patterns
scant	v.	work hastily or carelessly; deal with inadequately and superficially
scant	v.	limit in quality or quantity
scant	v.	supply sparingly and with restricted quantities
scant	adj.	less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so
scanter	adj.	less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so
scantily	adv.	in a sparse or scanty way
scantiness	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
scantness	n.	the quality of being meager; -George Eliot
scanty	n.	short underpants for women or children (usually used in the plural)
scanty	adj.	lacking in amplitude or quantity
scapegoat	n.	someone who is punished for the errors of others
scapegrace	n.	a reckless and unprincipled reprobate
scapula	n.	either of two flat triangular bones one on each side of the shoulder in human beings
scapulae	n.	either of two flat triangular bones one on each side of the shoulder in human beings
scapular	n.	a feather covering the shoulder of a bird
scapular	n.	garment consisting of a long wide piece of woolen cloth worn over the shoulders with an opening for the head; part of a monastic habit
scapular	adj.	relating to or near the shoulder blade
scar	n.	a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue
scar	n.	an indication of damage
scar	v.	mark with a scar
scarab	n.	scarabaeid beetle considered divine by ancient Egyptians
scaramouch	n.	a stock character in commedia dell'arte depicted as a boastful coward
scarce	adj.	deficient in quantity or number compared with the demand
scarce	adv.	only a very short time before; ; ; ; ; - W.B.Yeats
scarceness	n.	a small and inadequate amount
scarcity	n.	a small and inadequate amount
scare	n.	sudden mass fear and anxiety over anticipated events
scare	n.	a sudden attack of fear
scare	v.	cause fear in
scare	v.	cause to lose courage
scarecrow	n.	an effigy in the shape of a man to frighten birds away from seeds
scaremonger	n.	a person who spreads frightening rumors and stirs up trouble
scarf	n.	a garment worn around the head or neck or shoulders for warmth or decoration
scarf	n.	a joint made by notching the ends of two pieces of timber or metal so that they will lock together end-to-end
scarf	v.	masturbate while strangling oneself
scarf	v.	unite by a scarf joint
scarf	v.	wrap in or adorn with a scarf
scarify	v.	puncture and scar (the skin), as for purposes or tribal identification or rituals
scarify	v.	scratch the surface of
scarify	v.	break up
scarily	adv.	in an alarming manner
scarlatina	n.	an acute communicable disease (usually in children) characterized by fever and a red rash
scarlet	n.	a variable color that is vivid red but sometimes with an orange tinge
scarlet	adj.	of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies
scarp	n.	a long steep slope or cliff at the edge of a plateau or ridge; usually formed by erosion
scarp	n.	a steep artificial slope in front of a fortification
scarper	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
scarred	v.	mark with a scar
scarred	adj.	deeply affected or marked by mental or physical pain or injury
scarred	adj.	blemished by injury or rough wear
scarring	v.	mark with a scar
scarves	n.	a garment worn around the head or neck or shoulders for warmth or decoration
scarves	n.	a joint made by notching the ends of two pieces of timber or metal so that they will lock together end-to-end
scary	adj.	provoking fear terror
scat	n.	singing jazz; the singer substitutes nonsense syllables for the words of the song and tries to sound like a musical instrument
scat	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
scathing	adj.	marked by harshly abusive criticism
scatological	adj.	dealing pruriently with excrement and excretory functions
scatology	n.	a preoccupation with obscenity (especially that dealing with excrement or excretory functions)
scatology	n.	(medicine) the chemical analysis of excrement (for medical diagnosis or for paleontological purposes)
scatted	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
scatter	n.	a haphazard distribution in all directions
scatter	n.	the act of scattering
scatter	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
scatter	v.	move away from each other
scatter	v.	distribute loosely
scatter	v.	sow by scattering
scatter	v.	cause to separate
scatter	v.	strew or distribute over an area
scatterbrain	n.	a flighty and disorganized person
scattering	n.	a small number (of something) dispersed haphazardly
scattering	n.	the physical process in which particles are deflected haphazardly as a result of collisions
scattering	n.	a light shower that falls in some locations and not others nearby
scattering	n.	spreading widely or driving off
scattering	n.	the act of scattering
scattering	v.	to cause to separate and go in different directions
scattering	v.	move away from each other
scattering	v.	distribute loosely
scattering	v.	sow by scattering
scattering	v.	cause to separate
scattering	v.	strew or distribute over an area
scattershot	adj.	covering a wide range in a haphazard way
scatting	v.	flee; take to one's heels; cut and run
scatty	adj.	lacking sense or discretion; ; - Glenway Westcott
scatty	adj.	lost in thought; showing preoccupation
scavenge	v.	clean refuse from
scavenge	v.	collect discarded or refused material
scavenge	v.	feed on carrion or refuse
scavenge	v.	remove unwanted substances from
scavenger	n.	a chemical agent that is added to a chemical mixture to counteract the effects of impurities
scavenger	n.	someone who collects things that have been discarded by others
scavenger	n.	any animal that feeds on refuse and other decaying organic matter
scenario	n.	an outline or synopsis of a play (or, by extension, of a literary work)
scenario	n.	a setting for a work of art or literature
scenario	n.	a postulated sequence of possible events
scenarist	n.	a writer of screenplays
scene	n.	the place where some action occurs
scene	n.	an incident (real or imaginary)
scene	n.	the visual percept of a region
scene	n.	a consecutive series of pictures that constitutes a unit of action in a film
scene	n.	a situation treated as an observable object
scene	n.	a subdivision of an act of a play
scene	n.	a display of bad temper
scene	n.	graphic art consisting of the graphic or photographic representation of a visual percept
scene	n.	the context and environment in which something is set
scene	n.	the painted structures of a stage set that are intended to suggest a particular locale
scenery	n.	the painted structures of a stage set that are intended to suggest a particular locale
scenery	n.	the appearance of a place
scenic	adj.	used of locations; having beautiful natural scenery
scenic	adj.	of or relating to the stage or stage scenery
scenically	adv.	with respect to stage scenery
scent	n.	a distinctive odor that is pleasant
scent	n.	an odor left in passing by which a person or animal can be traced
scent	n.	any property detected by the olfactory system
scent	v.	cause to smell or be smelly
scent	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
scent	v.	apply perfume to
scented	v.	cause to smell or be smelly
scented	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
scented	v.	apply perfume to
scented	adj.	having the sense of smell
scented	adj.	filled or impregnated with perfume
scented	adj.	having a natural fragrance
scented	adj.	(used in combination) having the odor of
scenting	v.	cause to smell or be smelly
scenting	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
scenting	v.	apply perfume to
scentless	adj.	lacking the sense of smell
scentless	adj.	emitting or holding no odor
scepter	n.	the imperial authority symbolized by a scepter
scepter	n.	a ceremonial or emblematic staff
schadenfreude	n.	delight in another person's misfortune
schedule	n.	a temporally organized plan for matters to be attended to
schedule	n.	an ordered list of times at which things are planned to occur
schedule	v.	plan for an activity or event
schedule	v.	make a schedule; plan the time and place for events
scheduled	v.	plan for an activity or event
scheduled	v.	make a schedule; plan the time and place for events
scheduled	adj.	planned or scheduled for some certain time or times
scheduler	n.	computer hardware that arranges jobs to be done by the computer in an appropriate order
schema	n.	an internal representation of the world; an organization of concepts and actions that can be revised by new information about the world
schema	n.	a schematic or preliminary plan
schemata	n.	an internal representation of the world; an organization of concepts and actions that can be revised by new information about the world
schemata	n.	a schematic or preliminary plan
schematic	n.	diagram of an electrical or mechanical system
schematic	adj.	represented in simplified or symbolic form
schematically	adv.	in a schematic manner
schematize	v.	formulate in regular order; to reduce to a scheme or formula
schematize	v.	give conventional form to
scheme	n.	an elaborate and systematic plan of action
scheme	n.	a statement that evades the question by cleverness or trickery
scheme	n.	a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole
scheme	n.	an internal representation of the world; an organization of concepts and actions that can be revised by new information about the world
scheme	n.	a schematic or preliminary plan
scheme	v.	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner
scheme	v.	devise a system or form a scheme for
schemer	n.	a planner who draws up a personal scheme of action
schenectady	n.	a city of eastern New York on the Mohawk river; it prospered after the opening of the Erie Canal
scherzo	n.	a fast movement (usually in triple time)
schiaparelli	n.	Italian astronomer who first noted lines (which he called canals) on the surface of Mars (1835-1910)
schiaparelli	n.	fashion designer born in Italy who was noted for her use of synthetic materials and brilliant colors (1896-1973)
schiller	n.	German romantic writer (1759-1805)
schilling	n.	formerly the basic unit of money in Austria
schism	n.	division of a group into opposing factions
schism	n.	the formal separation of a church into two churches or the withdrawal of one group over doctrinal differences
schismatic	adj.	of or relating to or involved in or characteristic of schism
schist	n.	any metamorphic rock that can be split into thin layers
schistosomiasis	n.	an infestation with or a resulting infection caused by a parasite of the genus Schistosoma; common in the tropics and Far East; symptoms depend on the part of the body infected
schizoid	n.	characterized by symptoms similar to but less severe than schizophrenia
schizoid	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of schizophrenia
schizoid	adj.	marked by withdrawal and inability to form close relationships
schizophrenia	n.	any of several psychotic disorders characterized by distortions of reality and disturbances of thought and language and withdrawal from social contact
schizophrenic	n.	someone who is afflicted with schizophrenia
schizophrenic	adj.	suffering from some form of schizophrenia
schizophrenic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of schizophrenia
schlemiel	n.	(Yiddish) a dolt who is a habitual bungler
schlep	n.	(Yiddish) an awkward and stupid person
schlep	n.	a tedious or difficult journey
schlep	v.	pull along heavily, like a heavy load against a resistance
schlesinger	n.	United States historian and advisor to President Kennedy (born in 1917)
schlesinger	n.	United States historian (1888-1965)
schliemann	n.	German archaeologist who discovered nine superimposed city sites of Troy; he also excavated Mycenae (1822-1890)
schlock	n.	merchandise that is shoddy or inferior
schmaltz	n.	(Yiddish) excessive sentimentality in art or music
schmaltzy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
schmidt	n.	German statesman who served as chancellor of Germany (born in 1918)
schmo	n.	(Yiddish) a jerk
schmoes	n.	(Yiddish) a jerk
schmooze	n.	an informal conversation
schmooze	v.	talk idly or casually and in a friendly way
schmuck	n.	(Yiddish) a jerk
schnabel	n.	United States composer (born in Austria) and pianist noted for his interpretations of the works of Mozart and Beethoven and Schubert (1882-1951)
schnapps	n.	any of various strong liquors especially a Dutch spirit distilled from potatoes
schnauzer	n.	old German breed of sturdy black or greyish wire-haired terriers having a blunt muzzle ranging in size from fairly small to very large; used as ratters and guard dogs or police dogs
schnitzel	n.	deep-fried breaded veal cutlets
schnook	n.	(Yiddish) a gullible simpleton more to be pitied than despised
schnoz	n.	informal terms for the nose
schnozzle	n.	informal terms for the nose
schoenberg	n.	United States composer and musical theorist (born in Austria) who developed atonal composition (1874-1951)
scholar	n.	a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines
scholar	n.	someone (especially a child) who learns (as from a teacher) or takes up knowledge or beliefs
scholar	n.	a student who holds a scholarship
scholarship	n.	financial aid provided to a student on the basis of academic merit
scholarship	n.	profound scholarly knowledge
scholastic	n.	a person who pays more attention to formal rules and book learning than they merit
scholastic	n.	a Scholastic philosopher or theologian
scholastic	adj.	of or relating to schools
scholastic	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of scholasticism
scholastically	adv.	with respect to scholastic activities
scholasticism	n.	the system of philosophy dominant in medieval Europe; based on Aristotle and the Church Fathers
scholasticism	n.	orthodoxy of a scholastic variety
school	n.	an educational institution
school	n.	a building where young people receive education
school	n.	the process of being formally educated at a school
school	n.	a body of creative artists or writers or thinkers linked by a similar style or by similar teachers
school	n.	the period of instruction in a school; the time period when school is in session
school	n.	an educational institution's faculty and students
school	n.	a large group of fish
school	v.	educate in or as if in a school
school	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
school	v.	swim in or form a large group of fish
schoolbag	n.	a bag for carrying school books and supplies
schoolbook	n.	a book prepared for use in schools or colleges
schoolboy	n.	a boy attending school
schoolchild	n.	a young person attending school (up through senior high school)
schooldays	n.	the time of life when you are going to school
schooled	v.	educate in or as if in a school
schooled	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
schooled	v.	swim in or form a large group of fish
schoolfellow	n.	an acquaintance that you go to school with
schoolgirl	n.	a girl attending school
schoolhouse	n.	a building where young people receive education
schooling	n.	the act of teaching at school
schooling	n.	the process of being formally educated at a school
schooling	n.	the training of an animal (especially the training of a horse for dressage)
schooling	v.	educate in or as if in a school
schooling	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
schooling	v.	swim in or form a large group of fish
schoolmarm	n.	a woman schoolteacher (especially one regarded as strict)
schoolmaster	n.	presiding officer of a school
schoolmaster	n.	any person (or institution) who acts as an educator
schoolmaster	n.	food fish of warm Caribbean and Atlantic waters
schoolmate	n.	an acquaintance that you go to school with
schoolmistress	n.	a woman schoolteacher (especially one regarded as strict)
schoolroom	n.	a room in a school where lessons take place
schoolteacher	n.	a teacher in a school below the college level
schoolwork	n.	a school task performed by a student to satisfy the teacher
schoolyard	n.	the yard associated with a school
schooner	n.	a large beer glass
schooner	n.	sailing vessel used in former times
schopenhauer	n.	German pessimist philosopher (1788-1860)
schrodinger	n.	Austrian physicist who discovered the wave equation (1887-1961)
schubert	n.	Austrian composer known for his compositions for voice and piano (1797-1828)
schulz	n.	United States cartoonist whose comic strip included the beagle Snoopy (1922-2000)
schumann	n.	German pianist and composer of piano music; renowned for her interpretation of music, especially the music of her husband Robert Schumann (1819-1896)
schumann	n.	German romantic composer known for piano music and songs (1810-1856)
schumpeter	n.	United States economist (born in Czechoslovakia) (1883-1950)
schuss	v.	ski downhill
schwa	n.	a neutral middle vowel; occurs in unstressed syllables
schweitzer	n.	French philosopher and physician and organist who spent most of his life as a medical missionary in Gabon (1875-1965)
sciatic	adj.	relating to or caused by or afflicted with sciatica
sciatic	adj.	of or relating to the ischium (or the part of the hipbone containing it)
sciatica	n.	neuralgia along the sciatic nerve
science	n.	a particular branch of scientific knowledge
science	n.	ability to produce solutions in some problem domain
scientific	adj.	of or relating to the practice of science
scientific	adj.	conforming with the principles or methods used in science
scientifically	adv.	with respect to science; in a scientific way
scientist	n.	a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences
scientology	n.	a new religion founded by L. Ron Hubbard in 1955 and characterized by a belief in the power of a person's spirit to clear itself of past painful experiences through self-knowledge and spiritual fulfillment
scimitar	n.	a curved oriental saber; the edge is on the convex side of the blade
scintilla	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
scintilla	n.	a sparkling glittering particle
scintillate	v.	give off
scintillate	v.	reflect brightly
scintillate	v.	emit or reflect light in a flickering manner
scintillate	v.	physics: fluoresce momentarily when struck by a charged particle or high-energy photon
scintillate	v.	be lively or brilliant or exhibit virtuosity
scintillation	n.	(physics) a flash of light that is produced in a phosphor when it absorbs a photon or ionizing particle
scintillation	n.	a rapid change in brightness; a brief spark or flash
scintillation	n.	a brilliant display of wit
scintillation	n.	the quality of shining with a bright reflected light
scintillation	n.	the twinkling of the stars caused when changes in the density of the earth's atmosphere produce uneven refraction of starlight
scion	n.	a descendent or heir
scipio	n.	Roman general who commanded the invasion of Carthage in the second Punic War and defeated Hannibal at Zama (circa 237-183 BC)
scissor	v.	cut with or as if with scissors
scleroses	n.	any pathological hardening or thickening of tissue
sclerosis	n.	any pathological hardening or thickening of tissue
sclerotic	adj.	relating to or having sclerosis; hardened
sclerotic	adj.	of or relating to the sclera of the eyeball
scoff	n.	showing your contempt by derision
scoff	v.	laugh at with contempt and derision
scoff	v.	treat with contemptuous disregard
scoffer	n.	someone who eats food rapidly and greedily
scoffer	n.	someone who jeers or mocks or treats something with contempt or calls out in derision
scofflaw	n.	one who habitually ignores the law and does not answer court summonses
scold	n.	someone (especially a woman) who annoys people by constantly finding fault
scold	v.	censure severely or angrily
scold	v.	show one's unhappiness or critical attitude
scolding	n.	rebuking a person harshly
scolding	v.	censure severely or angrily
scolding	v.	show one's unhappiness or critical attitude
scoliosis	n.	an abnormal lateral curve to the vertebral column
sconce	n.	a shelter or screen providing protection from enemy fire or from the weather
sconce	n.	a small fort or earthwork defending a ford, pass, or castle gate
sconce	n.	a candle or flaming torch secured in a sconce
sconce	n.	a decorative wall bracket for holding candles or other sources of light
scone	n.	small biscuit (rich with cream and eggs) cut into diamonds or sticks and baked in an oven or (especially originally) on a griddle
scoop	n.	the quantity a scoop will hold
scoop	n.	a hollow concave shape made by removing something
scoop	n.	a news report that is reported first by one news organization
scoop	n.	street names for gamma hydroxybutyrate
scoop	n.	the shovel or bucket of a dredge or backhoe
scoop	n.	a large ladle
scoop	v.	take out or up with or as if with a scoop
scoop	v.	get the better of
scoopful	n.	the quantity a scoop will hold
scoot	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
scooter	n.	a motorboat resembling a motor scooter
scooter	n.	child's two-wheeled vehicle operated by foot
scooter	n.	a wheeled vehicle with small wheels and a low-powered gasoline engine geared to the rear wheel
scooter	n.	a sailing vessel with runners and a cross-shaped frame; suitable for traveling over ice
scooter	n.	large black diving duck of northern parts of the northern hemisphere
scope	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
scope	n.	the state of the environment in which a situation exists
scope	n.	a magnifier of images of distant objects
scope	n.	electronic equipment that provides visual images of varying electrical quantities
scopes	n.	Tennessee highschool teacher who violated a state law by teaching evolution; in a highly publicized trial in 1925 he was prosecuted by William Jennings Bryan and defended by Clarence Darrow (1900-1970)
scopes	n.	an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control:
scopes	n.	the state of the environment in which a situation exists
scopes	n.	a magnifier of images of distant objects
scopes	n.	electronic equipment that provides visual images of varying electrical quantities
scorbutic	adj.	of or relating to or having or resembling scurvy
scorch	n.	a surface burn
scorch	n.	a plant disease that produces a browning or scorched appearance of plant tissues
scorch	n.	a discoloration caused by heat
scorch	v.	make very hot and dry
scorch	v.	become superficially burned
scorch	v.	destroy completely by or as if by fire
scorch	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
scorch	v.	become scorched or singed under intense heat or dry conditions
scorcher	n.	an extremely hot day
scorcher	n.	a very hard hit ball
score	n.	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance)
score	n.	a written form of a musical composition; parts for different instruments appear on separate staves on large pages
score	n.	a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest
score	n.	a set of twenty members
score	n.	grounds
score	n.	the facts about an actual situation
score	n.	an amount due (as at a restaurant or bar)
score	n.	a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally)
score	n.	a resentment strong enough to justify retaliation
score	n.	the act of scoring in a game or sport
score	n.	a seduction culminating in sexual intercourse
score	v.	gain points in a game
score	v.	make small marks into the surface of
score	v.	make underscoring marks
score	v.	write a musical score for
score	v.	induce to have sex
score	v.	get a certain number or letter indicating quality or performance
score	v.	assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation
scoreboard	n.	a large board for displaying the score of a contest (and some other information)
scorecard	n.	(golf) a record of scores (as in golf)
scorekeeper	n.	an official who records the score during the progress of a game
scoreless	adj.	having no points scores
scorer	n.	a player who makes a score in a game or contest
scorer	n.	a logger who marks trees to be felled
scorer	n.	an official who records the score during the progress of a game
scorn	n.	lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike
scorn	n.	open disrespect for a person or thing
scorn	v.	look down on with disdain
scorn	v.	reject with contempt
scorner	n.	a person who expresses contempt by remarks or facial expression
scornful	adj.	expressing extreme contempt
scorpio	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Scorpio
scorpio	n.	a large zodiacal constellation between Libra and Sagittarius
scorpio	n.	the eighth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about October 23 to November 21
scorpion	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Scorpio
scorpion	n.	the eighth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about October 23 to November 21
scorpion	n.	arachnid of warm dry regions having a long segmented tail ending in a venomous stinger
scorpius	n.	a large zodiacal constellation between Libra and Sagittarius
scorsese	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1942)
scot	n.	a native or inhabitant of Scotland
scotch	n.	a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally)
scotch	n.	whiskey distilled in Scotland; especially whiskey made from malted barley in a pot still
scotch	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
scotch	v.	make a small cut or score into
scotch	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Scotland or its people or culture or its English dialect or Gaelic language
scotch	adj.	avoiding waste
scotchman	n.	a native or inhabitant of Scotland
scotchmen	n.	a native or inhabitant of Scotland
scotchs	n.	a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally)
scotchs	n.	whiskey distilled in Scotland; especially whiskey made from malted barley in a pot still
scotchs	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
scotchs	v.	make a small cut or score into
scotchwoman	n.	a woman who is a Scot
scotchwomen	n.	a woman who is a Scot
scotland	n.	one of the four countries that make up the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; located on the northern part of the island of Great Britain; famous for bagpipes and plaids and kilts
scotsman	n.	a native or inhabitant of Scotland
scotsmen	n.	a native or inhabitant of Scotland
scotswoman	n.	a woman who is a Scot
scotswomen	n.	a woman who is a Scot
scott	n.	award-winning United States film actor (1928-1999)
scott	n.	English explorer who reached the South Pole just a month after Amundsen; he and his party died on the return journey (1868-1912)
scott	n.	United States general who was a hero of the War of 1812 and who defeated Santa Anna in the Mexican War (1786-1866)
scott	n.	British author of historical novels and ballads (1771-1832)
scott	n.	United States slave who sued for liberty after living in a non-slave state; caused the Supreme Court to declare the Missouri Compromise unconstitutional (1795?-1858)
scottie	n.	old Scottish breed of small long-haired usually black terrier with erect tail and ears
scottish	n.	the dialect of English used in Scotland
scottish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Scotland or its people or culture or its English dialect or Gaelic language
scoundrel	n.	a wicked or evil person; someone who does evil deliberately
scour	n.	a place that is scoured (especially by running water)
scour	v.	examine minutely
scour	v.	clean with hard rubbing
scour	v.	rub hard or scrub
scour	v.	rinse, clean, or empty with a liquid
scourer	n.	someone who cleanses by scouring
scourer	n.	someone who travels widely and energetically
scourge	n.	a whip used to inflict punishment (often used for pedantic humor)
scourge	n.	something causing misery or death
scourge	n.	a person who inspires fear or dread
scourge	v.	punish severely; excoriate
scourge	v.	whip
scourge	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
scout	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
scout	n.	a Boy Scout or Girl Scout
scout	n.	someone employed to discover and recruit talented persons (especially in the worlds of entertainment or sports)
scout	n.	someone who can find paths through unexplored territory
scout	v.	explore, often with the goal of finding something or somebody
scouting	n.	exploring in order to gain information
scouting	v.	explore, often with the goal of finding something or somebody
scoutmaster	n.	the leader of a troop of Scouts
scow	n.	any of various flat-bottomed boats with sloping ends
scow	n.	a barge carrying bulk materials in an open hold
scowl	n.	a facial expression of dislike or displeasure
scowl	v.	frown with displeasure
scrabble	n.	an aimless drawing
scrabble	n.	a board game in which words are formed from letters in patterns similar to a crossword puzzle; each letter has a value and those values are used to score the game
scrabble	v.	feel searchingly
scrabble	v.	write down quickly without much attention to detail
scrag	n.	a person who is unusually thin and scrawny
scrag	n.	lean end of the neck
scrag	n.	the lean end of a neck of veal
scrag	v.	strangle with an iron collar
scrag	v.	wring the neck of
scraggly	adj.	lacking neatness or order
scraggy	adj.	being very thin
scraggy	adj.	having a sharply uneven surface or outline
scram	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
scramble	n.	an unceremonious and disorganized struggle
scramble	n.	rushing about hastily in an undignified way
scramble	v.	to move hurriedly
scramble	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
scramble	v.	bring into random order
scramble	v.	stir vigorously
scramble	v.	make unintelligible
scrambler	n.	a rapid mover; someone who scrambles
scrambler	n.	a lightweight motorcycle equipped with rugged tires and suspension; an off-road motorcycle designed for riding cross country or over unpaved ground
scrambler	n.	electronic equipment that makes speech unintelligible during transmission and restores it at reception
scrammed	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
scramming	v.	leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form
scranton	n.	an industrial city of northeastern Pennsylvania
scrap	n.	a small fragment of something broken off from the whole
scrap	n.	worthless material that is to be disposed of
scrap	n.	a small piece of something that is left over after the rest has been used
scrap	n.	the act of fighting; any contest or struggle
scrap	v.	dispose of (something useless or old)
scrap	v.	have a disagreement over something
scrap	v.	make into scrap or refuse
scrapbook	n.	an album into which clippings or notes or pictures can be pasted
scrape	n.	a harsh noise made by scraping
scrape	n.	an abraded area where the skin is torn or worn off
scrape	n.	a deep bow with the foot drawn backwards (indicating excessive humility)
scrape	n.	an indication of damage
scrape	v.	scratch repeatedly
scrape	v.	make by scraping
scrape	v.	cut the surface of; wear away the surface of
scrape	v.	bend the knees and bow in a servile manner
scrape	v.	gather (money or other resources) together over time
scrape	v.	bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of
scraper	n.	any of various hand tools for scraping
scrapheap	n.	an accumulation of refuse and discarded matter
scrapheap	n.	pile of discarded metal
scrapie	n.	a fatal disease of sheep characterized by chronic itching and loss of muscular control and progressive degeneration of the central nervous system
scrapped	v.	dispose of (something useless or old)
scrapped	v.	have a disagreement over something
scrapped	v.	make into scrap or refuse
scrapper	n.	someone who fights (or is fighting)
scrapping	v.	dispose of (something useless or old)
scrapping	v.	have a disagreement over something
scrapping	v.	make into scrap or refuse
scrappy	adj.	full of fighting spirit
scratch	n.	an abraded area where the skin is torn or worn off
scratch	n.	a depression scratched or carved into a surface
scratch	n.	informal terms for money
scratch	n.	a competitor who has withdrawn from competition
scratch	n.	a line indicating the location of the start of a race or a game
scratch	n.	dry mash for poultry
scratch	n.	a harsh noise made by scraping
scratch	n.	poor handwriting
scratch	n.	(golf) a handicap of zero strokes
scratch	n.	an indication of damage
scratch	v.	cause friction
scratch	v.	cut the surface of; wear away the surface of
scratch	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
scratch	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
scratch	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
scratch	v.	gather (money or other resources) together over time
scratch	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
scratched	v.	cause friction
scratched	v.	cut the surface of; wear away the surface of
scratched	v.	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching
scratched	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
scratched	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
scratched	v.	gather (money or other resources) together over time
scratched	v.	carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface
scratchiness	n.	the roughness of a substance that causes abrasions
scratchpad	n.	(computer science) a high-speed internal memory used for temporary storage of preliminary information
scratchy	adj.	causing abrasion
scratchy	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
scratchy	adj.	lacking consistency
scratchy	adj.	unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound
scrawl	n.	poor handwriting
scrawl	v.	write carelessly
scrawniness	n.	the bodily property of lacking flesh
scrawniness	n.	the property of being stunted and inferior in size or quality
scrawny	adj.	being very thin
scrawny	adj.	inferior in size or quality
scream	n.	sharp piercing cry
scream	n.	a high-pitched noise resembling a human cry
scream	n.	a joke that seems extremely funny
scream	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
scream	v.	utter or declare in a very loud voice
scream	v.	make a loud, piercing sound
screamer	n.	someone who communicates vocally in a very loud voice
screamer	n.	a sensational newspaper headline
screamer	n.	gooselike aquatic bird of South America having a harsh trumpeting call
screamer	n.	a very hard hit ball
screaming	n.	sharp piercing cry
screaming	n.	a high-pitched noise resembling a human cry
screaming	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
screaming	v.	utter or declare in a very loud voice
screaming	v.	make a loud, piercing sound
screaming	adj.	so extremely intense as to evoke screams
screaming	adj.	resembling a scream in effect
screaming	adj.	marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter
scree	n.	a sloping mass of loose rocks at the base of a cliff
screech	n.	a high-pitched noise resembling a human cry
screech	n.	sharp piercing cry
screech	v.	make a high-pitched, screeching noise
screech	v.	utter a harsh abrupt scream
screechy	adj.	having or making a high-pitched sound such as that made by a mouse or a rusty hinge
screed	n.	a long monotonous harangue
screed	n.	a long piece of writing
screed	n.	an accurately levelled strip of material placed on a wall or floor as guide for the even application of plaster or concrete
screen	n.	a white or silvered surface where pictures can be projected for viewing
screen	n.	a protective covering that keeps things out or hinders sight
screen	n.	the display that is electronically created on the surface of the large end of a cathode-ray tube
screen	n.	a covering that serves to conceal or shelter something
screen	n.	a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame
screen	n.	the personnel of the film industry
screen	n.	a strainer for separating lumps from powdered material or grading particles
screen	n.	a door that consists of a frame holding metallic or plastic netting; used to allow ventilation and to keep insects from entering a building through the open door
screen	n.	partition consisting of a decorative frame or panel that serves to divide a space
screen	v.	test or examine for the presence of disease or infection
screen	v.	examine methodically
screen	v.	examine in order to test suitability
screen	v.	project onto a screen for viewing
screen	v.	prevent from entering
screen	v.	separate with a riddle, as grain from chaff
screen	v.	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm
screening	n.	the display of a motion picture
screening	n.	fabric of metal or plastic mesh
screening	n.	the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it
screening	n.	testing objects or persons in order to identify those with particular characteristics
screening	v.	test or examine for the presence of disease or infection
screening	v.	examine methodically
screening	v.	examine in order to test suitability
screening	v.	project onto a screen for viewing
screening	v.	prevent from entering
screening	v.	separate with a riddle, as grain from chaff
screening	v.	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm
screenplay	n.	a script for a film including dialogue and descriptions of characters and sets
screenwriter	n.	someone who writes screenplays
screw	n.	someone who guards prisoners
screw	n.	a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded cylindrical rod that engages with a similarly threaded hole
screw	n.	a propeller with several angled blades that rotates to push against water or air
screw	n.	a fastener with a tapered threaded shank and a slotted head
screw	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
screw	v.	have sexual intercourse with
screw	v.	turn like a screw
screw	v.	cause to penetrate, as with a circular motion
screw	v.	tighten or fasten by means of screwing motions
screw	v.	defeat someone through trickery or deceit
screwball	n.	a whimsically eccentric person
screwball	n.	a pitch with reverse spin that curves toward the side of the plate from which it was thrown
screwball	adj.	foolish; totally unsound
screwdriver	n.	a hand tool for driving screws; has a tip that fits into the head of a screw
screwdriver	n.	a cocktail made with vodka and orange juice
screwy	adj.	not behaving normally
scriabin	n.	Russian composer of orchestral and piano music (1872-1915)
scribble	n.	poor handwriting
scribble	n.	an aimless drawing
scribble	v.	write down quickly without much attention to detail
scribble	v.	write carelessly
scribbler	n.	informal terms for journalists
scribbler	n.	a writer whose handwriting is careless and hard to read
scribe	n.	French playwright (1791-1861)
scribe	n.	informal terms for journalists
scribe	n.	someone employed to make written copies of documents and manuscripts
scribe	n.	a sharp-pointed awl for marking wood or metal to be cut
scribe	v.	score a line on with a pointed instrument, as in metalworking
scrim	n.	a firm open-weave fabric used for a curtain in the theater
scrimmage	n.	(American football) practice play between a football team's squads
scrimmage	n.	a noisy riotous fight
scrimmage	v.	practice playing (a sport)
scrimp	v.	subsist on a meager allowance
scrimshaw	n.	a carving (or engraving) on whalebone, whale ivory, walrus tusk, etc., usually by American whalers
scrip	n.	a certificate whose value is recognized by the payer and payee; scrip is not currency but may be convertible into currency
script	n.	a written version of a play or other dramatic composition; used in preparing for a performance
script	n.	something written by hand
script	n.	a particular orthography or writing system
script	v.	write a script for
scripted	v.	write a script for
scripted	adj.	written as for a film or play or broadcast
scriptural	adj.	of or pertaining to or contained in or in accordance with the Bible
scriptural	adj.	written or relating to writing
scripture	n.	the sacred writings of the Christian religions
scripture	n.	any writing that is regarded as sacred by a religious group
scriptwriter	n.	someone who writes scripts for plays or movies or broadcast dramas
scrivener	n.	someone employed to make written copies of documents and manuscripts
scrod	n.	flesh of young Atlantic cod weighing up to 2 pounds; also young haddock and pollock; often broiled
scrod	n.	young Atlantic cod or haddock especially one split and boned for cooking
scrofula	n.	a form of tuberculosis characterized by swellings of the lymphatic glands
scrofulous	adj.	afflicted with scrofula
scrofulous	adj.	morally contaminated; - J.D.Hart
scrofulous	adj.	having a diseased appearance resembling scrofula; - Farley Mowat
scroll	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
scroll	n.	a document that can be rolled up (as for storage)
scroll	v.	move through text or graphics in order to display parts that do not fit on the screen
scrooge	n.	a selfish person who is unwilling to give or spend
scrota	n.	the external pouch that contains the testes
scrotal	adj.	relating to or having or lying within a scrotum
scrotum	n.	the external pouch that contains the testes
scrounge	v.	collect or look around for (food)
scrounge	v.	obtain or seek to obtain by cadging or wheedling
scrounger	n.	someone who mooches or cadges (tries to get something free)
scrub	n.	dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes
scrub	n.	the act of cleaning a surface by rubbing it with a brush and soap and water
scrub	v.	clean with hard rubbing
scrub	v.	wash thoroughly
scrub	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
scrub	adj.	(of domestic animals) not selectively bred
scrubbed	v.	clean with hard rubbing
scrubbed	v.	wash thoroughly
scrubbed	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
scrubbed	adj.	made clean by scrubbing
scrubber	n.	a worker who uses a scrub brush to clean a surface (usually a floor or deck)
scrubber	n.	a brush with short stiff bristles for heavy cleaning
scrubber	n.	a purifier that removes impurities from a gas
scrubbing	n.	the act of cleaning a surface by rubbing it with a brush and soap and water
scrubbing	v.	clean with hard rubbing
scrubbing	v.	wash thoroughly
scrubbing	v.	postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled
scrubby	adj.	sparsely covered with stunted trees or vegetation and underbrush
scrubby	adj.	inferior in size or quality
scruff	n.	the back side of the neck
scruffy	adj.	shabby and untidy; ; - Mark Twain
scrum	n.	(rugby) the method of beginning play in which the forwards of each team crouch side by side with locked arms; play starts when the ball is thrown in between them and the two sides compete for possession
scrummage	n.	(rugby) the method of beginning play in which the forwards of each team crouch side by side with locked arms; play starts when the ball is thrown in between them and the two sides compete for possession
scrumptious	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
scrumpy	n.	strong cider (as made in western England)
scrunch	n.	a crunching noise
scrunch	v.	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants
scrunch	v.	sit on one's heels
scrunch	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
scruple	n.	a unit of apothecary weight equal to 20 grains
scruple	n.	uneasiness about the fitness of an action
scruple	n.	an ethical or moral principle that inhibits action
scruple	v.	hesitate on moral grounds
scruple	v.	raise scruples
scruple	v.	have doubts about
scrupulous	adj.	having scruples; arising from a sense of right and wrong; principled
scrupulous	adj.	characterized by extreme care and great effort
scrupulousness	n.	conformity to high standards of ethics or excellence
scrupulousness	n.	strict attention to minute details
scrutineer	n.	someone who examines votes at an election
scrutinize	v.	to look at critically or searchingly, or in minute detail
scrutinize	v.	examine carefully for accuracy with the intent of verification
scrutiny	n.	the act of examining something closely (as for mistakes)
scrutiny	n.	a prolonged intense look
scsi	n.	interface consisting of a standard port between a computer and its peripherals that is used in some computers
scuba	n.	a device (trade name Aqua-Lung) that lets divers breathe under water; scuba is an acronym for self-contained underwater breathing apparatus
scud	n.	the act of moving along swiftly (as before a gale)
scud	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
scud	v.	run before a gale
scudded	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
scudded	v.	run before a gale
scudding	n.	the act of moving along swiftly (as before a gale)
scudding	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
scudding	v.	run before a gale
scuff	n.	a slipper that has no fitting around the heel
scuff	n.	the act of scuffing (scraping or dragging the feet)
scuff	v.	walk without lifting the feet
scuff	v.	get or become scuffed
scuff	v.	mar by scuffing
scuff	v.	poke at with the foot or toe
scuffle	n.	disorderly fighting
scuffle	n.	a hoe that is used by pushing rather than pulling
scuffle	n.	an unceremonious and disorganized struggle
scuffle	v.	walk by dragging one's feet
scuffle	v.	fight or struggle in a confused way at close quarters
scull	n.	a long oar that is mounted at the stern of a boat and moved left and right to propel the boat forward
scull	n.	each of a pair of short oars that are used by a single oarsman
scull	n.	a racing shell that is propelled by sculls
scull	v.	propel with sculls
sculler	n.	someone who sculls (moves a long oar pivoted on the back of the boat to propel the boat forward)
scullery	n.	a small room (in large old British houses) next to the kitchen; where kitchen utensils are cleaned and kept and other rough household jobs are done
scullion	n.	a kitchen servant employed to do menial tasks (especially washing)
sculpt	v.	create by shaping stone or wood or any other hard material
sculpt	v.	shape (a material like stone or wood) by whittling away at it
sculptor	n.	an artist who creates sculptures
sculptor	n.	a faint constellation in the southern hemisphere near Phoenix and Cetus
sculptress	n.	a woman sculptor
sculptural	adj.	relating to or consisting of sculpture
sculptural	adj.	resembling sculpture
sculpture	n.	a three-dimensional work of plastic art
sculpture	n.	creating figures or designs in three dimensions
sculpture	v.	create by shaping stone or wood or any other hard material
sculpture	v.	shape (a material like stone or wood) by whittling away at it
scum	n.	worthless people
scum	n.	a film of impurities or vegetation that can form on the surface of a liquid
scum	v.	remove the scum from
scummed	v.	remove the scum from
scumming	v.	remove the scum from
scummy	adj.	of the most contemptible kind
scummy	adj.	covered with scum
scupper	n.	drain that allows water on the deck of a vessel to flow overboard
scupper	v.	wait in hiding to attack
scupper	v.	put in a dangerous, disadvantageous, or difficult position
scurf	n.	(botany) a covering that resembles scales or bran that covers some plant parts
scurf	n.	a thin flake of dead epidermis shed from the surface of the skin
scurfy	adj.	having or producing or covered with scurf
scurfy	adj.	rough to the touch; covered with scales or scurf
scurrility	n.	foul-mouthed or obscene abuse
scurrilous	adj.	expressing offensive reproach
scurry	n.	rushing about hastily in an undignified way
scurry	v.	to move about or proceed hurriedly
scurvily	adv.	in a despicable, ignoble manner
scurvy	n.	a condition caused by deficiency of ascorbic acid (vitamin C)
scurvy	adj.	of the most contemptible kind
scutcheon	n.	a flat protective covering (on a door or wall etc) to prevent soiling by dirty fingers
scutcheon	n.	a shield; especially one displaying a coat of arms
scuttle	n.	container for coal; shaped to permit pouring the coal onto the fire
scuttle	n.	an entrance equipped with a hatch; especially a passageway between decks of a ship
scuttle	v.	to move about or proceed hurriedly
scuttlebutt	n.	a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people
scylla	n.	(Greek mythology) a sea nymph transformed into a sea monster who lived on one side of a narrow strait; drowned and devoured sailors who tried to escape Charybdis (a whirlpool) on the other side of the strait
scythe	n.	an edge tool for cutting grass; has a long handle that must be held with both hands and a curved blade that moves parallel to the ground
scythe	v.	cut with a scythe
scythia	n.	an ancient area of Eurasia extending from the Black Sea to the Aral Sea that was populated by Scythians from the eighth to the fourth century BC
scythian	n.	a member of the ancient nomadic people inhabiting Scythia
scythian	n.	the Iranian language spoken by the ancient Scythians
scythian	adj.	of or relating to the ancient Scythians or their culture or language
sd	n.	a state in north central United States
se	n.	a toxic nonmetallic element related to sulfur and tellurium; occurs in several allotropic forms; a stable grey metallike allotrope conducts electricity better in the light than in the dark and is used in photocells; occurs in sulfide ores (as pyrite)
se	n.	the compass point midway between south and east; at 135 degrees
sea	n.	a division of an ocean or a large body of salt water partially enclosed by land
sea	n.	anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume
sea	n.	turbulent water with swells of considerable size
seabed	n.	the bottom of a sea or ocean
seabird	n.	a bird that frequents coastal waters and the open ocean: gulls; pelicans; gannets; cormorants; albatrosses; petrels; etc.
seaboard	n.	the shore of a sea or ocean regarded as a resort
seaborg	n.	United States chemist who was one of the discoverers of plutonium (1912-1999)
seaborne	adj.	conveyed by sea
seacoast	n.	the shore of a sea or ocean
seafarer	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
seafaring	n.	the work of a sailor
seafaring	n.	travel by water
seafaring	adj.	used on the high seas
seafood	n.	edible fish (broadly including freshwater fish) or shellfish or roe etc
seafront	n.	the waterfront of a seaside town
seagoing	adj.	used on the high seas
seagull	n.	mostly white aquatic bird having long pointed wings and short legs
seahorse	n.	either of two large northern marine mammals having ivory tusks and tough hide over thick blubber
seahorse	n.	small fish with horse-like heads bent sharply downward and curled tails; swim in upright position
seal	n.	fastener consisting of a resinous composition that is plastic when warm; used for sealing documents and parcels and letters
seal	n.	a device incised to make an impression; used to secure a closing or to authenticate documents
seal	n.	the pelt or fur (especially the underfur) of a seal
seal	n.	a member of a Naval Special Warfare unit who is trained for unconventional warfare
seal	n.	a stamp affixed to a document (as to attest to its authenticity or to seal it)
seal	n.	an indication of approved or superior status
seal	n.	a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture
seal	n.	fastener that provides a tight and perfect closure
seal	n.	any of numerous marine mammals that come on shore to breed; chiefly of cold regions
seal	v.	make tight; secure against leakage
seal	v.	close with or as if with a seal
seal	v.	decide irrevocably
seal	v.	affix a seal to
seal	v.	cover with varnish
seal	v.	hunt seals
sealant	n.	a kind of sealing material that is used to form a hard coating on a porous surface (as a coat of paint or varnish used to size a surface)
sealer	n.	a kind of sealing material that is used to form a hard coating on a porous surface (as a coat of paint or varnish used to size a surface)
sealer	n.	an official who affixes a seal to a document
sealskin	n.	the pelt or fur (especially the underfur) of a seal
sealskin	n.	a garment (as a jacket or coat or robe) made of sealskin
seam	n.	joint consisting of a line formed by joining two pieces
seam	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
seam	n.	a stratum of ore or coal thick enough to be mined with profit
seam	v.	put together with a seam
seaman	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
seaman	n.	muckraking United States journalist who exposed bad conditions in mental institutions (1867-1922)
seamanship	n.	skill in sailing
seamless	adj.	not having or joined by a seam or seams
seamless	adj.	smooth, especially of skin
seamless	adj.	perfectly consistent and coherent
seamount	n.	an underwater mountain rising above the ocean floor
seamstress	n.	someone who makes or mends dresses
seamy	adj.	showing a seam
seamy	adj.	morally degraded; ; ; ; - Seattle Weekly; - James Joyce
seance	n.	a meeting of spiritualists
seaplane	n.	an airplane that can land on or take off from water
seaplane	v.	glide on the water in a hydroplane
seaport	n.	a sheltered port where ships can take on or discharge cargo
sear	v.	make very hot and dry
sear	v.	become superficially burned
sear	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
sear	v.	cause to wither or parch from exposure to heat
sear	adj.	(used especially of vegetation) having lost all moisture
search	n.	the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone
search	n.	an investigation seeking answers
search	n.	an operation that determines whether one or more of a set of items has a specified property
search	n.	the examination of alternative hypotheses
search	n.	boarding and inspecting a ship on the high seas
search	v.	try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
search	v.	search or seek
search	v.	inquire into
search	v.	subject to a search
searcher	n.	someone making a search or inquiry
searcher	n.	a customs official whose job is to search baggage or goods or vehicles for contraband or dutiable items
searcher	n.	large metallic blue-green beetle that preys on caterpillars; found in North America
searching	v.	try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
searching	v.	search or seek
searching	v.	inquire into
searching	v.	subject to a search
searching	adj.	diligent and thorough in inquiry or investigation
searching	adj.	having keenness and forcefulness and penetration in thought, expression, or intellect
searching	adj.	exploring thoroughly
searchlight	n.	a light source with reflectors that projects a beam of light in a particular direction
searing	v.	make very hot and dry
searing	v.	become superficially burned
searing	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
searing	v.	cause to wither or parch from exposure to heat
searing	adj.	severely critical
sears	v.	make very hot and dry
sears	v.	become superficially burned
sears	v.	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color
sears	v.	cause to wither or parch from exposure to heat
seascape	n.	a view of the sea
seascape	n.	a painting of the sea (as distinguished from a landscape)
seashell	n.	the shell of a marine organism
seashore	n.	the shore of a sea or ocean
seasick	adj.	experiencing motion sickness
seasickness	n.	motion sickness experienced while traveling on water
seaside	n.	the shore of a sea or ocean regarded as a resort
season	n.	a period of the year marked by special events or activities in some field
season	n.	one of the natural periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices or atmospheric conditions
season	n.	a recurrent time marked by major holidays
season	v.	lend flavor to
season	v.	make fit
season	v.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate
seasonable	adj.	in keeping with the season
seasonable	adj.	done or happening at the appropriate or proper time
seasonably	adv.	in accordance with the season
seasonably	adv.	at an opportune time
seasonal	n.	a worker who finds employment only in certain seasons
seasonal	adj.	occurring at or dependent on a particular season
seasoned	v.	lend flavor to
seasoned	v.	make fit
seasoned	v.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate
seasoned	adj.	aged or processed
seasoned	adj.	rendered competent through trial and experience
seasoning	n.	something added to food primarily for the savor it imparts
seasoning	n.	the act of adding a seasoning to food
seasoning	v.	lend flavor to
seasoning	v.	make fit
seasoning	v.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate
seat	n.	a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane)
seat	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
seat	n.	furniture that is designed for sitting on
seat	n.	any support where you can sit (especially the part of a chair or bench etc. on which you sit)
seat	n.	a center of authority (as a city from which authority is exercised)
seat	n.	the location (metaphorically speaking) where something is based
seat	n.	the legal right to sit as a member in a legislative or similar body
seat	n.	a part of a machine that supports or guides another part
seat	n.	the cloth covering for the buttocks
seat	v.	show to a seat; assign a seat for
seat	v.	be able to seat
seat	v.	place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position
seat	v.	put a seat on a chair
seat	v.	provide with seats
seat	v.	place or attach firmly in or on a base
seat	v.	place in or on a seat
seating	n.	an area that includes places where several people can sit
seating	n.	the service of ushering people to their seats
seating	v.	show to a seat; assign a seat for
seating	v.	be able to seat
seating	v.	place ceremoniously or formally in an office or position
seating	v.	put a seat on a chair
seating	v.	provide with seats
seating	v.	place or attach firmly in or on a base
seating	v.	place in or on a seat
seattle	n.	a major port of entry and the largest city in Washington; located in west central Washington on the protected waters of Puget Sound with the snow-capped peaks of the Cascade Range and Mount Ranier visible to the south and east; an aerospace and computer center; site of the University of Washington
seawall	n.	a protective structure of stone or concrete; extends from shore into the water to prevent a beach from washing away
seaward	n.	the direction toward the sea
seaward	adj.	(of winds) coming from the land
seaward	adj.	(of winds) coming from the sea toward the land
seaward	adj.	directed or situated away from inland regions and toward the sea or coast
seaward	adv.	in the direction of the sea
seawater	n.	water containing salts
seaway	n.	a lane at sea that is a regularly used route for vessels
seaweed	n.	plant growing in the sea, especially marine algae
seaworthiness	n.	fitness to traverse the seas
seaworthy	adj.	fit for a sea voyage
sebaceous	adj.	containing an unusual amount of grease or oil
seborrhea	n.	a condition in which overactivity of the sebaceous glands causes the skin to become oily
sebum	n.	the oily secretion of the sebaceous glands; with perspiration it moistens and protects the skin
sec	n.	1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
sec	n.	ratio of the hypotenuse to the adjacent side of a right-angled triangle
sec	n.	an independent federal agency that oversees the exchange of securities to protect investors
sec	adj.	(of champagne) moderately dry
secant	n.	a straight line that intersects a curve at two or more points
secant	n.	ratio of the hypotenuse to the adjacent side of a right-angled triangle
secateurs	n.	small pruning shears with a spring that holds the handles open and a single blade that closes against a flat surface
secede	v.	withdraw from an organization or communion
secession	n.	an Austrian school of art and architecture parallel to the French art nouveau in the 1890s
secession	n.	the withdrawal of eleven southern states from the Union in 1860 which precipitated the American Civil War
secession	n.	formal separation from an alliance or federation
secessionist	n.	an advocate of secessionism
seclude	v.	keep away from others
seclusion	n.	the quality of being secluded from the presence or view of others
seclusion	n.	the act of secluding yourself from others
seconal	n.	barbiturate that is a white odorless slightly bitter powder (trade name Seconal) used as a sodium salt for sedation and to treat convulsions
second	n.	1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
second	n.	an indefinitely short time
second	n.	the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed near the second of the bases in the infield
second	n.	a particular point in time
second	n.	following the first in an ordering or series
second	n.	a 60th part of a minute of arc
second	n.	the official attendant of a contestant in a duel or boxing match
second	n.	a speech seconding a motion
second	n.	the gear that has the second lowest forward gear ratio in the gear box of a motor vehicle
second	n.	merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name
second	v.	give support or one's approval to
second	v.	transfer an employee to a different, temporary assignment
second	adj.	coming next after the first in position in space or time or degree or magnitude
second	adj.	a part or voice or instrument or orchestra section lower in pitch than or subordinate to the first
second	adv.	in the second place
secondarily	adv.	of secondary import
secondary	n.	the defensive football players who line up behind the linemen
secondary	n.	coil such that current is induced in it by passing a current through the primary coil
secondary	adj.	being of second rank or importance or value; not direct or immediate
secondary	adj.	inferior in rank or status
secondary	adj.	depending on or incidental to what is original or primary
secondary	adj.	not of major importance
secondary	adj.	belonging to a lower class or rank
seconder	n.	someone who endorses a motion or petition as a necessary preliminary to a discussion or vote
secondhand	adj.	derived from what is primary or original; not firsthand
secondhand	adj.	previously used or owned by another
secondhand	adv.	by indirect means
secondment	n.	a speech seconding a motion
secondment	n.	the detachment of a person from their regular organization for temporary assignment elsewhere
secrecy	n.	the trait of keeping things secret
secrecy	n.	the condition of being concealed or hidden
secret	n.	something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that is not to be passed on)
secret	n.	information known only to a special group
secret	n.	something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained
secret	adj.	not open or public; kept private or not revealed
secret	adj.	conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods
secret	adj.	not openly made known
secret	adj.	communicated covertly
secret	adj.	not expressed
secret	adj.	designed to elude detection
secret	adj.	hidden from general view or use
secret	adj.	(of information) given in confidence or in secret
secret	adj.	indulging only covertly
secret	adj.	having an import not apparent to the senses nor obvious to the intelligence; beyond ordinary understanding
secret	adj.	the next to highest level of official classification for documents
secretarial	adj.	of or relating to a secretary or to a secretary's work
secretariat	n.	an administrative unit responsible for maintaining records and other secretarial duties; especially for international organizations
secretariat	n.	thoroughbred that won the triple crown in 1973
secretary	n.	a person who is head of an administrative department of government
secretary	n.	an assistant who handles correspondence and clerical work for a boss or an organization
secretary	n.	a person to whom a secret is entrusted
secretary	n.	a desk used for writing
secretaryship	n.	the position of secretary
secrete	v.	generate and separate from cells or bodily fluids
secrete	v.	place out of sight; keep secret
secretion	n.	the organic process of synthesizing and releasing some substance
secretion	n.	a functionally specialized substance (especially one that is not a waste) released from a gland or cell
secretive	adj.	inclined to secrecy or reticence about divulging information
secretiveness	n.	characterized by a lack of openness (especially about one's actions or purposes)
secretiveness	n.	the trait of keeping things secret
secretory	adj.	of or relating to or producing a secretion
sect	n.	a subdivision of a larger religious group
sect	n.	a dissenting clique
sectarian	n.	a member of a sect
sectarian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a sect or sects
sectarian	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of a sect; ; - Sidney Hook
sectarianism	n.	a narrow-minded adherence to a particular sect or party or denomination
sectary	n.	a member of a sect
section	n.	a self-contained part of a larger composition (written or musical)
section	n.	a very thin slice (of tissue or mineral or other substance) for examination under a microscope
section	n.	a distinct region or subdivision of a territorial or political area or community or group of people
section	n.	one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object
section	n.	a small team of policemen working as part of a police platoon
section	n.	one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole
section	n.	a land unit equal to 1 square mile
section	n.	(geometry) the area created by a plane cutting through a solid
section	n.	a small class of students who are part of a larger course but are taught separately
section	n.	a division of an orchestra containing all instruments of the same class
section	n.	a small army unit usually having a special function
section	n.	a specialized division of a large organization
section	n.	a segment of a citrus fruit
section	n.	the cutting of or into body tissues or organs (especially by a surgeon as part of an operation)
section	v.	divide into segments
sectional	n.	a piece of furniture made up of sections that can be arranged individually or together
sectional	adj.	relating to or based upon a section (i.e. as if cut through by an intersecting plane)
sectional	adj.	consisting of or divided into sections
sectional	adj.	related or limited to a distinct region or subdivision of a territory or community or group of people
sectionalism	n.	a partiality for some particular place
sectioned	v.	divide into segments
sectioned	adj.	consisting of or divided into sections
sectioning	v.	divide into segments
sector	n.	a plane figure bounded by two radii and the included arc of a circle
sector	n.	a social group that forms part of the society or the economy
sector	n.	a particular aspect of life or activity
sector	n.	the minimum track length that can be assigned to store information; unless otherwise specified a sector of data consists of 512 bytes
sector	n.	a portion of a military position
sector	n.	measuring instrument consisting of two graduated arms hinged at one end
secular	n.	someone who is not a clergyman or a professional person
secular	adj.	of or relating to the doctrine that rejects religion and religious considerations
secular	adj.	characteristic of or devoted to the temporal world as opposed to the spiritual world
secular	adj.	not concerned with or devoted to religion; ; ; ,
secular	adj.	of or relating to clergy not bound by monastic vows
secular	adj.	characteristic of those who are not members of the clergy
secularism	n.	a doctrine that rejects religion and religious considerations
secularist	n.	an advocate of secularism; someone who believes that religion should be excluded from government and education
secularization	n.	the activity of changing something (art or education or society or morality etc.) so it is no longer under the control or influence of religion
secularization	n.	transfer of property from ecclesiastical to civil possession
secularize	v.	make secular and draw away from a religious orientation
secularize	v.	transfer from ecclesiastical to civil possession, use, or control
secure	v.	get by special effort
secure	v.	cause to be firmly attached
secure	v.	assure payment of
secure	v.	make certain of
secure	v.	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug
secure	v.	furnish with battens
secure	adj.	free from fear or doubt; easy in mind
secure	adj.	free from danger or risk
secure	adj.	not likely to fail or give way
secure	adj.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with
secure	adj.	financially sound
secured	v.	get by special effort
secured	v.	cause to be firmly attached
secured	v.	assure payment of
secured	v.	make certain of
secured	v.	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug
secured	v.	furnish with battens
security	n.	the state of being free from danger or injury
security	n.	defense against financial failure; financial independence
security	n.	freedom from anxiety or fear
security	n.	a formal declaration that documents a fact of relevance to finance and investment; the holder has a right to receive interest or dividends
security	n.	property that your creditor can claim in case you default on your obligation
security	n.	a department responsible for the security of the institution's property and workers
security	n.	a guarantee that an obligation will be met
security	n.	an electrical device that sets off an alarm when someone tries to break in
security	n.	measures taken as a precaution against theft or espionage or sabotage etc.
sedan	n.	a car that is closed and that has front and rear seats and two or four doors
sedan	n.	a closed litter for one passenger
sedate	v.	cause to be calm or quiet as by administering a sedative to
sedate	adj.	characterized by dignity and propriety
sedate	adj.	dignified and somber in manner or character and committed to keeping promises
sedateness	n.	a trait of dignified seriousness
sedation	n.	a state of reduced excitement or anxiety that is induced by the administrative of a sedative agent
sedation	n.	the administration of a sedative agent or drug
sedative	n.	a drug that reduces excitability and calms a person
sedative	adj.	tending to soothe or tranquilize
sedentary	adj.	requiring sitting or little activity
seder	n.	(Judaism) the ceremonial dinner on the first night (or both nights) of Passover
sedge	n.	grasslike or rushlike plant growing in wet places having solid stems, narrow grasslike leaves and spikelets of inconspicuous flowers
sedgy	adj.	covered with sedges (grasslike marsh plants)
sediment	n.	matter that has been deposited by some natural process
sediment	v.	deposit as a sediment
sediment	v.	settle as sediment
sedimentary	adj.	resembling or containing or formed by the accumulation of sediment
sedimentary	adj.	produced by the action of water
sedimentation	n.	the phenomenon of sediment or gravel accumulating
sedition	n.	an illegal action inciting resistance to lawful authority and tending to cause the disruption or overthrow of the government
seditious	adj.	arousing to action or rebellion
seditious	adj.	in opposition to a civil authority or government
sedna	n.	a planetoid of rock and ice about three-quarters the size of Pluto discovered in 2003; the most distant object known to orbit around the sun
seduce	v.	induce to have sex
seduce	v.	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct
seducer	n.	a bad person who entices others into error or wrongdoing
seducer	n.	a man who takes advantage of women
seduction	n.	enticing someone astray from right behavior
seduction	n.	an act of winning the love or sexual favor of someone
seductive	adj.	tending to entice into a desired action or state
seductress	n.	a woman who seduces
sedulous	adj.	marked by care and persistent effort
see	n.	the seat within a bishop's diocese where his cathedral is located
see	v.	perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight
see	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
see	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
see	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
see	v.	deem to be
see	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
see	v.	see or watch
see	v.	come together
see	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
see	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
see	v.	go to see for professional or business reasons
see	v.	go to see for a social visit
see	v.	go to see a place, as for entertainment
see	v.	take charge of or deal with
see	v.	receive as a specified guest
see	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
see	v.	see and understand, have a good eye
see	v.	deliberate or decide
see	v.	observe as if with an eye
see	v.	observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect
see	v.	go or live through
see	v.	accompany or escort
see	v.	match or meet
see	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
seed	n.	a small hard fruit
seed	n.	a mature fertilized plant ovule consisting of an embryo and its food source and having a protective coat or testa
seed	n.	one of the outstanding players in a tournament
seed	n.	anything that provides inspiration for later work
seed	n.	the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract
seed	v.	go to seed; shed seeds
seed	v.	help (an enterprise) in its early stages of development by providing seed money
seed	v.	bear seeds
seed	v.	place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth
seed	v.	distribute (players or teams) so that outstanding teams or players will not meet in the early rounds
seed	v.	sprinkle with silver iodide particles to disperse and cause rain
seed	v.	inoculate with microorganisms
seed	v.	remove the seeds from
seedbed	n.	a bed where seedlings are grown before transplanting
seedcase	n.	the vessel that contains the seeds of a plant (not the seeds themselves)
seeded	v.	go to seed; shed seeds
seeded	v.	help (an enterprise) in its early stages of development by providing seed money
seeded	v.	bear seeds
seeded	v.	place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth
seeded	v.	distribute (players or teams) so that outstanding teams or players will not meet in the early rounds
seeded	v.	sprinkle with silver iodide particles to disperse and cause rain
seeded	v.	inoculate with microorganisms
seeded	v.	remove the seeds from
seeded	adj.	(of the more skilled contestants) selectively arranged in the draw for position in a tournament so that they meet each other in later rounds
seeded	adj.	having the seeds extracted
seeded	adj.	having seeds as specified
seeded	adj.	having or supplied with seeds
seeded	adj.	sprinkled with seed
seeder	n.	a person who seeds clouds
seeder	n.	a mechanical device that sows grass seed or grain evenly over the ground
seeder	n.	a kitchen utensil that removes seeds from fruit
seediness	n.	a lack of elegance as a consequence of wearing threadbare or dirty clothing
seedless	adj.	lacking seeds
seedling	n.	young plant or tree grown from a seed
seedpod	n.	a several-seeded dehiscent fruit as e.g. of a leguminous plant
seedy	adj.	full of seeds
seedy	adj.	shabby and untidy; ; - Mark Twain
seedy	adj.	somewhat ill or prone to illness
seedy	adj.	morally degraded; ; ; ; - Seattle Weekly; - James Joyce
seeger	n.	United States folk singer who was largely responsible for the interest in folk music in the 1960s (born in 1919)
seeger	n.	United States poet killed in World War I (1888-1916)
seeing	n.	perception by means of the eyes
seeing	n.	normal use of the faculty of vision
seeing	v.	perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight
seeing	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
seeing	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
seeing	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
seeing	v.	deem to be
seeing	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
seeing	v.	see or watch
seeing	v.	come together
seeing	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
seeing	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
seeing	v.	go to see for professional or business reasons
seeing	v.	go to see for a social visit
seeing	v.	go to see a place, as for entertainment
seeing	v.	take charge of or deal with
seeing	v.	receive as a specified guest
seeing	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
seeing	v.	see and understand, have a good eye
seeing	v.	deliberate or decide
seeing	v.	observe as if with an eye
seeing	v.	observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect
seeing	v.	go or live through
seeing	v.	accompany or escort
seeing	v.	match or meet
seeing	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
seeing	adj.	having vision, not blind
seek	n.	the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk
seek	v.	try to get or reach
seek	v.	try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
seek	v.	make an effort or attempt
seek	v.	go to or towards
seek	v.	inquire for
seeker	n.	someone making a search or inquiry
seeker	n.	a missile equipped with a device that is attracted toward some kind of emission (heat or light or sound or radio waves)
seem	v.	give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
seem	v.	seem to be true, probable, or apparent
seem	v.	appear to exist
seem	v.	appear to one's own mind or opinion
seeming	v.	give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
seeming	v.	seem to be true, probable, or apparent
seeming	v.	appear to exist
seeming	v.	appear to one's own mind or opinion
seeming	adj.	appearing as such but not necessarily so
seemliness	n.	a sense of propriety and consideration for others
seemly	adj.	according with custom or propriety
seen	v.	perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight
seen	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
seen	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
seen	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
seen	v.	deem to be
seen	v.	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally
seen	v.	see or watch
seen	v.	come together
seen	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
seen	v.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something
seen	v.	go to see for professional or business reasons
seen	v.	go to see for a social visit
seen	v.	go to see a place, as for entertainment
seen	v.	take charge of or deal with
seen	v.	receive as a specified guest
seen	v.	date regularly; have a steady relationship with
seen	v.	see and understand, have a good eye
seen	v.	deliberate or decide
seen	v.	observe as if with an eye
seen	v.	observe, check out, and look over carefully or inspect
seen	v.	go or live through
seen	v.	accompany or escort
seen	v.	match or meet
seen	v.	make sense of; assign a meaning to
seep	v.	pass gradually or leak through or as if through small openings
seepage	n.	the process of seeping
seer	n.	a person with unusual powers of foresight
seer	n.	an observer who perceives visually
seer	n.	an authoritative person who divines the future
seersucker	n.	a light puckered fabric (usually striped)
seesaw	n.	a plaything consisting of a board balanced on a fulcrum; the board is ridden up and down by children at either end
seesaw	v.	ride on a plank
seesaw	v.	move up and down as if on a seesaw
seesaw	v.	move unsteadily, with a rocking motion
seethe	v.	be noisy with activity
seethe	v.	be in an agitated emotional state
seethe	v.	foam as if boiling
seethe	v.	boil vigorously
segment	n.	one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object
segment	n.	one of the parts into which something naturally divides
segment	v.	divide into segments
segment	v.	divide or split up
segmentation	n.	(embryology) the repeated division of a fertilised ovum
segmentation	n.	the act of dividing or partitioning; separation by the creation of a boundary that divides or keeps apart
segmented	v.	divide into segments
segmented	v.	divide or split up
segmented	adj.	having the body divided into successive metameres or segments, as in earthworms or lobsters
segovia	n.	Spanish guitarist who made classical guitar a concert instrument (1893-1987)
segregate	n.	someone who is or has been segregated
segregate	v.	separate by race or religion; practice a policy of racial segregation
segregate	v.	divide from the main body or mass and collect
segregate	v.	separate or isolate (one thing) from another and place in a group apart from others
segregated	v.	separate by race or religion; practice a policy of racial segregation
segregated	v.	divide from the main body or mass and collect
segregated	v.	separate or isolate (one thing) from another and place in a group apart from others
segregated	adj.	separated or isolated from others or a main group
segregation	n.	(genetics) the separation of paired alleles during meiosis so that members of each pair of alleles appear in different gametes
segregation	n.	a social system that provides separate facilities for minority groups
segregation	n.	the act of segregating or sequestering
segregationist	n.	someone who believes the races should be kept apart
segue	n.	the act of changing smoothly from one state or situation to another
segue	v.	proceed without interruption; in music or talk
segueing	v.	proceed without interruption; in music or talk
segway	n.	(trademark) a self-balancing personal transportation device with two wheels; can operate in any level pedestrian environment
seigneur	n.	a man of rank in the ancient regime
seignior	n.	a man of rank in the ancient regime
seine	n.	a French river that flows through the heart of Paris and then northward into the English Channel
seine	n.	a large fishnet that hangs vertically, with floats at the top and weights at the bottom
seine	v.	fish with a seine; catch fish with a seine
seismic	adj.	subject to or caused by an earthquake or earth vibration
seismograph	n.	a measuring instrument for detecting and measuring the intensity and direction and duration of movements of the ground (as an earthquake)
seismographs	n.	a measuring instrument for detecting and measuring the intensity and direction and duration of movements of the ground (as an earthquake)
seismography	n.	the measurement of tremors and shocks and undulatory movements of earthquakes
seismologic	adj.	of or concerned with seismology
seismological	adj.	of or concerned with seismology
seismologist	n.	a geophysicist who studies earthquakes and the mechanical characteristics of the Earth
seismology	n.	the branch of geology that studies earthquakes
seize	v.	take hold of; grab
seize	v.	take or capture by force
seize	v.	take possession of by force, as after an invasion
seize	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
seize	v.	seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession
seize	v.	hook by a pull on the line
seize	v.	affect
seize	v.	capture the attention or imagination of
seizure	n.	a sudden occurrence (or recurrence) of a disease
seizure	n.	the act of forcibly dispossessing an owner of property
seizure	n.	the act of taking of a person by force
seizure	n.	the taking possession of something by legal process
seldom	adv.	not often
select	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
select	adj.	of superior grade
select	adj.	selected or chosen for special qualifications
selection	n.	the act of choosing or selecting
selection	n.	an assortment of things from which a choice can be made
selection	n.	the person or thing chosen or selected
selection	n.	a natural process resulting in the evolution of organisms best adapted to the environment
selection	n.	a passage selected from a larger work
selective	adj.	tending to select; characterized by careful choice; - John Mason Brown
selective	adj.	characterized by very careful or fastidious selection
selectivity	n.	the property of being selective
selectman	n.	an elected member of a board of officials who run New England towns
selectmen	n.	an elected member of a board of officials who run New England towns
selector	n.	a person who chooses or selects out
selector	n.	a switch that is used to select among alternatives
selenium	n.	a toxic nonmetallic element related to sulfur and tellurium; occurs in several allotropic forms; a stable grey metallike allotrope conducts electricity better in the light than in the dark and is used in photocells; occurs in sulfide ores (as pyrite)
seleucus	n.	Macedonian general who accompanied Alexander the Great into Asia; founded a line of kings who reigned in Asia Minor until 65 BC (358-281 BC)
self	n.	your consciousness of your own identity
self	n.	a person considered as a unique individual
self	adj.	(used as a combining form) relating to--of or by or to or from or for--the self
selfish	adj.	concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion of others; - Maria Weston Chapman
selfishness	n.	stinginess resulting from a concern for your own welfare and a disregard of others
selfless	adj.	showing unselfish concern for the welfare of others
selflessness	n.	the quality of unselfish concern for the welfare of others
selflessness	n.	acting with less concern for yourself than for the success of the joint activity
selfsame	adj.	being the exact same one; not any other:
seljuk	n.	any one of the Turkish dynasties that ruled Asia Minor from the 11th to the 13th centuries; they successfully invaded Byzantium and defended the Holy Land against Crusaders
seljuk	adj.	of or relating to the Seljuks
selkirk	n.	Scottish sailor who was put ashore on a deserted island off the coast of Chile for five years (providing the basis for Daniel Defoe's novel about Robinson Crusoe) (1676-1721)
sell	n.	the activity of persuading someone to buy
sell	v.	exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent
sell	v.	be sold at a certain price or in a certain way
sell	v.	persuade somebody to accept something
sell	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
sell	v.	give up for a price or reward
sell	v.	be approved of or gain acceptance
sell	v.	be responsible for the sale of
sell	v.	deliver to an enemy by treachery
sellers	n.	English comic actor (1925-1980)
sellers	n.	someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money
selloff	n.	a sale of a relatively large number of assets (stocks or bonds or commodities) at a low price typically done to dispose of them rather than as normal trade
sellotape	n.	transparent or semitransparent adhesive tape (trade names Scotch tape and Sellotape) used for sealing or attaching or mending
sellotape	v.	fasten or attach with sellotape
sellout	n.	an act of betrayal
selma	n.	a town in central Alabama on the Alabama river; in 1965 it was the center of a drive to register Black voters
seltzer	n.	naturally effervescent mineral water
seltzer	n.	effervescent beverage artificially charged with carbon dioxide
selvage	n.	border consisting of an ornamental fringe at either end of an oriental carpet
selvage	n.	the edge of a fabric that is woven so that it will not ravel or fray
selves	n.	your consciousness of your own identity
selves	n.	a person considered as a unique individual
selznick	n.	United States filmmaker noted for his film adaptations of popular novels (1902-1965)
semantic	adj.	of or relating to meaning or the study of meaning
semantically	adv.	with regard to meaning
semanticist	n.	a specialist in the study of meaning
semantics	n.	the study of language meaning
semantics	n.	the meaning of a word, phrase, sentence, or text
semaphore	n.	an apparatus for visual signaling with lights or mechanically moving arms
semaphore	v.	send signals by or as if by semaphore
semaphore	v.	convey by semaphore, of information
semarang	n.	a port city is southern Indonesia; located in northern Java
semblance	n.	an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading
semblance	n.	an erroneous mental representation
semblance	n.	picture consisting of a graphic image of a person or thing
semen	n.	the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract
semester	n.	one of two divisions of an academic year
semester	n.	half a year; a period of 6 months
semi	n.	one of the two competitions in the next to the last round of an elimination tournament
semi	n.	a truck consisting of a tractor and trailer together
semi	n.	a trailer having wheels only in the rear; the front is supported by the towing vehicle
semiannual	adj.	occurring or payable twice each year
semiarid	adj.	somewhat arid
semiautomatic	n.	a pistol that is a semiautomatic firearm capable of loading and firing continuously
semiautomatic	adj.	partially automatic
semiautomatic	adj.	(of firearms) capable of automatic loading and firing continuously
semibreve	n.	a musical note having the longest time value (equal to four beats in common time)
semicircle	n.	a plane figure with the shape of half a circle
semicircular	adj.	curved into a half circle
semicolon	n.	a punctuation mark (`;') used to connect independent clauses; indicates a closer relation than does a period
semiconducting	adj.	having characteristics of a semiconductor; that is having electrical conductivity greater than insulators but less than good conductors
semiconductor	n.	a substance as germanium or silicon whose electrical conductivity is intermediate between that of a metal and an insulator; its conductivity increases with temperature and in the presence of impurities
semiconductor	n.	a conductor made with semiconducting material
semiconscious	adj.	partially conscious; not completely aware of sensations
semidarkness	n.	partial darkness
semidetached	adj.	attached on one side only
semifinal	n.	one of the two competitions in the next to the last round of an elimination tournament
semifinalist	n.	one of four competitors remaining in a tournament by elimination
semigloss	n.	a paint that dries with a finish between glossy and flat
semimonthly	n.	a periodical that is published twice each month (or 24 issues per year)
semimonthly	adj.	occurring twice a month
semimonthly	adv.	twice a month
seminal	adj.	pertaining to or containing or consisting of semen
seminal	adj.	containing seeds of later development
seminar	n.	any meeting for an exchange of ideas
seminar	n.	a course offered for a small group of advanced students
seminarian	n.	a student at a seminary (especially a Roman Catholic seminary)
seminary	n.	a private place of education for the young
seminary	n.	a theological school for training ministers or priests or rabbis
seminole	n.	a member of the Muskhogean people who moved into Florida in the 18th century
seminole	n.	the Muskhogean language of the Seminole
semiofficial	adj.	having some official authority or sanction
semiotic	adj.	of or relating to semiotics
semiotics	n.	(philosophy) a philosophical theory of the functions of signs and symbols
semipermeable	adj.	(of a membrane) selectively permeable
semiprecious	adj.	used of gemstones having less commercial value than precious stones
semiprivate	adj.	confined to a small number of hospital patients
semipro	n.	an athlete who plays for pay on a part-time basis
semiprofessional	n.	an athlete who plays for pay on a part-time basis
semiquaver	n.	a musical note having the time value of a sixteenth of a whole note
semiskilled	adj.	possessing or requiring limited skills
semisolid	adj.	partly solid; having a rigidity and viscosity intermediate between a solid and a liquid
semisweet	adj.	having a taste that is a mixture of bitterness and sweetness
semite	n.	a member of a group of Semitic-speaking peoples of the Middle East and northern Africa
semite	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Semites
semitic	n.	a major branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family
semitic	adj.	of or relating to the group of Semitic languages
semitic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Semites
semitone	n.	the musical interval between adjacent keys on a keyboard instrument
semitrailer	n.	a trailer having wheels only in the rear; the front is supported by the towing vehicle
semitransparent	adj.	allowing light to pass through diffusely
semitropical	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of conditions in the subtropics
semivowel	n.	a vowellike sound that serves as a consonant
semiweekly	n.	a periodical that is published twice each week (or 104 issues per year)
semiweekly	adj.	occurring twice a week
semiweekly	adv.	twice a week
semolina	n.	milled product of durum wheat (or other hard wheat) used in pasta
sempstress	n.	someone who makes or mends dresses
senate	n.	assembly possessing high legislative powers
senate	n.	the upper house of the United States Congress
senator	n.	a member of a senate
senatorial	adj.	of or relating to senators
send	v.	cause to go somewhere
send	v.	to cause or order to be taken, directed, or transmitted to another place
send	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
send	v.	transport commercially
send	v.	assign to a station
send	v.	transfer
send	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
send	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
sender	n.	someone who transmits a message
sender	n.	set used to broadcast radio or tv signals
seneca	n.	Roman statesman and philosopher who was an advisor to Nero; his nine extant tragedies are modeled on Greek tragedies (circa 4 BC - 65 AD)
seneca	n.	a member of the Iroquoian people formerly living in New York State south of Lake Ontario
seneca	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Seneca
senegal	n.	a republic in northwestern Africa on the coast of the Atlantic; formerly a French colony but achieved independence in 1960
senegalese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Senegal
senegalese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Senegal or its people
senescence	n.	the organic process of growing older and showing the effects of increasing age
senescence	n.	the property characteristic of old age
senescent	adj.	growing old
senile	adj.	mentally or physically infirm with age
senility	n.	mental infirmity as a consequence of old age; sometimes shown by foolish infatuations
senility	n.	the state of being senile
senior	n.	an undergraduate student during the year preceding graduation
senior	n.	a person who is older than you are
senior	adj.	older; higher in rank; longer in length of tenure or service
senior	adj.	used of the fourth and final year in United States high school or college
senior	adj.	advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables)
seniority	n.	higher rank than that of others especially by reason of longer service
seniority	n.	the property of being long-lived
senna	n.	any of various plants of the genus Senna having pinnately compound leaves and showy usually yellow flowers; many are used medicinally
sennacherib	n.	king of Assyria who invaded Judea twice and defeated Babylon and rebuilt Nineveh after it had been destroyed by Babylonians (died in 681 BC)
sennett	n.	United States filmmaker (born in Canada) noted for slapstick movies (1880-1960)
senor	n.	a Spanish title or form of address for a man; similar to the English `Mr' or `sir'
senora	n.	a Spanish title or form of address for a married woman; similar to the English `Mrs' or `madam'
senorita	n.	a Spanish title or form of address used to or of an unmarried girl or woman; similar to the English `Miss'
sensation	n.	an unelaborated elementary awareness of stimulation
sensation	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
sensation	n.	a general feeling of excitement and heightened interest
sensation	n.	a state of widespread public excitement and interest
sensation	n.	the faculty through which the external world is apprehended
sensational	adj.	causing intense interest, curiosity, or emotion
sensational	adj.	commanding attention
sensational	adj.	relating to or concerned in sensation
sensationalism	n.	subject matter that is calculated to excite and please vulgar tastes
sensationalism	n.	the journalistic use of subject matter that appeals to vulgar tastes
sensationalism	n.	(philosophy) the ethical doctrine that feeling is the only criterion for what is good
sensationalism	n.	(philosophy) the doctrine that knowledge derives from experience
sensationalist	n.	someone who uses exaggerated or lurid material in order to gain public attention
sense	n.	a general conscious awareness
sense	n.	the meaning of a word or expression; the way in which a word or expression or situation can be interpreted
sense	n.	the faculty through which the external world is apprehended
sense	n.	sound practical judgment
sense	n.	a natural appreciation or ability
sense	v.	perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles
sense	v.	detect some circumstance or entity automatically
sense	v.	become aware of not through the senses but instinctively
sense	v.	comprehend
senseless	adj.	not marked by the use of reason
senseless	adj.	unresponsive to stimulation
senseless	adj.	serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being
senseless	adj.	(of especially persons) lacking sense or understanding or judgment
senselessness	n.	total lack of meaning or ideas
sensibilities	n.	mental responsiveness and awareness
sensibilities	n.	refined sensitivity to pleasurable or painful impressions
sensibilities	n.	(physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation
sensibility	n.	mental responsiveness and awareness
sensibility	n.	refined sensitivity to pleasurable or painful impressions
sensibility	n.	(physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation
sensible	adj.	showing reason or sound judgment
sensible	adj.	able to feel or perceive
sensible	adj.	readily perceived by the senses
sensible	adj.	aware intuitively or intellectually of something sensed; ; - Henry Hallam; - Edmund Burke
sensibleness	n.	the quality of showing good sense or practical judgment
sensibly	adv.	with good sense or in a reasonable or intelligent manner
sensitive	n.	someone who serves as an intermediary between the living and the dead
sensitive	adj.	responsive to physical stimuli
sensitive	adj.	being susceptible to the attitudes, feelings, or circumstances of others
sensitive	adj.	able to feel or perceive
sensitive	adj.	hurting
sensitive	adj.	of or pertaining to classified information or matters affecting national security
sensitiveness	n.	sensitivity to emotional feelings (of self and others)
sensitiveness	n.	(physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation
sensitiveness	n.	the ability to respond to physical stimuli or to register small physical amounts or differences
sensitiveness	n.	the ability to respond to affective changes in your interpersonal environment
sensitivities	n.	(physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation
sensitivities	n.	the ability to respond to physical stimuli or to register small physical amounts or differences
sensitivities	n.	sensitivity to emotional feelings (of self and others)
sensitivities	n.	susceptibility to a pathogen
sensitivities	n.	the ability to respond to affective changes in your interpersonal environment
sensitivity	n.	(physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation
sensitivity	n.	the ability to respond to physical stimuli or to register small physical amounts or differences
sensitivity	n.	sensitivity to emotional feelings (of self and others)
sensitivity	n.	susceptibility to a pathogen
sensitivity	n.	the ability to respond to affective changes in your interpersonal environment
sensitization	n.	the state of being sensitive (as to an antigen)
sensitization	n.	(psychology) the process of becoming highly sensitive to specific events or situations (especially emotional events or situations)
sensitization	n.	rendering an organism sensitive to a serum by a series of injections
sensitize	v.	make sensitive or aware
sensitize	v.	cause to sense; make sensitive
sensitize	v.	make sensitive to a drug or allergen
sensitize	v.	make (a material) sensitive to light, often of a particular colour, by coating it with a photographic emulsion
sensor	n.	any device that receives a signal or stimulus (as heat or pressure or light or motion etc.) and responds to it in a distinctive manner
sensory	adj.	of a nerve fiber or impulse originating outside and passing toward the central nervous system
sensory	adj.	involving or derived from the senses
sensory	adj.	relating to or concerned in sensation
sensual	adj.	marked by the appetites and passions of the body
sensual	adj.	sexually exciting or gratifying
sensualist	n.	a person who enjoys sensuality
sensuality	n.	desire for sensual pleasures
sensuous	adj.	taking delight in beauty
sensuousness	n.	a sensuous feeling
sent	n.	100 senti equal 1 kroon in Estonia
sent	v.	cause to go somewhere
sent	v.	to cause or order to be taken, directed, or transmitted to another place
sent	v.	cause to be directed or transmitted to another place
sent	v.	transport commercially
sent	v.	assign to a station
sent	v.	transfer
sent	v.	cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution
sent	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
sent	adj.	caused or enabled to go or be conveyed or transmitted
sentence	n.	a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language
sentence	n.	(criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in a criminal case and the punishment that is imposed
sentence	n.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned
sentence	v.	pronounce a sentence on (somebody) in a court of law
sententious	adj.	abounding in or given to pompous or aphoristic moralizing; - Kathleen Barnes
sententious	adj.	concise and full of meaning; ; - Hervey Allen
sentience	n.	state of elementary or undifferentiated consciousness
sentience	n.	the faculty through which the external world is apprehended
sentience	n.	the readiness to perceive sensations; elementary or undifferentiated consciousness; - Richard Eberhart
sentient	adj.	endowed with feeling and unstructured consciousness; - T.E.Lawrence
sentient	adj.	consciously perceiving; ; - W.A.White
sentiment	n.	tender, romantic, or nostalgic feeling or emotion
sentiment	n.	a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
sentimental	adj.	given to or marked by sentiment or sentimentality
sentimental	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
sentimentalism	n.	the excessive expression of tender feelings, nostalgia, or sadness in any form
sentimentalism	n.	a predilection for sentimentality
sentimentalist	n.	someone who indulges in excessive sentimentality
sentimentality	n.	falsely emotional in a maudlin way
sentimentality	n.	extravagant or affected feeling or emotion
sentimentalization	n.	the act of indulging in sentiment
sentimentalize	v.	look at with sentimentality or turn into an object of sentiment
sentimentalize	v.	make (someone or something) sentimental or imbue with sentimental qualities
sentimentalize	v.	act in a sentimental way or indulge in sentimental thoughts or expression
sentinel	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
sentry	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
seoul	n.	the capital of South Korea and the largest city of Asia; located in northwestern South Korea
sep	n.	the month following August and preceding October
sepal	n.	one of the green parts that form the calyx of a flower
separability	n.	the capability of being separated
separable	adj.	capable of being divided or dissociated
separably	adv.	with possibility of separation or individuation
separate	n.	a separately printed article that originally appeared in a larger publication
separate	n.	a garment that can be purchased separately and worn in combinations with other garments
separate	v.	act as a barrier between; stand between
separate	v.	force, take, or pull apart
separate	v.	mark as different
separate	v.	separate into parts or portions
separate	v.	divide into components or constituents
separate	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
separate	v.	make a division or separation
separate	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
separate	v.	go one's own way; move apart
separate	v.	become separated into pieces or fragments
separate	v.	treat differently on the basis of sex or race
separate	v.	come apart
separate	v.	divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork
separate	adj.	independent; not united or joint
separate	adj.	standing apart; not attached to or supported by anything
separate	adj.	separated according to race, sex, class, or religion
separate	adj.	have the connection undone; having become separate
separateness	n.	the state of being several and distinct
separateness	n.	political independence
separateness	n.	the quality of being not alike; being distinct or different from that otherwise experienced or known
separation	n.	the state of lacking unity
separation	n.	coming apart
separation	n.	the distance between things
separation	n.	sorting one thing from others
separation	n.	the social act of separating or parting company
separation	n.	the space where a division or parting occurs
separation	n.	the termination of employment (by resignation or dismissal)
separation	n.	(law) the cessation of cohabitation of man and wife (either by mutual agreement or under a court order)
separation	n.	the act of dividing or disconnecting
separatism	n.	a social system that provides separate facilities for minority groups
separatism	n.	a disposition toward schism and secession from a larger group; the principles and practices of separatists
separatism	n.	advocacy of a policy of strict separation of church and state
separatist	n.	an advocate of secession or separation from a larger group (such as an established church or a national union)
separatist	adj.	having separated or advocating separation from another entity or policy or attitude
separator	n.	an apparatus that uses centrifugal force to separate particles from a suspension
sephardi	n.	a Jew who is of Spanish or Portuguese or North African descent
sepia	n.	a shade of brown with a tinge of red
sepia	n.	rich brown pigment prepared from the ink of cuttlefishes
sepia	n.	type genus of the Sepiidae
sepsis	n.	the presence of pus-forming bacteria or their toxins in the blood or tissues
sept	n.	the month following August and preceding October
sept	n.	people descended from a common ancestor
septa	n.	(anatomy) a dividing partition between two tissues or cavities
septa	n.	a partition or wall especially in an ovary
septal	adj.	of or relating to a septum
september	n.	the month following August and preceding October
septet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of six and one
septet	n.	seven performers or singers who perform together
septet	n.	a set of seven similar things considered as a unit
septet	n.	seven people considered as a unit
septet	n.	a musical composition written for seven performers
septic	adj.	containing or resulting from disease-causing organisms
septic	adj.	of or relating to or caused by putrefaction
septicemia	n.	invasion of the bloodstream by virulent microorganisms from a focus of infection
septicemic	adj.	characteristic of septicemia
septuagenarian	n.	someone whose age is in the seventies
septuagint	n.	the oldest Greek version of the Old Testament; said to have been translated from the Hebrew by Jewish scholars at the request of Ptolemy II
septum	n.	(anatomy) a dividing partition between two tissues or cavities
septum	n.	a partition or wall especially in an ovary
sepulcher	n.	a chamber that is used as a grave
sepulchral	adj.	of or relating to a sepulchre
sepulchral	adj.	gruesomely indicative of death or the dead
sepulchral	adj.	suited to or suggestive of a grave or burial
sequel	n.	something that follows something else
sequel	n.	a part added to a book or play that continues and extends it
sequence	n.	serial arrangement in which things follow in logical order or a recurrent pattern
sequence	n.	a following of one thing after another in time
sequence	n.	film consisting of a succession of related shots that develop a given subject in a movie
sequence	n.	the action of following in order
sequence	n.	several repetitions of a melodic phrase in different keys
sequence	v.	arrange in a sequence
sequence	v.	determine the order of constituents in
sequencing	v.	arrange in a sequence
sequencing	v.	determine the order of constituents in
sequential	adj.	in regular succession without gaps
sequester	v.	requisition forcibly, as of enemy property
sequester	v.	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority
sequester	v.	undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion
sequester	v.	keep away from others
sequester	v.	set apart from others
sequestrate	v.	keep away from others
sequestrate	v.	set apart from others
sequestration	n.	the act of segregating or sequestering
sequestration	n.	the action of forming a chelate or other stable compound with an ion or atom or molecule so that it is no longer available for reactions
sequestration	n.	a writ that authorizes the seizure of property
sequestration	n.	seizing property that belongs to someone else and holding it until profits pay the demand for which it was seized
sequin	n.	adornment consisting of a small piece of shiny material used to decorate clothing
sequoia	n.	either of two huge coniferous California trees that reach a height of 300 feet; sometimes placed in the Taxodiaceae
sequoya	n.	Cherokee who created a notation for writing the Cherokee language (1770-1843)
seraglio	n.	living quarters reserved for wives and concubines and female relatives in a Muslim household
serape	n.	a long brightly colored shawl; worn mainly by Mexican men
seraph	n.	an angel of the first order; usually portrayed as the winged head of a child
seraphic	adj.	of or relating to an angel of the first order
seraphic	adj.	having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub
seraphs	n.	an angel of the first order; usually portrayed as the winged head of a child
serb	n.	a member of a Slavic people who settled in Serbia and neighboring areas in the 6th and 7th centuries
serbia	n.	a historical region in central and northern Yugoslavia; Serbs settled the region in the 6th and 7th centuries
serbian	n.	a member of a Slavic people who settled in Serbia and neighboring areas in the 6th and 7th centuries
serbian	adj.	of or relating to the people or language or culture of the region of Serbia
sere	adj.	(used especially of vegetation) having lost all moisture
serenade	n.	a musical composition in several movements; has no fixed form
serenade	n.	a song characteristically played outside the house of a woman
serenade	v.	sing and play for somebody
serendipitous	adj.	lucky in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries
serendipity	n.	good luck in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries
serene	adj.	not agitated; without losing self-possession
serene	adj.	completely clear and fine
serengeti	n.	a vast plain in Tanzania to the west of the Great Rift Valley known for its wildlife
serenity	n.	a disposition free from stress or emotion
serenity	n.	the absence of mental stress or anxiety
serf	n.	(Middle Ages) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord
serfdom	n.	the state of a serf
serge	n.	a twilled woolen fabric
sergeant	n.	any of several noncommissioned officer ranks in the Army or Air Force or Marines ranking above a corporal
sergeant	n.	a lawman with the rank of sergeant
sergeant	n.	an English barrister of the highest rank
serial	n.	a serialized set of programs
serial	n.	a periodical that appears at scheduled times
serial	adj.	in regular succession without gaps
serial	adj.	pertaining to or composed in serial technique
serial	adj.	pertaining to or occurring in or producing a series
serial	adj.	of or relating to the sequential performance of multiple operations
serialization	n.	publication in serial form
serialize	v.	arrange serially
series	n.	similar things placed in order or happening one after another
series	n.	a serialized set of programs
series	n.	a periodical that appears at scheduled times
series	n.	(sports) several contests played successively by the same teams
series	n.	(electronics) connection of components in such a manner that current flows first through one and then through the other
series	n.	a group of postage stamps having a common theme or a group of coins or currency selected as a group for study or collection
series	n.	(mathematics) the sum of a finite or infinite sequence of expressions
serif	n.	a short line at the end of the main strokes of a character
serigraph	n.	a print made using a stencil process in which an image or design is superimposed on a very fine mesh screen and printing ink is squeegeed onto the printing surface through the area of the screen that is not covered by the stencil
serigraphs	n.	a print made using a stencil process in which an image or design is superimposed on a very fine mesh screen and printing ink is squeegeed onto the printing surface through the area of the screen that is not covered by the stencil
serine	n.	a sweetish crystalline amino acid involved in the synthesis by the body of cysteine
serious	adj.	concerned with work or important matters rather than play or trivialities
serious	adj.	of great consequence
serious	adj.	causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm
serious	adj.	appealing to the mind
serious	adj.	completely lacking in playfulness
serious	adj.	requiring effort or concentration; complex and not easy to answer or solve
seriousness	n.	an earnest and sincere feeling
seriousness	n.	the quality of arousing fear or distress
seriousness	n.	the trait of being serious; - Robert Rice
sermon	n.	an address of a religious nature (usually delivered during a church service)
sermon	n.	a moralistic rebuke
sermonize	v.	speak as if delivering a sermon; express moral judgements
serology	n.	the branch of medical science that deals with serums; especially with blood serums and disease
serotonin	n.	a neurotransmitter involved in e.g. sleep and depression and memory
serous	adj.	of or producing or containing serum
serpens	n.	a constellation in the equatorial region of the northern hemisphere near Ophiuchus and Corona Borealis
serpent	n.	limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous
serpent	n.	a firework that moves in serpentine manner when ignited
serpent	n.	an obsolete bass cornet; resembles a snake
serpentine	adj.	resembling a serpent in form
serra	n.	Spanish missionary who founded Franciscan missions in California (1713-1784)
serrate	v.	make saw-toothed or jag the edge of
serrate	adj.	notched like a saw with teeth pointing toward the apex
serration	n.	the condition of being serrated
serration	n.	a row of notches
serration	n.	a single notch in a row of notches
serried	adj.	(especially of rows as of troops or mountains) pressed together
serum	n.	an amber, watery fluid, rich in proteins, that separates out when blood coagulates
servant	n.	a person working in the service of another (especially in the household)
servant	n.	in a subordinate position
serve	n.	(sports) a stroke that puts the ball in play
serve	v.	serve a purpose, role, or function
serve	v.	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function
serve	v.	contribute or conduce to
serve	v.	be used by; as of a utility
serve	v.	help to some food; help with food or drink
serve	v.	provide (usually but not necessarily food)
serve	v.	devote (part of) one's life or efforts to, as of countries, institutions, or ideas
serve	v.	promote, benefit, or be useful or beneficial to
serve	v.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp
serve	v.	work for or be a servant to
serve	v.	deliver a warrant or summons to someone
serve	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
serve	v.	do military service
serve	v.	mate with
serve	v.	put the ball into play
server	n.	a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant)
server	n.	(court games) the player who serves to start a point
server	n.	(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network
server	n.	utensil used in serving food or drink
service	n.	work done by one person or group that benefits another
service	n.	an act of help or assistance
service	n.	the act of public worship following prescribed rules
service	n.	a company or agency that performs a public service; subject to government regulation
service	n.	employment in or work for another
service	n.	a force that is a branch of the armed forces
service	n.	Canadian writer (born in England) who wrote about life in the Yukon Territory (1874-1958)
service	n.	a means of serving
service	n.	tableware consisting of a complete set of articles (silver or dishware) for use at table
service	n.	the act of mating by male animals
service	n.	(law) the acts performed by an English feudal tenant for the benefit of his lord which formed the consideration for the property granted to him
service	n.	(sports) a stroke that puts the ball in play
service	n.	the act of delivering a writ or summons upon someone
service	n.	periodic maintenance on a car or machine
service	n.	the performance of duties by a waiter or servant
service	v.	be used by; as of a utility
service	v.	make fit for use
service	v.	mate with
serviceability	n.	the quality of being able to provide good service
serviceable	adj.	ready for service or able to give long service
serviceable	adj.	capable of being put to good use
serviceable	adj.	intended or able to serve a purpose without elaboration
serviced	v.	be used by; as of a utility
serviced	v.	make fit for use
serviced	v.	mate with
serviceman	n.	someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force
servicemen	n.	someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force
servicing	n.	the act of mating by male animals
servicing	v.	be used by; as of a utility
servicing	v.	make fit for use
servicing	v.	mate with
serviette	n.	a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the lap in order to protect clothing
servile	adj.	submissive or fawning in attitude or behavior
servile	adj.	relating to or involving slaves or appropriate for slaves or servants
servility	n.	abject or cringing submissiveness
servings	n.	an individual quantity of food or drink taken as part of a meal
servings	n.	the act of delivering a writ or summons upon someone
servitor	n.	someone who performs the duties of an attendant for someone else
servitude	n.	state of subjection to an owner or master or forced labor imposed as punishment
servo	n.	control system that converts a small mechanical motion into one requiring much greater power; may include a negative feedback system
servo	adj.	of or involving servomechanisms
servomechanism	n.	control system that converts a small mechanical motion into one requiring much greater power; may include a negative feedback system
sesame	n.	East Indian annual erect herb; source of sesame seed or benniseed and sesame oil
sesquicentennial	n.	the 150th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
session	n.	a meeting for execution of a group's functions
session	n.	the time during which a school holds classes
session	n.	a meeting devoted to a particular activity
session	n.	a meeting of spiritualists
set	n.	a group of things of the same kind that belong together and are so used
set	n.	(mathematics) an abstract collection of numbers or symbols
set	n.	several exercises intended to be done in series
set	n.	representation consisting of the scenery and other properties used to identify the location of a dramatic production
set	n.	an unofficial association of people or groups
set	n.	a relatively permanent inclination to react in a particular way
set	n.	the act of putting something in position
set	n.	a unit of play in tennis or squash
set	n.	the process of becoming hard or solid by cooling or drying or crystallization
set	n.	evil Egyptian god with the head of a beast that has high square ears and a long snout; brother and murderer of Osiris
set	n.	the descent of a heavenly body below the horizon
set	n.	(psychology) being temporarily ready to respond in a particular way
set	n.	any electronic equipment that receives or transmits radio or tv signals
set	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
set	v.	fix conclusively or authoritatively
set	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
set	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
set	v.	put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state
set	v.	fix in a border
set	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
set	v.	set to a certain position or cause to operate correctly
set	v.	locate
set	v.	disappear beyond the horizon
set	v.	adapt for performance in a different way
set	v.	put or set (seeds, seedlings, or plants) into the ground
set	v.	apply or start
set	v.	become gelatinous
set	v.	set in type
set	v.	put into a position that will restore a normal state
set	v.	insert (a nail or screw below the surface, as into a countersink)
set	v.	give a fine, sharp edge to a knife or razor
set	v.	urge to attack someone
set	v.	estimate
set	v.	equip with sails or masts
set	v.	get ready for a particular purpose or event
set	v.	alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard
set	v.	bear fruit
set	v.	arrange attractively
set	adj.	(usually followed by `to' or `for') on the point of or strongly disposed
set	adj.	fixed and unmoving; ; - Connor Cruise O'Brien
set	adj.	situated in a particular spot or position
set	adj.	set down according to a plan:
set	adj.	being below the horizon
set	adj.	determined or decided upon as by an authority
set	adj.	converted to solid form (as concrete)
setback	n.	an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting or frustrating
seth	n.	(Old Testament) third son of Adam and Eve; given by God in place of the murdered Abel
seth	n.	evil Egyptian god with the head of a beast that has high square ears and a long snout; brother and murderer of Osiris
seton	n.	United States religious leader who was the first person born in the United States to be canonized (1774-1821)
setscrew	n.	a screw that is used to adjust the tension on a spring
setscrew	n.	a screw (often without a head) that fits into the boss or hub of a wheel or cam etc. and prevents motion of the part relative to the shaft on which it is mounted
sett	n.	rectangular paving stone with curved top; once used to make roads
settee	n.	a long wooden bench with a back
settee	n.	a small sofa
setter	n.	one who sets written material into type
setter	n.	a long-haired dog formerly trained to crouch on finding game but now to point
setting	n.	the context and environment in which something is set
setting	n.	the state of the environment in which a situation exists
setting	n.	arrangement of scenery and properties to represent the place where a play or movie is enacted
setting	n.	the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event
setting	n.	the physical position of something
setting	n.	a table service for one person
setting	n.	a mounting consisting of a piece of metal (as in a ring or other jewelry) that holds a gem in place
setting	v.	put into a certain place or abstract location
setting	v.	fix conclusively or authoritatively
setting	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
setting	v.	establish as the highest level or best performance
setting	v.	put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state
setting	v.	fix in a border
setting	v.	make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc
setting	v.	set to a certain position or cause to operate correctly
setting	v.	locate
setting	v.	disappear beyond the horizon
setting	v.	adapt for performance in a different way
setting	v.	put or set (seeds, seedlings, or plants) into the ground
setting	v.	apply or start
setting	v.	become gelatinous
setting	v.	set in type
setting	v.	put into a position that will restore a normal state
setting	v.	insert (a nail or screw below the surface, as into a countersink)
setting	v.	give a fine, sharp edge to a knife or razor
setting	v.	urge to attack someone
setting	v.	estimate
setting	v.	equip with sails or masts
setting	v.	get ready for a particular purpose or event
setting	v.	alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard
setting	v.	bear fruit
setting	v.	arrange attractively
settle	n.	a long wooden bench with a back
settle	v.	settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground
settle	v.	bring to an end; settle conclusively
settle	v.	settle conclusively; come to terms
settle	v.	take up residence and become established
settle	v.	come to terms
settle	v.	go under,
settle	v.	become settled or established and stable in one's residence or life style
settle	v.	become resolved, fixed, established, or quiet
settle	v.	establish or develop as a residence
settle	v.	come to rest
settle	v.	arrange or fix in the desired order
settle	v.	accept despite lack of complete satisfaction
settle	v.	end a legal dispute by arriving at a settlement
settle	v.	dispose of; make a financial settlement
settle	v.	become clear by the sinking of particles
settle	v.	cause to become clear by forming a sediment (of liquids)
settle	v.	sink down or precipitate
settle	v.	fix firmly
settle	v.	get one's revenge for a wrong or an injury
settle	v.	make final; put the last touches on; put into final form
settle	v.	form a community
settle	v.	come as if by falling
settlement	n.	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government
settlement	n.	a community of people smaller than a town
settlement	n.	a conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition of it
settlement	n.	the act of colonizing; the establishment of colonies
settlement	n.	something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making
settlement	n.	an area where a group of families live together
settlement	n.	termination of a business operation by using its assets to discharge its liabilities
settlements	n.	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government
settlements	n.	a community of people smaller than a town
settlements	n.	a conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition of it
settlements	n.	the act of colonizing; the establishment of colonies
settlements	n.	something settled or resolved; the outcome of decision making
settlements	n.	an area where a group of families live together
settlements	n.	termination of a business operation by using its assets to discharge its liabilities
settler	n.	a person who settles in a new colony or moves into new country
settler	n.	a negotiator who settles disputes
settler	n.	a clerk in a betting shop who calculates the winnings
setup	n.	equipment designed to serve a specific function
setup	n.	the way something is organized or arranged
setup	n.	an act that incriminates someone on a false charge
seurat	n.	French painter who developed pointillism (1859-1891)
sevastopol	n.	a city in southern Ukraine on the Black Sea
seven	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of six and one
seven	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck with seven pips on the face
seven	adj.	being one more than six
seventeen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of sixteen and one
seventeen	adj.	being one more than sixteen
seventeenth	n.	position 17 in a countable series of things
seventeenth	adj.	coming next after the sixteenth in position
seventeenths	n.	position 17 in a countable series of things
seventh	n.	position seven in a countable series of things
seventh	n.	one part in seven equal parts
seventh	n.	the musical interval between one note and another seven notes away from it
seventh	adj.	coming next after the sixth and just before the eighth in position
sevenths	n.	position seven in a countable series of things
sevenths	n.	one part in seven equal parts
sevenths	n.	the musical interval between one note and another seven notes away from it
seventieth	n.	position 70 in a countable series of things
seventieth	adj.	the ordinal number of seventy in counting order
seventieths	n.	position 70 in a countable series of things
seventy	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and seven
seventy	adj.	being ten more than sixty
sever	v.	set or keep apart
sever	v.	cut off from a whole
several	adj.	(used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but not many
several	adj.	considered individually
several	adj.	distinct and individual
severance	n.	a personal or social separation (as between opposing factions)
severance	n.	the act of severing
severe	adj.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality
severe	adj.	very strong or vigorous
severe	adj.	severely simple
severe	adj.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment; - H.G.Wells
severe	adj.	causing fear or anxiety by threatening great harm
severe	adj.	very bad in degree or extent
severeness	n.	used of the degree of something undesirable e.g. pain or weather
severeness	n.	something hard to endure
severeness	n.	extreme plainness
severeness	n.	excessive sternness
severity	n.	used of the degree of something undesirable e.g. pain or weather
severity	n.	something hard to endure
severity	n.	extreme plainness
severity	n.	excessive sternness
severn	n.	a river in Ontario that flows northeast into Hudson Bay
severn	n.	a river in England and Wales flowing into the Bristol Channel; the longest river in Great Britain
seville	n.	a city in southwestern Spain; a major port and cultural center; the capital of bullfighting in Spain
sew	v.	fasten by sewing; do needlework
sew	v.	create (clothes) with cloth
sewage	n.	waste matter carried away in sewers or drains
seward	n.	United States politician who as Secretary of State in 1867 arranged for the purchase of Alaska from Russia (known at the time as Seward's Folly) (1801-1872)
sewer	n.	a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water
sewer	n.	someone who sews
sewer	n.	misfortune resulting in lost effort or money
sewerage	n.	waste matter carried away in sewers or drains
sewerage	n.	a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water
sewing	n.	joining or attaching by stitches
sewing	n.	needlework on which you are working with needle and thread
sewing	v.	fasten by sewing; do needlework
sewing	v.	create (clothes) with cloth
sewn	v.	fasten by sewing; do needlework
sewn	v.	create (clothes) with cloth
sewn	adj.	fastened with stitches
sex	n.	activities associated with sexual intercourse
sex	n.	either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided
sex	n.	all of the feelings resulting from the urge to gratify sexual impulses
sex	n.	the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive roles
sex	v.	stimulate sexually
sex	v.	tell the sex (of young chickens)
sexagenarian	n.	someone whose age is in the sixties
sexagenarian	adj.	being from 60 to 69 years old
sexiness	n.	the arousal of feelings of sexual desire
sexism	n.	discriminatory or abusive behavior towards members of the opposite sex
sexist	n.	a man with a chauvinistic belief in the inferiority of women
sexist	adj.	discriminatory on the basis of sex (usually said of men's attitude toward women)
sexless	adj.	having no or imperfectly developed or nonfunctional sex organs
sexless	adj.	having no sexual desire
sexless	adj.	sexually unattractive
sexpot	n.	a young woman who is thought to have sex appeal
sextant	n.	a unit of angular distance equal to 60 degrees
sextant	n.	a measuring instrument for measuring the angular distance between celestial objects; resembles an octant
sextet	n.	a musical composition written for six performers
sextet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of five and one
sextet	n.	six performers or singers who perform together
sextet	n.	a set of six similar things considered as a unit
sextet	n.	six people considered as a unit
sexton	n.	United States poet (1928-1974)
sexton	n.	an officer of the church who is in charge of sacred objects
sextuplet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of five and one
sexual	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by sexuality
sexual	adj.	having or involving sex
sexual	adj.	involved in a sexual relationship
sexuality	n.	the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive roles
sexy	adj.	marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest
sexy	adj.	exciting sexual desire
seychelles	n.	a republic on the Seychelles islands; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1976
seychelles	n.	a group of about 90 islands in the western Indian Ocean to the north of Madagascar
seymour	n.	Queen of England as the third wife of Henry VIII and mother of Edward VI (1509-1537)
sgml	n.	(computer science) a standardized language for the descriptive markup of documents; a set of rules for using whatever markup vocabulary is adopted
shabbily	adv.	so as to appear worn and threadbare or dilapidated
shabbily	adv.	in a mean and ungenerous manner
shabbiness	n.	a lack of elegance as a consequence of wearing threadbare or dirty clothing
shabbiness	n.	an unjust act
shabby	adj.	showing signs of wear and tear
shabby	adj.	mean and unworthy and despicable
shack	n.	small crude shelter used as a dwelling
shack	v.	make one's home in a particular place or community
shack	v.	move, proceed, or walk draggingly or slowly
shackle	n.	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner)
shackle	n.	a U-shaped bar; the open end can be passed through chain links and closed with a bar
shackle	v.	bind the arms of
shackle	v.	restrain with fetters
shad	n.	bony flesh of herring-like fish usually caught during their migration to fresh water for spawning; especially of Atlantic coast
shad	n.	herring-like food fishes that migrate from the sea to fresh water to spawn
shade	n.	relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque body
shade	n.	a quality of a given color that differs slightly from another color
shade	n.	protective covering that protects something from direct sunlight
shade	n.	a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude
shade	n.	a position of relative inferiority
shade	n.	a slight amount or degree of difference
shade	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
shade	n.	a representation of the effect of shadows in a picture or drawing (as by shading or darker pigment)
shade	v.	cast a shadow over
shade	v.	represent the effect of shade or shadow on
shade	v.	protect from light, heat, or view
shade	v.	vary slightly
shade	v.	pass from one quality such as color to another by a slight degree
shadiness	n.	relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque body
shadiness	n.	of questionable honesty or legality
shading	n.	graded markings that indicate light or shaded areas in a drawing or painting
shading	n.	a gradation involving small or imperceptible differences between grades
shading	v.	cast a shadow over
shading	v.	represent the effect of shade or shadow on
shading	v.	protect from light, heat, or view
shading	v.	vary slightly
shading	v.	pass from one quality such as color to another by a slight degree
shadow	n.	shade within clear boundaries
shadow	n.	an unilluminated area
shadow	n.	something existing in perception only
shadow	n.	a premonition of something adverse
shadow	n.	an indication that something has been present
shadow	n.	refuge from danger or observation
shadow	n.	a dominating and pervasive presence
shadow	n.	a spy employed to follow someone and report their movements
shadow	n.	an inseparable companion
shadow	v.	follow, usually without the person's knowledge
shadow	v.	cast a shadow over
shadow	v.	make appear small by comparison
shadowbox	v.	go through boxing motions without an opponent
shadowy	adj.	filled with shade
shadowy	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
shadowy	adj.	lacking in substance; - W.A.Butler
shady	adj.	(of businesses and businessmen) unscrupulous
shady	adj.	of questionable taste or morality
shady	adj.	not as expected
shady	adj.	filled with shade
shaft	n.	a line that forms the length of an arrow pointer
shaft	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
shaft	n.	a long rod or pole (especially the handle of an implement or the body of a weapon like a spear or arrow)
shaft	n.	a column of light (as from a beacon)
shaft	n.	the main (mid) section of a long bone
shaft	n.	obscene terms for penis
shaft	n.	a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon
shaft	n.	a vertical passageway through a building (as for an elevator)
shaft	n.	(architecture) upright consisting of the vertical part of a column
shaft	n.	a long vertical passage sunk into the earth, as for a mine or tunnel
shaft	n.	a revolving rod that transmits power or motion
shaft	n.	the hollow spine of a feather
shaft	v.	equip with a shaft
shaft	v.	defeat someone through trickery or deceit
shag	n.	a strong coarse tobacco that has been shredded
shag	n.	a matted tangle of hair or fiber
shag	n.	a fabric with long coarse nap
shag	n.	slang for sexual intercourse
shag	n.	a lively dance step consisting of hopping on each foot in turn
shag	v.	dance the shag
shagged	v.	dance the shag
shagged	adj.	having a very rough nap or covered with hanging shags
shagginess	n.	unkemptness of hair
shagginess	n.	roughness of nap produced by long woolly hairs
shagging	v.	dance the shag
shaggy	adj.	used of hair; thick and poorly groomed
shaggy	adj.	having a very rough nap or covered with hanging shags
shah	n.	title for the former hereditary monarch of Iran
shahs	n.	title for the former hereditary monarch of Iran
shake	n.	building material used as siding or roofing
shake	n.	frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream
shake	n.	a note that alternates rapidly with another note a semitone above it
shake	n.	grasping and shaking a person's hand (as to acknowledge an introduction or to agree on a contract)
shake	n.	a reflex motion caused by cold or fear or excitement
shake	n.	causing to move repeatedly from side to side
shake	v.	move or cause to move back and forth
shake	v.	move with or as if with a tremor
shake	v.	shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively
shake	v.	move back and forth or sideways
shake	v.	undermine or cause to waver
shake	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
shake	v.	get rid of
shake	v.	bring to a specified condition by or as if by shaking
shake	v.	shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting, feeling, or cognitive state
shakedown	n.	initial adjustments to improve the functioning or the efficiency and to bring to a more satisfactory state
shakedown	n.	a very thorough search of a person or a place
shakedown	n.	extortion of money (as by blackmail)
shakedown	adj.	intended to test a new system under operating conditions and to familiarize the operators with the system
shaken	v.	move or cause to move back and forth
shaken	v.	move with or as if with a tremor
shaken	v.	shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively
shaken	v.	move back and forth or sideways
shaken	v.	undermine or cause to waver
shaken	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
shaken	v.	get rid of
shaken	v.	bring to a specified condition by or as if by shaking
shaken	v.	shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting, feeling, or cognitive state
shaken	adj.	disturbed psychologically as if by a physical jolt or shock
shakeout	n.	an economic condition that results in the elimination of marginally financed participants in an industry
shaker	n.	a person who wields power and influence
shaker	n.	a member of Christian group practicing celibacy and communal living and common possession of property and separation from the world
shaker	n.	a container in which something can be shaken
shakespeare	n.	English poet and dramatist considered one of the greatest English writers (1564-1616)
shakespearean	n.	a Shakespearean scholar
shakespearean	adj.	of or relating to William Shakespeare or his works
shakeup	n.	the imposition of a new organization; organizing differently (often involving extensive and drastic changes)
shakily	adv.	in an insecurely shaky manner
shakily	adv.	in a manner characterized by trembling or shaking
shakiness	n.	a shaky motion
shakiness	n.	the quality of being unstable and insecure
shaky	adj.	inclined to shake as from weakness or defect
shaky	adj.	vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the leaves of an aspen in a breeze
shaky	adj.	not secure; beset with difficulties
shale	n.	a sedimentary rock formed by the deposition of successive layers of clay
shallot	n.	aggregate bulb of the multiplier onion
shallot	n.	type of onion plant producing small clustered mild-flavored bulbs used as seasoning
shallot	n.	small mild-flavored onion-like or garlic-like clustered bulbs used for seasoning
shallow	n.	a stretch of shallow water
shallow	v.	make shallow
shallow	v.	become shallow
shallow	adj.	lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center
shallow	adj.	not deep or strong; not affecting one deeply
shallow	adj.	lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious
shallowness	n.	lack of depth of knowledge or thought or feeling
shallowness	n.	the quality of lacking physical depth
sham	n.	something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be
sham	n.	a person who makes deceitful pretenses
sham	v.	make a pretence of
sham	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
sham	adj.	adopted in order to deceive
shaman	n.	in societies practicing shamanism: one acting as a medium between the visible and spirit worlds; practices sorcery for healing or divination
shamanism	n.	any animistic religion similar to Asian shamanism (especially as practiced by certain Native American tribes)
shamanism	n.	an animistic religion of northern Asia having the belief that the mediation between the visible and the spirit worlds is effected by shamans
shamanistic	adj.	of or relating to shamanism
shamble	n.	walking with a slow dragging motion without lifting your feet
shamble	v.	walk by dragging one's feet
shambles	n.	a condition of great disorder
shambles	n.	a building where animals are butchered
shambles	n.	walking with a slow dragging motion without lifting your feet
shambles	v.	walk by dragging one's feet
shambolic	adj.	(British slang) disorderly or chaotic
shame	n.	a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt
shame	n.	a state of dishonor
shame	n.	an unfortunate development
shame	v.	bring shame or dishonor upon
shame	v.	compel through a sense of shame
shame	v.	cause to be ashamed
shame	v.	surpass or beat by a wide margin
shamefaced	adj.	extremely modest or shy; - H.O.Taylor
shamefaced	adj.	showing a sense of shame
shamefaced	adj.	showing a sense of guilt; ; - Eric Linklater
shameful	adj.	(used of conduct or character) deserving or bringing disgrace or shame; - Rachel Carson
shameful	adj.	giving offense to moral sensibilities and injurious to reputation; ; - Thackeray
shamefulness	n.	unworthiness meriting public disgrace and dishonor
shameless	adj.	feeling no shame
shamelessness	n.	behavior marked by a bold defiance of the proprieties and lack of shame
shammed	v.	make a pretence of
shammed	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
shamming	v.	make a pretence of
shamming	v.	make believe with the intent to deceive
shampoo	n.	cleansing agent consisting of soaps or detergents used for washing the hair
shampoo	n.	the act of washing your hair with shampoo
shampoo	v.	use shampoo on (hair)
shamrock	n.	creeping European clover having white to pink flowers and bright green leaves; naturalized in United States; widely grown for forage
shamrock	n.	Eurasian plant with heart-shaped trifoliate leaves and white purple-veined flowers
shamrock	n.	clover native to Ireland with yellowish flowers; often considered the true or original shamrock
shandy	n.	a drink made of beer and lemonade
shanghai	n.	the largest city of China; located in the east on the Pacific; one of the largest ports in the world
shanghai	v.	take (someone) against his will for compulsory service, especially on board a ship
shank	n.	a cut of meat (beef or veal or mutton or lamb) from the upper part of the leg
shank	n.	the part of the human leg between the knee and the ankle
shank	n.	cylinder forming a long narrow part of something
shank	n.	cylinder forming the part of a bolt between the thread and the head
shank	n.	cylinder forming the part of a bit by which it is held in the drill
shank	n.	the narrow part of the shoe connecting the heel and the wide part of the sole
shank	n.	lower part of the leg extending from the hock to the fetlock in hoofed mammals
shank	n.	a poor golf stroke in which the heel of the club hits the ball
shank	v.	hit (a golf ball) with the heel of a club, causing the ball to veer in the wrong direction
shannon	n.	United States electrical engineer who pioneered mathematical communication theory (1916-2001)
shantung	n.	a heavy silk fabric with a rough surface (or a cotton imitation)
shanty	n.	small crude shelter used as a dwelling
shanty	n.	a rhythmical work song originally sung by sailors
shantytown	n.	a city district inhabited by people living in huts and shanties
shape	n.	any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)
shape	n.	the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance
shape	n.	alternative names for the body of a human being
shape	n.	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept
shape	n.	the visual appearance of something or someone
shape	n.	the state of (good) health (especially in the phrases `in condition' or `in shape' or `out of condition' or `out of shape')
shape	n.	the supreme headquarters that advises NATO on military matters and oversees all aspects of the Allied Command Europe
shape	n.	a perceptual structure
shape	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
shape	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
shape	v.	give shape or form to
shaped	v.	shape or influence; give direction to
shaped	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
shaped	v.	give shape or form to
shaped	adj.	shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass (as by work or effort)
shaped	adj.	having the shape of
shapeless	adj.	having no definite form or distinct shape
shapeless	adj.	lacking symmetry or attractive form
shapelessness	n.	an amorphous or indefinite shape
shapelessness	n.	the quality of lacking an esthetically pleasing shape
shapeliness	n.	the quality of having a well-rounded body
shapely	adj.	having a well-proportioned and pleasing shape
shard	n.	a broken piece of a brittle artifact
share	n.	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group
share	n.	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate
share	n.	the allotment of some amount by dividing something
share	n.	the part played by a person in bringing about a result
share	n.	a sharp steel wedge that cuts loose the top layer of soil
share	v.	have in common
share	v.	use jointly or in common
share	v.	have, give, or receive a share of
share	v.	give out as one's portion or share
share	v.	communicate
sharecropper	n.	small farmers and tenants
shareholder	n.	someone who holds shares of stock in a corporation
shareholding	n.	a holding in the form of shares of corporations
sharer	n.	someone who has or gives or receives a part or a share
shareware	n.	software that is available free of charge; may be distributed for evaluation with a fee requested for additional features or a manual etc.
shari	n.	an African river that flows northwest into Lake Chad
sharia	n.	the code of law derived from the Koran and from the teachings and example of Mohammed
shariah	n.	the code of law derived from the Koran and from the teachings and example of Mohammed
shark	n.	any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal caudal fins and tough skin covered with small toothlike scales
shark	n.	a person who is ruthless and greedy and dishonest
shark	n.	a person who is unusually skilled in certain ways
shark	v.	play the shark; act with trickery
shark	v.	hunt shark
sharkskin	n.	a smooth crisp fabric
sharp	n.	a musical notation indicating one half step higher than the note named
sharp	n.	a long thin sewing needle with a sharp point
sharp	adj.	(of something seen or heard) clearly defined
sharp	adj.	ending in a sharp point
sharp	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
sharp	adj.	marked by practical hardheaded intelligence
sharp	adj.	harsh
sharp	adj.	having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones
sharp	adj.	extremely steep
sharp	adj.	keenly and painfully felt; as if caused by a sharp edge or point
sharp	adj.	having or made by a thin edge or sharp point; suitable for cutting or piercing
sharp	adj.	(of a musical note) raised in pitch by one chromatic semitone
sharp	adj.	very sudden and in great amount or degree
sharp	adj.	quick and forceful
sharp	adv.	changing suddenly in direction and degree
sharpen	v.	make sharp or sharper
sharpen	v.	make crisp or more crisp and precise
sharpen	v.	become sharp or sharper
sharpen	v.	put (an image) into focus
sharpen	v.	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper
sharpen	v.	raise the pitch of (musical notes)
sharpen	v.	give a point to
sharpen	v.	make (one's senses) more acute
sharpener	n.	any implement that is used to make something (an edge or a point) sharper
sharper	n.	a professional card player who makes a living by cheating at card games
sharper	adj.	(of something seen or heard) clearly defined
sharper	adj.	ending in a sharp point
sharper	adj.	having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions
sharper	adj.	marked by practical hardheaded intelligence
sharper	adj.	harsh
sharper	adj.	having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones
sharper	adj.	extremely steep
sharper	adj.	keenly and painfully felt; as if caused by a sharp edge or point
sharper	adj.	having or made by a thin edge or sharp point; suitable for cutting or piercing
sharper	adj.	(of a musical note) raised in pitch by one chromatic semitone
sharper	adj.	very sudden and in great amount or degree
sharper	adj.	quick and forceful
sharpie	n.	an alert and energetic person
sharpie	n.	a professional card player who makes a living by cheating at card games
sharpie	n.	a pen with indelible ink that will write on any surface
sharpie	n.	a shallow-draft sailboat with a sharp prow, flat bottom, and triangular sail; formerly used along the northern Atlantic coast of the United States
sharpness	n.	a quick and penetrating intelligence
sharpness	n.	the attribute of urgency in tone of voice
sharpness	n.	a strong odor or taste property
sharpness	n.	the quality of being keenly and painfully felt
sharpness	n.	thinness of edge or fineness of point
sharpness	n.	the quality of being sharp and clear
sharpness	n.	harshness of manner
sharpshooter	n.	an athlete noted for accurate aim
sharpshooter	n.	someone skilled in shooting
sharpshooter	n.	a fast schooner once used by New England fisherman for illegal fishing in Canadian waters
sharpshooting	v.	aim and shoot with great precision
shasta	n.	a member of the Indian people of northern California and southern Oregon
shasta	n.	a volcanic mountain peak in the Cascade Range in northern California (14,162 feet high)
shasta	n.	the Shastan language spoken by the Shasta
shatter	v.	break into many pieces
shatter	v.	damage or destroy
shatter	v.	cause to break into many pieces
shatterproof	adj.	resistant to shattering or splintering
shave	n.	the act of removing hair with a razor
shave	v.	remove body hair with a razor
shave	v.	cut closely
shave	v.	cut the price of
shave	v.	cut or remove with or as if with a plane
shave	v.	make shavings of or reduce to shavings
shave	v.	touch the surface of lightly
shaven	v.	remove body hair with a razor
shaven	v.	cut closely
shaven	v.	cut the price of
shaven	v.	cut or remove with or as if with a plane
shaven	v.	make shavings of or reduce to shavings
shaven	v.	touch the surface of lightly
shaven	adj.	having the beard or hair cut off close to the skin
shaver	n.	an adult male who shaves
shaver	n.	a young person of either sex
shaver	n.	a razor powered by an electric motor
shavian	n.	an admirer of G. B. Shaw or his works
shavian	adj.	of or relating to George Bernard Shaw or his works
shaving	n.	the act of removing hair with a razor
shaving	n.	a thin fragment or slice (especially of wood) that has been shaved from something
shaving	n.	the act of brushing against while passing
shaving	v.	remove body hair with a razor
shaving	v.	cut closely
shaving	v.	cut the price of
shaving	v.	cut or remove with or as if with a plane
shaving	v.	make shavings of or reduce to shavings
shaving	v.	touch the surface of lightly
shavuot	n.	(Judaism) Jewish holy day celebrated on the sixth of Sivan to celebrate Moses receiving the Ten Commandments
shaw	n.	United States clarinetist and leader of a swing band (1910-2004)
shaw	n.	United States humorist who wrote about rural life (1818-1885)
shaw	n.	United States physician and suffragist (1847-1919)
shaw	n.	British playwright (born in Ireland); founder of the Fabian Society (1856-1950)
shawl	n.	cloak consisting of an oblong piece of cloth used to cover the head and shoulders
shawn	n.	United States dancer and choreographer who collaborated with Ruth Saint Denis (1891-1972)
shawnee	n.	a member of the Algonquian people formerly living along the Tennessee river
shawnee	n.	the Algonquian language spoken by the Shawnee
shay	n.	a carriage consisting of two wheels and a calash top; drawn by a single horse
sheaf	n.	a package of several things tied together for carrying or storing
shear	n.	(physics) a deformation of an object in which parallel planes remain parallel but are shifted in a direction parallel to themselves
shear	n.	a large edge tool that cuts sheet metal by passing a blade through it
shear	v.	cut with shears
shear	v.	shear the wool from
shear	v.	cut or cut through with shears
shear	v.	become deformed by forces tending to produce a shearing strain
shearer	n.	Scottish ballet dancer and actress (born in 1926)
shearer	n.	a workman who uses shears to cut leather or metal or textiles
shearer	n.	a skilled worker who shears the wool off of sheep or other animals
sheath	n.	a protective covering (as for a knife or sword)
sheath	n.	an enveloping structure or covering enclosing an animal or plant organ or part
sheath	n.	a dress suitable for formal occasions
sheathe	v.	cover with a protective sheathing
sheathe	v.	enclose with a sheath
sheathe	v.	plunge or bury (a knife or sword) in flesh
sheathing	n.	protective covering consisting, for example, of a layer of boards applied to the studs and joists of a building to strengthen it and serve as a foundation for a weatherproof exterior
sheathing	v.	cover with a protective sheathing
sheathing	v.	enclose with a sheath
sheathing	v.	plunge or bury (a knife or sword) in flesh
sheaths	n.	a protective covering (as for a knife or sword)
sheaths	n.	an enveloping structure or covering enclosing an animal or plant organ or part
sheaths	n.	a dress suitable for formal occasions
shebang	n.	an entire system; used in the phrase `the whole shebang'
shebeen	n.	unlicensed drinking establishment
shed	n.	an outbuilding with a single story; used for shelter or storage
shed	v.	get rid of
shed	v.	pour out in drops or small quantities or as if in drops or small quantities
shed	v.	cause or allow (a solid substance) to flow or run out or over
shed	v.	cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers
shed	adj.	shed at an early stage of development
shedding	n.	the process whereby something is shed
shedding	n.	loss of bits of outer skin by peeling or shedding or coming off in scales
shedding	v.	get rid of
shedding	v.	pour out in drops or small quantities or as if in drops or small quantities
shedding	v.	cause or allow (a solid substance) to flow or run out or over
shedding	v.	cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers
sheen	n.	the visual property of something that shines with reflected light
sheeny	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a Jew
sheeny	adj.	reflecting light
sheep	n.	woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat
sheep	n.	a timid defenseless simpleton who is readily preyed upon
sheep	n.	a docile and vulnerable person who would rather follow than make an independent decision
sheepdog	n.	any of various usually long-haired breeds of dog reared to herd and guard sheep
sheepfold	n.	a pen for sheep
sheepherder	n.	a herder of sheep (on an open range); someone who keeps the sheep together in a flock
sheepish	adj.	like or suggestive of a sheep in docility or stupidity or meekness or timidity
sheepish	adj.	showing a sense of shame
sheepishness	n.	feeling embarrassed about yourself
sheepskin	n.	tanned skin of a sheep with the fleece left on; used for clothing
sheepskin	n.	skin of a sheep or goat prepared for writing on
sheepskin	n.	a document certifying the successful completion of a course of study
sheer	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
sheer	v.	cause to sheer
sheer	adj.	complete and without restriction or qualification; sometimes used informally as intensifiers
sheer	adj.	not mixed with extraneous elements
sheer	adj.	very steep; having a prominent and almost vertical front
sheer	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
sheer	adv.	straight up or down without a break
sheer	adv.	directly
sheet	n.	any broad thin expanse or surface
sheet	n.	paper used for writing or printing
sheet	n.	bed linen consisting of a large rectangular piece of cotton or linen cloth; used in pairs
sheet	n.	(mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape
sheet	n.	newspaper with half-size pages
sheet	n.	a flat artifact that is thin relative to its length and width
sheet	n.	(nautical) a line (rope or chain) that regulates the angle at which a sail is set in relation to the wind
sheet	n.	a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is used to propel a sailing vessel
sheet	v.	come down as if in sheets
sheet	v.	cover with a sheet, as if by wrapping
sheeting	n.	fabric from which bed sheets are made
sheeting	v.	come down as if in sheets
sheeting	v.	cover with a sheet, as if by wrapping
sheetlike	adj.	resembling a sheet
sheetrock	n.	a kind of plasterboard
sheffield	n.	a steel manufacturing city in northern England famous for its cutlery industry
sheikdom	n.	the domain ruled by a sheik
sheikh	n.	the leader of an Arab village or family
sheikhs	n.	the leader of an Arab village or family
shekel	n.	the basic unit of money in Israel
shelf	n.	a support that consists of a horizontal surface for holding objects
shelf	n.	a projecting ridge on a mountain or submerged under water
shell	n.	ammunition consisting of a cylindrical metal casing containing an explosive charge and a projectile; fired from a large gun
shell	n.	the material that forms the hard outer covering of many animals
shell	n.	hard outer covering or case of certain organisms such as arthropods and turtles
shell	n.	the hard usually fibrous outer layer of some fruits especially nuts
shell	n.	the exterior covering of a bird's egg
shell	n.	a rigid covering that envelops an object
shell	n.	a very light narrow racing boat
shell	n.	the housing or outer covering of something
shell	n.	a metal sheathing of uniform thickness (such as the shield attached to an artillery piece to protect the gunners)
shell	n.	the hard largely calcareous covering of a mollusc or a brachiopod
shell	v.	use explosives on
shell	v.	create by using explosives
shell	v.	fall out of the pod or husk
shell	v.	hit the pitches of hard and regularly
shell	v.	look for and collect shells by the seashore
shell	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
shell	v.	remove from its shell or outer covering
shell	v.	remove the husks from
shellac	n.	lac purified by heating and filtering; usually in thin orange or yellow flakes but sometimes bleached white
shellac	n.	a thin varnish made by dissolving lac in ethanol; used to finish wood
shellac	v.	cover with shellac
shellacked	v.	cover with shellac
shellacking	v.	cover with shellac
shelley	n.	English writer who created Frankenstein's monster and married Percy Bysshe Shelley (1797-1851)
shelley	n.	Englishman and romantic poet (1792-1822)
shellfire	n.	shooting artillery shells
shellfish	n.	meat of edible aquatic invertebrate with a shell (especially a mollusk or crustacean)
shellfish	n.	invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell
shelter	n.	a structure that provides privacy and protection from danger
shelter	n.	protective covering that provides protection from the weather
shelter	n.	the condition of being protected
shelter	n.	a way of organizing business to reduce the taxes it must pay on current earnings
shelter	n.	temporary housing for homeless or displaced persons
shelter	v.	provide shelter for
shelter	v.	invest (money) so that it is not taxable
shelve	v.	hold back to a later time
shelve	v.	place on a shelf
shelving	v.	hold back to a later time
shelving	v.	place on a shelf
shenanigan	n.	reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others
shenanigan	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
shenyang	n.	a city in northeastern China
shepard	n.	United States author of surrealistic allegorical plays (born in 1943)
shepard	n.	astronaut who made the first United States' suborbital rocket-powered flight in 1961 (1923-1998)
shepherd	n.	a clergyman who watches over a group of people
shepherd	n.	a herder of sheep (on an open range); someone who keeps the sheep together in a flock
shepherd	v.	watch over like a shepherd, as a teacher of her pupils
shepherd	v.	tend as a shepherd, as of sheep or goats
shepherdess	n.	a woman shepherd
sheraton	n.	a furniture style that originated in England around 1800; simple in design with straight lines and classical ornamentation
sherbet	n.	a frozen dessert made primarily of fruit juice and sugar, but also containing milk or egg-white or gelatin
sheridan	n.	Irish playwright remembered for his satirical comedies of manners (1751-1816)
sheriff	n.	the principal law-enforcement officer in a county
sherlock	n.	someone who can be employed as a detective to collect information
sherman	n.	United States general who was commander of all Union troops in the West; he captured Atlanta and led a destructive march to the sea that cut the Confederacy in two (1820-1891)
sherman	n.	American Revolutionary leader and signer of the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation and the United States Constitution (1721-1793)
sherman	n.	a peak in the Rocky Mountains in central Colorado (14,036 feet high)
sherman	n.	a town in northeastern Texas near the Oklahoma border
sherpa	n.	a member of the Himalayan people living in Nepal and Tibet who are famous for their skill as mountaineers
sherry	n.	dry to sweet amber wine from the Jerez region of southern Spain or similar wines produced elsewhere; usually drunk as an aperitif
sherwood	n.	United States playwright (1896-1955)
shetland	n.	an archipelago of about 100 islands in the North Atlantic off the north coast of Scotland
shetland	n.	a small sheepdog resembling a collie that was developed in the Shetland Islands
shetlands	n.	an archipelago of about 100 islands in the North Atlantic off the north coast of Scotland
shetlands	n.	a small sheepdog resembling a collie that was developed in the Shetland Islands
shevat	n.	the fifth month of the civil year: the eleventh month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in January and February)
shew	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
shewn	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
shi'ite	n.	a member of the branch of Islam that regards Ali as the legitimate successor to Mohammed and rejects the first three caliphs
shiatsu	n.	treatment of symptoms by applying pressure with the fingers to specific pressure points on the body
shibboleth	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
shibboleth	n.	a manner of speaking that is distinctive of a particular group of people
shibboleths	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
shibboleths	n.	a manner of speaking that is distinctive of a particular group of people
shield	n.	a protective covering or structure
shield	n.	armor carried on the arm to intercept blows
shield	n.	hard outer covering or case of certain organisms such as arthropods and turtles
shield	v.	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm
shield	v.	hold back a thought or feeling about
shields	n.	a protective covering or structure
shields	n.	armor carried on the arm to intercept blows
shields	n.	hard outer covering or case of certain organisms such as arthropods and turtles
shields	v.	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm
shields	v.	hold back a thought or feeling about
shift	n.	an event in which something is displaced without rotation
shift	n.	a qualitative change
shift	n.	the time period during which you are at work
shift	n.	the act of changing one thing or position for another
shift	n.	the act of moving from one place to another
shift	n.	(geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one side with respect to the other
shift	n.	a crew of workers who work for a specific period of time
shift	n.	the key on the typewriter keyboard that shifts from lower-case letters to upper-case letters
shift	n.	a woman's sleeveless undergarment
shift	n.	a loose-fitting dress hanging straight from the shoulders without a waist
shift	v.	make a shift in or exchange of
shift	v.	change place or direction
shift	v.	move around
shift	v.	move very slightly
shift	v.	move from one setting or context to another
shift	v.	change in quality
shift	v.	move and exchange for another
shift	v.	move sideways or in an unsteady way
shift	v.	move abruptly
shift	v.	use a shift key on a keyboard
shift	v.	change phonetically as part of a systematic historical change
shift	v.	change gears
shift	v.	lay aside, abandon, or leave for another
shiftily	adv.	in a shifty manner
shiftiness	n.	the quality of being a slippery rascal
shiftiness	n.	the quality of being changeable in direction
shiftless	adj.	lacking or characterized by lack of ambition or initiative; lazy
shiftlessness	n.	a failure to be active as a consequence of lack of initiative or ambition
shifty	adj.	characterized by insincerity or deceit; evasive
shifty	adj.	changing position or direction
shiitake	n.	edible east Asian mushroom having a golden or dark brown to blackish cap and an inedible stipe
shiite	n.	a member of the branch of Islam that regards Ali as the legitimate successor to Mohammed and rejects the first three caliphs
shikoku	n.	the smallest of the four main islands of Japan; to the south of Honshu and to the east of Kyushu; separated from Honshu by the Inland Sea; forested and mountainous
shill	n.	a decoy who acts as an enthusiastic customer in order to stimulate the participation of others
shill	v.	act as a shill
shillelagh	n.	a cudgel made of hardwood (usually oak or blackthorn)
shillelaghs	n.	a cudgel made of hardwood (usually oak or blackthorn)
shilling	n.	the basic unit of money in Uganda; equal to 100 cents
shilling	n.	the basic unit of money in Tanzania; equal to 100 cents
shilling	n.	the basic unit of money in Somalia; equal to 100 cents
shilling	n.	the basic unit of money in Kenya; equal to 100 cents
shilling	n.	a former monetary unit in Great Britain
shilling	n.	an English coin worth one twentieth of a pound
shilling	v.	act as a shill
shiloh	n.	the second great battle of the American Civil War (1862); the battle ended with the withdrawal of Confederate troops but it was not a Union victory
shim	n.	a thin wedge of material (wood or metal or stone) for driving into crevices
shimmer	n.	a weak and tremulous light
shimmer	v.	shine with a weak or fitful light
shimmer	v.	give off a shimmering reflection, as of silk
shimmery	adj.	glistening tremulously
shimmy	n.	an abnormal wobble in a motor vehicle (especially in the front wheels)
shimmy	n.	a woman's sleeveless undergarment
shimmy	n.	lively dancing (usually to ragtime music) with much shaking of the shoulders and hips
shimmy	v.	tremble or shake
shimmy	v.	dance a shimmy
shin	n.	the front part of the human leg between the knee and the ankle
shin	n.	a cut of meat from the lower part of the leg
shin	n.	the 22nd letter of the Hebrew alphabet
shin	n.	the inner and thicker of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
shin	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
shinbone	n.	the inner and thicker of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
shindig	n.	a large and noisy party of people
shine	n.	the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
shine	v.	be bright by reflecting or casting light
shine	v.	emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light
shine	v.	be shiny, as if wet
shine	v.	be distinguished or eminent
shine	v.	be clear and obvious
shine	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
shine	v.	throw or flash the light of (a lamp)
shine	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
shine	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
shine	v.	make (a surface) shine
shiner	n.	a swollen bruise caused by a blow to the eye
shiner	n.	something that shines (with emitted or reflected light)
shiner	n.	important food fish of the northern Atlantic and Mediterranean; its body is greenish-blue with dark bars and small if any scales
shiner	n.	any of numerous small silvery North American cyprinid fishes especially of the genus Notropis
shingle	n.	building material used as siding or roofing
shingle	n.	coarse beach gravel of small waterworn stones and pebbles (or a stretch of shore covered with such gravel)
shingle	n.	a small signboard outside the office of a lawyer or doctor, e.g.
shingle	v.	cover with shingles
shininess	n.	the visual property of something that shines with reflected light
shinned	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
shinning	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
shinny	n.	a simple version of hockey played by children on the streets (or on ice or on a field) using a ball or can as the puck
shinny	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
shinto	n.	the native religion and former ethnic cult of Japan
shinto	n.	the ancient indigenous religion of Japan lacking formal dogma; characterized by a veneration of nature spirits and of ancestors
shinto	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Shintoism
shintoism	n.	the ancient indigenous religion of Japan lacking formal dogma; characterized by a veneration of nature spirits and of ancestors
shintoist	n.	a believer in Shintoism
shintoist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Shintoism
shiny	adj.	reflecting light
shiny	adj.	having a shiny surface or coating
shiny	adj.	made smooth and bright by or as if by rubbing; reflecting a sheen or glow
ship	n.	a vessel that carries passengers or freight
ship	v.	transport commercially
ship	v.	hire for work on a ship
ship	v.	go on board
ship	v.	travel by ship
ship	v.	place on board a ship
shipboard	adj.	casual or ephemeral as if taking place on board a ship
shipbuilder	n.	a carpenter who helps build and launch wooden vessels
shipbuilder	n.	a person who builds ships as a business
shipbuilder	n.	a business that builds and repairs ships
shipbuilding	n.	the construction of ships
shipload	n.	the amount of cargo that can be held by a boat or ship or a freight car
shipmate	n.	an associate on the same ship with you
shipment	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
shipment	n.	the act of sending off something
shipments	n.	goods carried by a large vehicle
shipments	n.	the act of sending off something
shipowner	n.	someone who owns a ship or a share in a ship
shipped	v.	transport commercially
shipped	v.	hire for work on a ship
shipped	v.	go on board
shipped	v.	travel by ship
shipped	v.	place on board a ship
shipper	n.	someone who ships goods
shipper	n.	a company in the business of shipping freight
shipping	n.	the commercial enterprise of moving goods and materials
shipping	n.	conveyance provided by the ships belonging to one country or industry
shipping	v.	transport commercially
shipping	v.	hire for work on a ship
shipping	v.	go on board
shipping	v.	travel by ship
shipping	v.	place on board a ship
shipshape	adj.	of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder
shipwreck	n.	a wrecked ship (or a part of one)
shipwreck	n.	an irretrievable loss
shipwreck	n.	an accident that destroys a ship at sea
shipwreck	v.	ruin utterly
shipwreck	v.	suffer failure, as in some enterprise
shipwreck	v.	cause to experience shipwreck
shipwreck	v.	destroy a ship
shipwright	n.	a carpenter who helps build and launch wooden vessels
shipyard	n.	a workplace where ships are built or repaired
shiraz	n.	a city in central southwestern Iran; ruins of ancient Persepolis are nearby
shire	n.	a former administrative district of England; equivalent to a county
shire	n.	British breed of large heavy draft horse
shirk	v.	avoid (one's assigned duties)
shirk	v.	avoid dealing with
shirker	n.	a person who shirks his work or duty (especially one who tries to evade military service in wartime)
shirr	v.	bake (eggs) in their shells until they are set
shirring	n.	baking shelled eggs
shirring	v.	bake (eggs) in their shells until they are set
shirt	n.	a garment worn on the upper half of the body
shirt	v.	put a shirt on
shirtfront	n.	the front of a shirt (usually the part not covered by a jacket)
shirtfront	n.	a man's detachable insert (usually starched) to simulate the front of a shirt
shirting	n.	any of various fabrics used to make men's shirts
shirting	v.	put a shirt on
shirtsleeve	n.	the sleeve of a shirt
shirttail	n.	a brief addendum at the end of a newspaper article
shirttail	n.	fabric forming the tail of a shirt
shirtwaist	n.	a blouse with buttons down the front
shirty	adj.	(British informal) ill-tempered or annoyed
shit	n.	obscene terms for feces
shit	n.	obscene words for unacceptable behavior
shit	n.	a small worthless amount
shit	n.	a coarse term for defecation
shit	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
shit	n.	something of little value
shit	v.	give away information about somebody
shit	v.	have a bowel movement
shithead	n.	a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence
shitted	v.	give away information about somebody
shitted	v.	have a bowel movement
shitting	n.	the elimination of fecal waste through the anus
shitting	v.	give away information about somebody
shitting	v.	have a bowel movement
shitty	adj.	very bad
shiv	n.	a knife used as a weapon
shiva	n.	(Judaism) a period of seven days of mourning after the death of close relative
shiva	n.	the destroyer; one of the three major divinities in the later Hindu pantheon
shiver	n.	a reflex motion caused by cold or fear or excitement
shiver	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
shiver	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
shiver	v.	shake, as from cold
shivery	adj.	cold enough to cause shivers
shivery	adj.	provoking fear terror
shoal	n.	a sandbank in a stretch of water that is visible at low tide
shoal	n.	a stretch of shallow water
shoal	n.	a large group of fish
shoal	v.	make shallow
shoal	v.	become shallow
shoat	n.	a young pig
shock	n.	the feeling of distress and disbelief that you have when something bad happens accidentally
shock	n.	the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat
shock	n.	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body
shock	n.	(pathology) bodily collapse or near collapse caused by inadequate oxygen delivery to the cells; characterized by reduced cardiac output and rapid heartbeat and circulatory insufficiency and pallor
shock	n.	an instance of agitation of the earth's crust
shock	n.	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise
shock	n.	a pile of sheaves of grain set on end in a field to dry; stalks of Indian corn set up in a field
shock	n.	a bushy thick mass (especially hair)
shock	n.	a sudden jarring impact
shock	n.	a mechanical damper; absorbs energy of sudden impulses
shock	v.	surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off
shock	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
shock	v.	strike with horror or terror
shock	v.	collide violently
shock	v.	collect or gather into shocks
shock	v.	subject to electrical shocks
shock	v.	inflict a trauma upon
shocker	n.	a shockingly bad person
shocker	n.	a sensational message (in a film or play or novel)
shocking	v.	surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off
shocking	v.	strike with disgust or revulsion
shocking	v.	strike with horror or terror
shocking	v.	collide violently
shocking	v.	collect or gather into shocks
shocking	v.	subject to electrical shocks
shocking	v.	inflict a trauma upon
shocking	adj.	glaringly vivid and graphic; marked by sensationalism
shocking	adj.	giving offense to moral sensibilities and injurious to reputation; ; - Thackeray
shockley	n.	United States physicist (born in England) who contributed to the development of the electronic transistor (1910-1989)
shod	v.	furnish with shoes
shod	adj.	wearing footgear
shod	adj.	used of certain religious orders who wear shoes
shoddily	adv.	in a shoddy manner
shoddiness	n.	the quality of being cheaply imitative of something better
shoddiness	n.	the property of weakness by virtue of careless construction
shoddy	n.	reclaimed wool fiber
shoddy	adj.	cheap and shoddy; - Judith Crist
shoddy	adj.	of inferior workmanship and materials
shoddy	adj.	designed to deceive or mislead either deliberately or inadvertently
shoe	n.	footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of leather or plastic and a sole and heel of heavier material
shoe	n.	(card games) a case from which playing cards are dealt one at a time
shoe	n.	U-shaped plate nailed to underside of horse's hoof
shoe	n.	a restraint provided when the brake linings are moved hydraulically against the brake drum to retard the wheel's rotation
shoe	v.	furnish with shoes
shoehorn	n.	a device used for easing the foot into a shoe
shoehorn	v.	fit for a specific purpose even when not well suited
shoeing	v.	furnish with shoes
shoelace	n.	a lace used for fastening shoes
shoemaker	n.	a person who makes or repairs shoes
shoeshine	n.	a shiny finish put on shoes with polish and buffing
shoeshine	n.	the act of shining shoes
shoestring	n.	a lace used for fastening shoes
shoestring	n.	a small amount of money
shoetree	n.	a wooden or metal device that is inserted into a shoe to preserve its shape when it is not being worn
shoetree	v.	stretch (a shoe) on a shoetree
shogun	n.	a hereditary military dictator of Japan; the shoguns ruled Japan until the revolution of 1867-68
shogunate	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
shone	v.	be bright by reflecting or casting light
shone	v.	emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light
shone	v.	be shiny, as if wet
shone	v.	be distinguished or eminent
shone	v.	be clear and obvious
shone	v.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink
shone	v.	throw or flash the light of (a lamp)
shone	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
shone	v.	experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion
shone	v.	make (a surface) shine
shoo	v.	drive away by crying `shoo!'
shook	n.	a disassembled barrel; the parts packed for storage or shipment
shook	v.	move or cause to move back and forth
shook	v.	move with or as if with a tremor
shook	v.	shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively
shook	v.	move back and forth or sideways
shook	v.	undermine or cause to waver
shook	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
shook	v.	get rid of
shook	v.	bring to a specified condition by or as if by shaking
shook	v.	shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting, feeling, or cognitive state
shoot	n.	a new branch
shoot	n.	the act of shooting at targets
shoot	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
shoot	v.	kill by firing a missile
shoot	v.	fire a shot
shoot	v.	make a film or photograph of something
shoot	v.	send forth suddenly, intensely, swiftly
shoot	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
shoot	v.	move quickly and violently
shoot	v.	throw or propel in a specific direction or towards a specific objective
shoot	v.	record on photographic film
shoot	v.	emit (as light, flame, or fumes) suddenly and forcefully
shoot	v.	cause a sharp and sudden pain in
shoot	v.	force or drive (a fluid or gas) into by piercing
shoot	v.	variegate by interweaving weft threads of different colors
shoot	v.	throw dice, as in a crap game
shoot	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
shoot	v.	score
shoot	v.	utter fast and forcefully
shoot	v.	measure the altitude of by using a sextant
shoot	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
shoot	v.	give an injection to
shooter	n.	a large marble used for shooting in the game of marbles
shooter	n.	a person who shoots (usually with respect to their ability to shoot)
shooter	n.	a gambler who throws dice in the game of craps
shooter	n.	(sports) a player who drives or kicks a ball at the goal (or a basketball player who shoots at the basket)
shooter	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
shooting	n.	the act of firing a projectile
shooting	n.	killing someone by gunfire
shooting	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
shooting	v.	kill by firing a missile
shooting	v.	fire a shot
shooting	v.	make a film or photograph of something
shooting	v.	send forth suddenly, intensely, swiftly
shooting	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
shooting	v.	move quickly and violently
shooting	v.	throw or propel in a specific direction or towards a specific objective
shooting	v.	record on photographic film
shooting	v.	emit (as light, flame, or fumes) suddenly and forcefully
shooting	v.	cause a sharp and sudden pain in
shooting	v.	force or drive (a fluid or gas) into by piercing
shooting	v.	variegate by interweaving weft threads of different colors
shooting	v.	throw dice, as in a crap game
shooting	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
shooting	v.	score
shooting	v.	utter fast and forcefully
shooting	v.	measure the altitude of by using a sextant
shooting	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
shooting	v.	give an injection to
shootout	n.	a fight involving shooting small arms with the intent to kill or frighten
shop	n.	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services
shop	n.	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done
shop	n.	a course of instruction in a trade (as carpentry or electricity)
shop	v.	do one's shopping
shop	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
shop	v.	shop around; not necessarily buying
shop	v.	give away information about somebody
shopaholic	n.	a compulsive shopper
shopfront	n.	the front side of a store facing the street; usually contains display windows
shopkeeper	n.	a merchant who owns or manages a shop
shoplift	v.	steal in a store
shoplifter	n.	a thief who steals goods that are in a store
shoplifting	n.	the act of stealing goods that are on display in a store
shoplifting	v.	steal in a store
shopper	n.	someone who visits stores in search of articles to buy
shopper	n.	a commercial agent who shops at the competitor's store in order to compare their prices and merchandise with those of the store that employs her
shopping	n.	searching for or buying goods or services
shopping	n.	the commodities purchased from stores; women carrying home shopping didn't give me a second glance"
shopping	v.	do one's shopping
shopping	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
shopping	v.	shop around; not necessarily buying
shopping	v.	give away information about somebody
shopworn	adj.	worn or faded from being on display in a store
shopworn	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
shore	n.	the land along the edge of a body of water
shore	n.	a beam or timber that is propped against a structure to provide support
shore	v.	serve as a shore to
shore	v.	arrive on shore
shore	v.	support by placing against something solid or rigid
shorebird	n.	any of numerous wading birds that frequent mostly seashores and estuaries
shoreline	n.	a boundary line between land and water
shoring	n.	a beam or timber that is propped against a structure to provide support
shoring	n.	the act of propping up with shores
shoring	v.	serve as a shore to
shoring	v.	arrive on shore
shoring	v.	support by placing against something solid or rigid
short	n.	the location on a baseball field where the shortstop is stationed
short	n.	accidental contact between two points in an electric circuit that have a potential difference
short	n.	the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed between second and third base
short	v.	cheat someone by not returning him enough money
short	v.	create a short circuit in
short	adj.	primarily temporal sense; indicating or being or seeming to be limited in duration
short	adj.	(primarily spatial sense) having little length or lacking in length
short	adj.	low in stature; not tall
short	adj.	not sufficient to meet a need
short	adj.	(of memory) deficient in retentiveness or range
short	adj.	not holding securities or commodities that one sells in expectation of a fall in prices
short	adj.	of speech sounds or syllables of relatively short duration
short	adj.	less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so
short	adj.	lacking foresight or scope
short	adj.	tending to crumble or break into flakes due to a large amount of shortening
short	adj.	marked by rude or peremptory shortness
short	adv.	quickly and without warning
short	adv.	without possessing something at the time it is contractually sold
short	adv.	clean across
short	adv.	at some point or distance before a goal is reached
short	adv.	so as to interrupt
short	adv.	at a disadvantage
short	adv.	in a curt, abrupt and discourteous manner
shortage	n.	the property of being an amount by which something is less than expected or required
shortage	n.	an acute insufficiency
shortbread	n.	very rich thick butter cookie
shortcake	n.	very short biscuit dough baked as individual biscuits or a round loaf; served with sweetened fruit and usually whipped cream
shortcoming	n.	a failing or deficiency
shortcut	n.	a route shorter than the usual one
shorten	v.	make shorter than originally intended; reduce or retrench in length or duration
shorten	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
shorten	v.	make short or shorter
shorten	v.	become short or shorter
shorten	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
shortening	n.	fat such as butter or lard used in baked goods
shortening	n.	act of decreasing in length
shortening	v.	make shorter than originally intended; reduce or retrench in length or duration
shortening	v.	reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
shortening	v.	make short or shorter
shortening	v.	become short or shorter
shortening	v.	edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate
shortfall	n.	the property of being an amount by which something is less than expected or required
shorthand	n.	a method of writing rapidly
shorthand	adj.	written in abbreviated or symbolic form
shorthorn	n.	English breed of short-horned cattle
shortish	adj.	somewhat short
shortlist	n.	a list of applicants winnowed from a longer list who have been deemed suitable and from which the successful person will be chosen
shortlist	v.	put someone or something on a short list
shortness	n.	the property of being of short spatial extent
shortness	n.	the condition of being short of something
shortness	n.	the property of being truncated or short
shortness	n.	the property of being of short temporal extent
shortness	n.	the property of being shorter than average stature
shortness	n.	an abrupt discourteous manner
shortsighted	adj.	lacking foresight or scope
shortsighted	adj.	unable to see distant objects clearly
shortsighted	adj.	not given careful consideration
shortsightedness	n.	(ophthalmology) eyesight abnormality resulting from the eye's faulty refractive ability; distant objects appear blurred
shortsightedness	n.	a lack of prudence and care by someone in the management of resources
shortstop	n.	(baseball) the person who plays the shortstop position
shortstop	n.	the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed between second and third base
shoshone	n.	a member of the North American Indian people (related to the Aztecs) of the southwestern United States
shoshone	n.	the language spoken by the Shoshone (belonging to the Uto-Aztecan family)
shot	n.	the act of firing a projectile
shot	n.	a solid missile discharged from a firearm
shot	n.	(sports) the act of swinging or striking at a ball with a club or racket or bat or cue or hand
shot	n.	a chance to do something
shot	n.	a person who shoots (usually with respect to their ability to shoot)
shot	n.	a consecutive series of pictures that constitutes a unit of action in a film
shot	n.	the act of putting a liquid into the body by means of a syringe
shot	n.	a small drink of liquor
shot	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
shot	n.	an estimate based on little or no information
shot	n.	an informal photograph; usually made with a small hand-held camera
shot	n.	sports equipment consisting of a heavy metal ball used in the shot put
shot	n.	an explosive charge used in blasting
shot	n.	a blow hard enough to cause injury
shot	n.	an attempt to score in a game
shot	n.	informal words for any attempt or effort
shot	n.	the launching of a missile or spacecraft to a specified destination
shot	v.	hit with a missile from a weapon
shot	v.	kill by firing a missile
shot	v.	fire a shot
shot	v.	make a film or photograph of something
shot	v.	send forth suddenly, intensely, swiftly
shot	v.	run or move very quickly or hastily
shot	v.	move quickly and violently
shot	v.	throw or propel in a specific direction or towards a specific objective
shot	v.	record on photographic film
shot	v.	emit (as light, flame, or fumes) suddenly and forcefully
shot	v.	cause a sharp and sudden pain in
shot	v.	force or drive (a fluid or gas) into by piercing
shot	v.	variegate by interweaving weft threads of different colors
shot	v.	throw dice, as in a crap game
shot	v.	spend frivolously and unwisely
shot	v.	score
shot	v.	utter fast and forcefully
shot	v.	measure the altitude of by using a sextant
shot	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
shot	v.	give an injection to
shot	adj.	varying in color when seen in different lights or from different angles
shotgun	n.	firearm that is a double-barreled smoothbore shoulder weapon for firing shot at short ranges
shoulder	n.	the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm
shoulder	n.	a cut of meat including the upper joint of the foreleg
shoulder	n.	a ball-and-socket joint between the head of the humerus and a cavity of the scapula
shoulder	n.	the part of a garment that covers or fits over the shoulder
shoulder	n.	a narrow edge of land (usually unpaved) along the side of a road
shoulder	v.	lift onto one's shoulders
shoulder	v.	push with the shoulders
shoulder	v.	carry a burden, either real or metaphoric
shout	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
shout	v.	utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic manner of speaking)
shout	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
shout	v.	utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy
shout	v.	use foul or abusive language towards
shouter	n.	someone who communicates vocally in a very loud voice
shove	n.	the act of shoving (giving a push to someone or something)
shove	v.	come into rough contact with while moving
shove	v.	push roughly
shove	v.	press or force
shovel	n.	a hand tool for lifting loose material; consists of a curved container or scoop and a handle
shovel	n.	the quantity a shovel can hold
shovel	n.	a fire iron consisting of a small shovel used to scoop coals or ashes in a fireplace
shovel	n.	a machine for excavating
shovel	v.	dig with or as if with a shovel
shovelful	n.	the quantity a shovel can hold
show	n.	the act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining
show	n.	something intended to communicate a particular impression
show	n.	a social event involving a public performance or entertainment
show	n.	pretending that something is the case in order to make a good impression
show	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
show	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
show	v.	provide evidence for
show	v.	make visible or noticeable
show	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
show	v.	give expression to
show	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
show	v.	be or become visible or noticeable
show	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
show	v.	give evidence of, as of records
show	v.	take (someone) to their seats, as in theaters or auditoriums
show	v.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race
showboat	n.	a river steamboat on which theatrical performances could be given (especially on the Mississippi River)
showcase	n.	a setting in which something can be displayed to best effect
showcase	n.	a glass container used to store and display items in a shop or museum or home
showdown	n.	a hostile disagreement face-to-face
shower	n.	a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you
shower	n.	washing yourself by standing upright under water sprayed from a nozzle
shower	n.	a brief period of precipitation
shower	n.	a sudden downpour (as of tears or sparks etc) likened to a rain shower
shower	n.	someone who organizes an exhibit for others to see
shower	n.	a party of friends assembled to present gifts (usually of a specified kind) to a person
shower	v.	expend profusely; also used with abstract nouns
shower	v.	spray or sprinkle with
shower	v.	take a shower; wash one's body in the shower
shower	v.	rain abundantly
shower	v.	provide abundantly with
showery	adj.	(of weather) wet by periods of rain
showgirl	n.	a woman who dances in a chorus line
showily	adv.	with ostentation; in an ostentatious manner
showily	adv.	in a fancy colorful manner
showiness	n.	extravagant elaborateness
showing	n.	the display of a motion picture
showing	n.	something shown to the public
showing	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
showing	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
showing	v.	provide evidence for
showing	v.	make visible or noticeable
showing	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
showing	v.	give expression to
showing	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
showing	v.	be or become visible or noticeable
showing	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
showing	v.	give evidence of, as of records
showing	v.	take (someone) to their seats, as in theaters or auditoriums
showing	v.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race
showjumping	n.	riding horses in competitions over set courses to demonstrate skill in jumping over obstacles
showman	n.	a person skilled at making effective presentations
showman	n.	a sponsor who books and stages public entertainments
showmanship	n.	the ability to present something (especially theatrical shows) in an attractive manner
showmen	n.	a person skilled at making effective presentations
showmen	n.	a sponsor who books and stages public entertainments
shown	v.	give an exhibition of to an interested audience
shown	v.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment
shown	v.	provide evidence for
shown	v.	make visible or noticeable
shown	v.	show in, or as in, a picture
shown	v.	give expression to
shown	v.	indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figuratively
shown	v.	be or become visible or noticeable
shown	v.	indicate a certain reading; of gauges and instruments
shown	v.	give evidence of, as of records
shown	v.	take (someone) to their seats, as in theaters or auditoriums
shown	v.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race
showpiece	n.	the outstanding item (the prize piece or main exhibit) in a collection
showplace	n.	a place that is frequently exhibited and visited for its historical interest or natural beauty
showroom	n.	an area where merchandise (such as cars) can be displayed
showstopper	n.	an act so striking or impressive that the show must be delayed until the audience quiets down
showstopper	n.	something that is strikingly attractive or has great popular appeal
showtime	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
showy	adj.	marked by ostentation but often tasteless
showy	adj.	displaying brilliance and virtuosity
showy	adj.	(used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display
showy	adj.	superficially attractive and stylish; suggesting wealth or expense
shrank	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
shrank	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
shrank	v.	reduce in size; reduce physically
shrank	v.	become smaller or draw together
shrank	v.	decrease in size, range, or extent
shrapnel	n.	shell containing lead pellets that explodes in flight
shred	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
shred	n.	a small piece of cloth or paper
shred	v.	tear into shreds
shredded	v.	tear into shreds
shredded	adj.	prepared by cutting
shredder	n.	a device that shreds documents (usually in order to prevent the wrong people from reading them)
shredding	v.	tear into shreds
shreveport	n.	a city in northwest Louisiana on the Red River near the Texas border
shrew	n.	a scolding nagging bad-tempered woman
shrew	n.	small mouselike mammal with a long snout; related to moles
shrewd	adj.	marked by practical hardheaded intelligence
shrewd	adj.	used of persons
shrewdness	n.	intelligence manifested by being astute (as in business dealings)
shrewish	adj.	continually complaining or faultfinding
shriek	n.	sharp piercing cry
shriek	n.	a high-pitched noise resembling a human cry
shriek	v.	utter a shrill cry
shrift	n.	the act of being shriven
shrike	n.	any of numerous Old World birds having a strong hooked bill that feed on smaller animals
shrill	v.	utter a shrill cry
shrill	adj.	having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones
shrill	adj.	being sharply insistent on being heard
shrill	adj.	of colors that are bright and gaudy
shrillness	n.	the quality of being sharp or harsh to the senses
shrillness	n.	having the timbre of a loud high-pitched sound
shrilly	adv.	in a shrill voice
shrimp	n.	disparaging terms for small people
shrimp	n.	any of various edible decapod crustaceans
shrimp	n.	small slender-bodied chiefly marine decapod crustaceans with a long tail and single pair of pincers; many species are edible
shrimp	v.	fish for shrimp
shrine	n.	a place of worship hallowed by association with some sacred thing or person
shrine	v.	enclose in a shrine
shrink	n.	a physician who specializes in psychiatry
shrink	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
shrink	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
shrink	v.	reduce in size; reduce physically
shrink	v.	become smaller or draw together
shrink	v.	decrease in size, range, or extent
shrinkage	n.	process or result of becoming less or smaller
shrinkage	n.	the amount by which something shrinks
shrinkage	n.	the act of stealing goods that are on display in a store
shrive	v.	grant remission of a sin to
shrivel	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
shrivel	v.	decrease in size, range, or extent
shriven	v.	grant remission of a sin to
shroud	n.	a line that suspends the harness from the canopy of a parachute
shroud	n.	(nautical) a line (rope or chain) that regulates the angle at which a sail is set in relation to the wind
shroud	n.	burial garment in which a corpse is wrapped
shroud	v.	cover as if with a shroud
shroud	v.	form a cover like a shroud
shroud	v.	wrap in a shroud
shrub	n.	a low woody perennial plant usually having several major stems
shrubbery	n.	an area where a number of shrubs are planted
shrubbery	n.	a collection of shrubs growing together
shrubby	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a shrub
shrug	n.	a gesture involving the shoulders
shrug	v.	raise one's shoulders to indicate indifference or resignation
shrugged	v.	raise one's shoulders to indicate indifference or resignation
shrugging	v.	raise one's shoulders to indicate indifference or resignation
shrunk	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
shrunk	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
shrunk	v.	reduce in size; reduce physically
shrunk	v.	become smaller or draw together
shrunk	v.	decrease in size, range, or extent
shtick	n.	(Yiddish) a little; a piece
shtick	n.	(Yiddish) a contrived and often used bit of business that a performer uses to steal attention
shtick	n.	(Yiddish) a prank or piece of clowning
shtick	n.	(Yiddish) a devious trick; a bit of cheating
shuck	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
shuck	v.	remove from the shell
shuck	v.	remove the shucks from
shucks	n.	something of little value
shucks	n.	an expression of disappointment or irritation
shucks	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
shucks	v.	remove from the shell
shucks	v.	remove the shucks from
shudder	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
shudder	n.	an involuntary vibration (as if from illness or fear)
shudder	v.	shake, as from cold
shudder	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
shuffle	n.	the act of mixing cards haphazardly
shuffle	n.	walking with a slow dragging motion without lifting your feet
shuffle	v.	walk by dragging one's feet
shuffle	v.	move about, move back and forth
shuffle	v.	mix so as to make a random order or arrangement
shuffleboard	n.	a game in which players use long sticks to shove wooden disks onto the scoring area marked on a smooth surface
shuffler	n.	the card player who shuffles the cards
shuffler	n.	someone who walks without raising the feet
shun	v.	avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of
shun	v.	expel from a community or group
shunned	v.	avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of
shunned	v.	expel from a community or group
shunning	n.	deliberately avoiding; keeping away from or preventing from happening
shunning	v.	avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of
shunning	v.	expel from a community or group
shunt	n.	a passage by which a bodily fluid (especially blood) is diverted from one channel to another
shunt	n.	a conductor having low resistance in parallel with another device to divert a fraction of the current
shunt	n.	implant consisting of a tube made of plastic or rubber; for draining fluids within the body
shunt	v.	transfer to another track, of trains
shunt	v.	provide with or divert by means of an electrical shunt
shush	v.	silence (someone) by uttering `shush!'
shut	v.	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut
shut	v.	become closed
shut	v.	prevent from entering; shut out
shut	adj.	not open
shut	adj.	used especially of mouth or eyes
shutdown	n.	termination of operations
shuteye	n.	informal term for sleep
shutout	n.	a defeat in a game where one side fails to score
shutter	n.	a mechanical device on a camera that opens and closes to control the time of a photographic exposure
shutter	n.	a hinged blind for a window
shutter	v.	close with shutters
shutterbug	n.	a photography enthusiast
shutting	n.	the act of closing something
shutting	v.	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut
shutting	v.	become closed
shutting	v.	prevent from entering; shut out
shuttle	n.	badminton equipment consisting of a ball of cork or rubber with a crown of feathers
shuttle	n.	public transport that consists of a bus or train or airplane that plies back and forth between two points
shuttle	n.	bobbin that passes the weft thread between the warp threads
shuttle	v.	travel back and forth between two points
shuttlecock	n.	badminton equipment consisting of a ball of cork or rubber with a crown of feathers
shuttlecock	v.	send or toss to and fro, like a shuttlecock
shy	n.	a quick throw
shy	v.	start suddenly, as from fright
shy	v.	throw quickly
shy	adj.	lacking self-confidence
shy	adj.	short
shy	adj.	wary and distrustful; disposed to avoid persons or things
shyer	adj.	lacking self-confidence
shyer	adj.	short
shyer	adj.	wary and distrustful; disposed to avoid persons or things
shyest	adj.	lacking self-confidence
shyest	adj.	short
shyest	adj.	wary and distrustful; disposed to avoid persons or things
shylock	n.	someone who lends money at excessive rates of interest
shylock	n.	a merciless usurer in a play by Shakespeare
shyness	n.	a feeling of fear of embarrassment
shyster	n.	a person (especially a lawyer or politician) who uses unscrupulous or unethical methods
si	n.	a tetravalent nonmetallic element; next to oxygen it is the most abundant element in the earth's crust; occurs in clay and feldspar and granite and quartz and sand; used as a semiconductor in transistors
si	n.	a complete metric system of units of measurement for scientists; fundamental quantities are length (meter) and mass (kilogram) and time (second) and electric current (ampere) and temperature (kelvin) and amount of matter (mole) and luminous intensity (candela)
si	n.	the syllable naming the seventh (subtonic) note of any musical scale in solmization
siam	n.	a country of southeastern Asia that extends southward along the Isthmus of Kra to the Malay Peninsula
siamese	n.	a branch of the Tai languages
siamese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Thailand
siamese	n.	an inlet with two or more couplings to which a hose can be attached so that fire engines can pump water into the sprinkler system of a building
siamese	n.	a slender short-haired blue-eyed breed of cat having a pale coat with dark ears paws face and tail tip
siamese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Thailand or its people
siamese	adj.	of or relating to the languages of the Thai people
siamese	adj.	of or relating to Thailand
sibelius	n.	Finnish composer (1865-1957)
siberia	n.	a vast Asian region of Russia; famous for long cold winters
siberian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Siberia
siberian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Siberia or the Siberians
sibilant	n.	a consonant characterized by a hissing sound (like s or sh)
sibilant	adj.	of speech sounds produced by forcing air through a constricted passage (as `f', `s', `z', or `th' in both `thin' and `then')
sibling	n.	a person's brother or sister
sibyl	n.	a woman who tells fortunes
sibyl	n.	(ancient Rome) a woman who was regarded as an oracle or prophet
sibylline	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a prophet or prophecy
sibylline	adj.	having a secret or hidden meaning; ; ; - John Gunther
sic	v.	urge to attack someone
sic	adv.	intentionally so written (used after a printed word or phrase)
sichuan	n.	a populous province of south central China
sicilian	n.	a resident of Sicily
sicilian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Sicily or the people of Sicily
sicily	n.	the Italian region on the island of Sicily
sicily	n.	the largest island in the Mediterranean
sick	n.	people who are sick
sick	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
sick	adj.	affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function
sick	adj.	feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit
sick	adj.	affected with madness or insanity
sick	adj.	having a strong distaste from surfeit
sick	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
sick	adj.	deeply affected by a strong feeling
sick	adj.	shockingly repellent; inspiring horror
sickbay	n.	(nautical) a room for the treatment of the sick or injured (as on a ship)
sickbed	n.	the bed on which a sick person lies
sicken	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
sicken	v.	get sick
sicken	v.	upset and make nauseated
sicken	v.	make sick or ill
sickening	v.	cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of
sickening	v.	get sick
sickening	v.	upset and make nauseated
sickening	v.	make sick or ill
sickening	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
sickish	adj.	feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit
sickle	n.	an edge tool for cutting grass or crops; has a curved blade and a short handle
sickly	adj.	unhealthy looking
sickly	adj.	somewhat ill or prone to illness
sickness	n.	impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organism
sickness	n.	defectiveness or unsoundness
sickness	n.	the state that precedes vomiting
sickroom	n.	a room to which a sick person is confined
siddhartha	n.	founder of Buddhism; worshipped as a god (c 563-483 BC)
side	n.	a place within a region identified relative to a center or reference location
side	n.	one of two or more contesting groups
side	n.	either the left or right half of a body
side	n.	a surface forming part of the outside of an object
side	n.	an extended outer surface of an object
side	n.	an aspect of something (as contrasted with some other implied aspect)
side	n.	a line segment forming part of the perimeter of a plane figure
side	n.	a family line of descent
side	n.	a lengthwise dressed half of an animal's carcass used for food
side	n.	an opinion that is held in opposition to another in an argument or dispute
side	n.	an elevated geological formation
side	n.	(sports) the spin given to a ball by striking it on one side or releasing it with a sharp twist
side	v.	take sides for or against; ; m siding against the current candidate"
side	adj.	located on a side
sidearm	adj.	(of pitches) made with the arm moving parallel to the ground
sidearm	adv.	in a sidearm manner
sidebar	n.	(law) a courtroom conference between the lawyers and the judge that is held out of the jury's hearing
sidebar	n.	a short news story presenting sidelights on a major story
sideboard	n.	a removable board fitted on the side of a wagon to increase its capacity
sideboard	n.	a board that forms part of the side of a bed or crib
sideboard	n.	a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves and drawers
sideburns	n.	facial hair that has grown down the side of a man's face in front of the ears (especially when the rest of the beard is shaved off)
sidecar	n.	a cocktail made of orange liqueur with lemon juice and brandy
sidecar	n.	conveyance consisting of a small carrier attached to the side of a motorcycle
sidekick	n.	a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities
sidelight	n.	light carried by a boat that indicates the boat's direction; vessels at night carry a red light on the port bow and a green light on the starboard bow
sideline	n.	a line that marks the side boundary of a playing field
sideline	n.	an auxiliary line of merchandise
sideline	n.	an auxiliary activity
sideline	v.	remove from the center of activity or attention; place into an inferior position
sidelong	adj.	(used especially of glances) directed to one side with or as if with doubt or suspicion or envy; - Elizabeth Bowen
sidelong	adj.	situated at or extending to the side; ; - Tennyson
sidelong	adj.	inclining or directed to one side;  - Bram Stoker
sidelong	adv.	on the side
sidelong	adv.	with the side toward someone or something; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
sidelong	adv.	to, toward or at one side
sidereal	adj.	of or relating to the stars or constellations
sidereal	adj.	(of divisions of time) determined by daily motion of the stars
sidesaddle	n.	a saddle for a woman; rider sits with both feet on the same side of the horse
sidesaddle	adv.	on or as if on a sidesaddle
sideshow	n.	a subordinate incident of little importance relative to the main event
sideshow	n.	a minor show that is part of a larger one (as at the circus)
sidesplitting	adj.	very funny
sidestep	n.	a step to one side (as in boxing or dancing)
sidestep	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
sidestepped	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
sidestepping	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
sidestroke	n.	a swimming stroke in which the arms move forward and backward while the legs do a scissors kick
sideswipe	n.	a glancing blow from or on the side of something (especially motor vehicles)
sideswipe	v.	strike from the side
sidetrack	n.	a short stretch of railroad track used to store rolling stock or enable trains on the same line to pass
sidetrack	v.	wander from a direct or straight course
sidewalk	n.	walk consisting of a paved area for pedestrians; usually beside a street or roadway
sidewall	n.	the side of an automobile tire
sidewall	n.	a wall that forms the side of a structure
sideways	adj.	(of movement) at an angle
sideways	adv.	with one side forward or to the front
sideways	adv.	from the side; obliquely
sideways	adv.	toward one side
sideways	adv.	to, toward or at one side
sidewinder	n.	small pale-colored desert rattlesnake of southwestern United States; body moves in an s-shaped curve
sidewinder	n.	air-to-air missile with infrared homing device
siding	n.	a short stretch of railroad track used to store rolling stock or enable trains on the same line to pass
siding	n.	material applied to the outside of a building to make it weatherproof
siding	v.	take sides for or against; ; m siding against the current candidate"
sidle	v.	move unobtrusively or furtively
sidle	v.	move sideways
sidney	n.	English poet (1554-1586)
sids	n.	sudden and unexpected death of an apparently healthy infant during sleep
siege	n.	the action of an armed force that surrounds a fortified place and isolates it while continuing to attack
siegfried	n.	(German mythology) mythical German warrior hero of the Nibelungenlied who takes possession of the accursed treasure of the Nibelungs by slaying the dragon that guards it and awakens Brynhild and is eventually killed; Sigurd is the Norse counterpart
siemens	n.	a unit of conductance equal to the reciprocal of an ohm
siemens	n.	engineer who was a brother of Ernst Werner von Siemens and who moved to England (1823-1883)
siemens	n.	German electrical engineer (1816-1892)
sienna	n.	an earth color containing ferric oxides; used as a pigment
sierra	n.	a range of mountains (usually with jagged peaks and irregular outline)
sierra	n.	a Spanish mackerel of western North America
sierras	n.	a range of mountains (usually with jagged peaks and irregular outline)
sierras	n.	a Spanish mackerel of western North America
siesta	n.	a nap in the early afternoon (especially in hot countries)
sieve	n.	a strainer for separating lumps from powdered material or grading particles
sieve	v.	examine in order to test suitability
sieve	v.	check and sort carefully
sieve	v.	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements
sieve	v.	distinguish and separate out
sift	v.	move as if through a sieve
sift	v.	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements
sift	v.	check and sort carefully
sift	v.	distinguish and separate out
sifted	v.	move as if through a sieve
sifted	v.	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements
sifted	v.	check and sort carefully
sifted	v.	distinguish and separate out
sifter	n.	a household sieve (as for flour)
sigh	n.	an utterance made by exhaling audibly
sigh	n.	a sound like a person sighing
sigh	v.	heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily
sigh	v.	utter with a sigh
sighs	n.	an utterance made by exhaling audibly
sighs	n.	a sound like a person sighing
sighs	v.	heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily
sighs	v.	utter with a sigh
sight	n.	an instance of visual perception
sight	n.	anything that is seen
sight	n.	the ability to see; the visual faculty
sight	n.	a range of mental vision
sight	n.	the range of vision
sight	n.	the act of looking or seeing or observing
sight	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
sight	v.	catch sight of; to perceive with the eyes
sight	v.	take aim by looking through the sights of a gun (or other device)
sighting	n.	the act of observing
sighting	v.	catch sight of; to perceive with the eyes
sighting	v.	take aim by looking through the sights of a gun (or other device)
sightless	adj.	lacking sight
sightly	adj.	very pleasing to the eye
sightread	v.	perform music from a score without having seen the score before
sightseeing	n.	going about to look at places of interest
sightseeing	v.	visit famous or interesting sights
sightseer	n.	a tourist who is visiting sights of interest
sigma	n.	the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet
sign	n.	a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent (as a visible clue that something has happened)
sign	n.	a public display of a message
sign	n.	any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message
sign	n.	structure displaying a board on which advertisements can be posted
sign	n.	(astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided
sign	n.	(medicine) any objective evidence of the presence of a disorder or disease
sign	n.	having an indicated pole (as the distinction between positive and negative electric charges)
sign	n.	an event that is experienced as indicating important things to come
sign	n.	a gesture that is part of a sign language
sign	n.	a fundamental linguistic unit linking a signifier to that which is signified; --de Saussure
sign	n.	a character indicating a relation between quantities
sign	v.	mark with one's signature; write one's name (on)
sign	v.	approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation
sign	v.	be engaged by a written agreement
sign	v.	engage by written agreement
sign	v.	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs
sign	v.	place signs, as along a road
sign	v.	communicate in sign language
sign	v.	make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate
sign	adj.	used of the language of the deaf
signage	n.	signs collectively (especially commercial signs or posters)
signal	n.	any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message
signal	n.	any incitement to action
signal	n.	an electric quantity (voltage or current or field strength) whose modulation represents coded information about the source from which it comes
signal	v.	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs
signal	v.	be a signal for or a symptom of
signal	adj.	notably out of the ordinary
signaler	n.	someone who communicates by signals
signalization	n.	a conspicuous indication
signalize	v.	provide with traffic signals
signalize	v.	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs
signalize	v.	point out carefully and clearly
signalize	v.	make conspicuous or noteworthy
signalman	n.	a railroad employee in charge of signals and point in a railroad yard
signalmen	n.	a railroad employee in charge of signals and point in a railroad yard
signatory	n.	someone who signs and is bound by a document
signature	n.	your name written in your own handwriting
signature	n.	a distinguishing style
signature	n.	a melody used to identify a performer or a dance band or radio/tv program
signature	n.	the sharps or flats that follow the clef and indicate the key
signature	n.	a sheet with several pages printed on it; it folds to page size and is bound with other signatures to form a book
signboard	n.	structure displaying a board on which advertisements can be posted
signed	v.	mark with one's signature; write one's name (on)
signed	v.	approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation
signed	v.	be engaged by a written agreement
signed	v.	engage by written agreement
signed	v.	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs
signed	v.	place signs, as along a road
signed	v.	communicate in sign language
signed	v.	make the sign of the cross over someone in order to call on God for protection; consecrate
signed	adj.	having a handwritten signature
signed	adj.	used of the language of the deaf
signer	n.	someone who can use sign language to communicate
signer	n.	someone who signs and is bound by a document
signet	n.	a seal (especially one used to mark documents officially)
significance	n.	the quality of being significant
significance	n.	a meaning that is not expressly stated but can be inferred
significance	n.	the message that is intended or expressed or signified
significant	adj.	important in effect or meaning
significant	adj.	fairly large
significant	adj.	too closely correlated to be attributed to chance and therefore indicating a systematic relation
significant	adj.	rich in significance or implication
signification	n.	the message that is intended or expressed or signified
signify	v.	denote or connote
signify	v.	convey or express a meaning
signify	v.	make known with a word or signal
signings	n.	language expressed by visible hand gestures
signor	n.	used as an Italian courtesy title; can be prefixed to the name or used separately
signora	n.	an Italian title of address equivalent to Mrs. when used before a name
signora	n.	an Italian title or form of address for a married woman
signore	n.	an Italian title of respect for a man; equivalent to the English `sir'; used separately (not prefixed to his name)
signore	n.	an Italian title of address equivalent to Mrs. when used before a name
signore	n.	an Italian title or form of address for a married woman
signori	n.	used as an Italian courtesy title; can be prefixed to the name or used separately
signori	n.	an Italian title of respect for a man; equivalent to the English `sir'; used separately (not prefixed to his name)
signorina	n.	an Italian courtesy title for an unmarried woman; equivalent to `Miss', it is either used alone or before a name
signorina	n.	an Italian title or form of address for an unmarried woman
signorine	n.	an Italian courtesy title for an unmarried woman; equivalent to `Miss', it is either used alone or before a name
signorine	n.	an Italian title or form of address for an unmarried woman
signpost	n.	a post bearing a sign that gives directions or shows the way
signpost	v.	mark with a signpost, as of a path
sigurd	n.	(Norse mythology) mythical Norse warrior hero who gains an accursed hoard of gold and was killed by Brynhild; Siegfried is the German counterpart
sikh	n.	an adherent of Sikhism
sikh	adj.	of or relating to the Sikhs or their religious beliefs and customs
sikhism	n.	the doctrines of a monotheistic religion founded in northern India in the 16th century by Guru Nanak and combining elements of Hinduism and Islam
sikhs	n.	an adherent of Sikhism
sikkim	n.	a geographical area and former kingdom in northeastern India in the Himalaya Mountains between Nepal and Bhutan
sikorsky	n.	United States industrialist (born in Russia) who designed the first four-engine airplane and the first mass-produced helicopter (1889-1972)
silage	n.	fodder harvested while green and kept succulent by partial fermentation as in a silo
silence	n.	the state of being silent (as when no one is speaking)
silence	n.	the absence of sound
silence	n.	a refusal to speak when expected
silence	n.	the trait of keeping things secret
silence	v.	cause to be quiet or not talk
silence	v.	keep from expression, for example by threats or pressure
silencer	n.	short tube attached to the muzzle of a gun that deadens the sound of firing
silencer	n.	a tubular acoustic device inserted in the exhaust system that is designed to reduce noise
silent	adj.	marked by absence of sound
silent	adj.	failing to speak or communicate etc when expected to
silent	adj.	implied by or inferred from actions or statements
silent	adj.	not made to sound
silent	adj.	having a frequency below or above the range of human audibility
silent	adj.	unable to speak because of hereditary deafness
silesia	n.	a region of central Europe rich in deposits of coal and iron ore; annexed by Prussia in 1742 but now largely in Poland
silesia	n.	a sturdy twill-weave cotton fabric; used for pockets and linings
silhouette	n.	an outline of a solid object (as cast by its shadow)
silhouette	n.	a drawing of the outline of an object; filled in with some uniform color
silhouette	v.	project on a background, such as a screen, like a silhouette
silhouette	v.	represent by a silhouette
silica	n.	a white or colorless vitreous insoluble solid (SiO2); various forms occur widely in the earth's crust as quartz or cristobalite or tridymite or lechatelierite
silicate	n.	a salt or ester derived from silicic acid
siliceous	adj.	relating to or containing or resembling silica
silicon	n.	a tetravalent nonmetallic element; next to oxygen it is the most abundant element in the earth's crust; occurs in clay and feldspar and granite and quartz and sand; used as a semiconductor in transistors
silicone	n.	any of a large class of siloxanes that are unusually stable over a wide range of temperatures; used in lubricants and adhesives and coatings and synthetic rubber and electrical insulation
silicosis	n.	a lung disease caused by inhaling particles of silica or quartz or slate
silk	n.	a fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae
silk	n.	animal fibers produced by silkworms and other larvae that spin cocoons and by most spiders
silkily	adv.	in a silky manner
silkiness	n.	the smooth feel of silk fabric
silkscreen	n.	a print made using a stencil process in which an image or design is superimposed on a very fine mesh screen and printing ink is squeegeed onto the printing surface through the area of the screen that is not covered by the stencil
silkscreen	v.	print by silkscreen
silkworm	n.	the commercially bred hairless white caterpillar of the domestic silkworm moth which spins a cocoon that can be processed to yield silk fiber; the principal source of commercial silk
silkworm	n.	larva of a saturniid moth; spins a large amount of strong silk in constructing its cocoon
silky	adj.	having a smooth, gleaming surface reflecting light
sill	n.	structural member consisting of a continuous horizontal timber forming the lowest member of a framework or supporting structure
sill	n.	(geology) a flat (usually horizontal) mass of igneous rock between two layers of older sedimentary rock
silliness	n.	a ludicrous folly
silliness	n.	an impulsive scatterbrained manner
silly	n.	a word used for misbehaving children
silly	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
silly	adj.	lacking seriousness; given to frivolity
silly	adj.	inspiring scornful pity; - Dashiell Hammett
silly	adj.	dazed from or as if from repeated blows
silo	n.	a cylindrical tower used for storing silage
silo	n.	military installation consisting of an underground structure where ballistic missiles can be stored and fired
silt	n.	mud or clay or small rocks deposited by a river or lake
silt	v.	become chocked with silt
silty	adj.	full of silt
silurian	n.	from 425 million to 405 million years ago; first air-breathing animals
silva	n.	the forest trees growing in a country or region
silver	n.	a soft white precious univalent metallic element having the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of any metal; occurs in argentite and in free form; used in coins and jewelry and tableware and photography
silver	n.	coins made of silver
silver	n.	a light shade of grey
silver	n.	silverware eating utensils
silver	n.	a trophy made of silver (or having the appearance of silver) that is usually awarded for winning second place in a competition
silver	v.	coat with a layer of silver or a silver amalgam
silver	v.	make silver in color
silver	v.	turn silver
silver	adj.	made from or largely consisting of silver
silver	adj.	having the white lustrous sheen of silver
silver	adj.	of lustrous grey; covered with or tinged with the color of silver
silver	adj.	expressing yourself readily, clearly, effectively
silverfish	n.	silver-grey wingless insect found in houses feeding on book bindings and starched clothing
silverfish	n.	a silvery variety of Carassius auratus
silversmith	n.	someone who makes or repairs articles of silver
silversmiths	n.	someone who makes or repairs articles of silver
silverware	n.	tableware made of silver or silver plate or pewter or stainless steel
silvery	adj.	resembling or reminiscent of silver
silvery	adj.	having the white lustrous sheen of silver
silvery	adj.	of lustrous grey; covered with or tinged with the color of silver
silvia	n.	type genus of the Sylviidae: warblers
simenon	n.	French writer (born in Belgium) best known for his detective novels featuring Inspector Maigret (1903-1989)
simian	n.	an ape or monkey
simian	adj.	relating to or resembling an ape
similar	adj.	marked by correspondence or resemblance
similar	adj.	having the same or similar characteristics
similar	adj.	resembling or similar; having the same or some of the same characteristics; often used in combination
similar	adj.	(of words) expressing closely related meanings
similar	adj.	capable of replacing or changing places with something else; permitting mutual substitution without loss of function or suitability
similarity	n.	the quality of being similar
similarity	n.	a Gestalt principle of organization holding that (other things being equal) parts of a stimulus field that are similar to each other tend to be perceived as belonging together as a unit
simile	n.	a figure of speech that expresses a resemblance between things of different kinds (usually formed with `like' or `as')
similitude	n.	similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things
similitude	n.	a duplicate copy
simmer	n.	temperature just below the boiling point
simmer	v.	boil slowly at low temperature
simon	n.	one of the twelve Apostles (first century)
simon	n.	United States singer and songwriter (born in 1942)
simon	n.	United States playwright noted for light comedies (born in 1927)
simon	n.	United States economist and psychologist who pioneered in the development of cognitive science (1916-2001)
simonize	v.	polish with wax
simony	n.	traffic in ecclesiastical offices or preferments
simper	n.	a silly self-conscious smile
simper	v.	smile affectedly or derisively
simpering	v.	smile affectedly or derisively
simple	n.	any herbaceous plant having medicinal properties
simple	n.	a person lacking intelligence or common sense
simple	adj.	having few parts; not complex or complicated or involved
simple	adj.	easy and not involved or complicated
simple	adj.	apart from anything else; without additions or modifications
simple	adj.	exhibiting childlike simplicity and credulity
simple	adj.	lacking mental capacity and subtlety
simple	adj.	(botany) of leaf shapes; of leaves having no divisions or subdivisions
simple	adj.	unornamented
simpleness	n.	a lack of penetration or subtlety
simpleness	n.	the quality of being simple or uncompounded
simpleness	n.	freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort
simpleness	n.	lack of ornamentation
simpleton	n.	a person lacking intelligence or common sense
simplex	adj.	allowing communication in only one direction at a time, or in telegraphy allowing only one message over a line at a time
simplex	adj.	having only one part or element
simplicity	n.	the quality of being simple or uncompounded
simplicity	n.	a lack of penetration or subtlety
simplicity	n.	absence of affectation or pretense
simplicity	n.	freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort
simplicity	n.	lack of ornamentation
simplification	n.	an explanation that omits superfluous details and reduces complexity
simplification	n.	elimination of superfluous details
simplification	n.	the act of reducing complexity
simplify	v.	make simpler or easier or reduce in complexity or extent
simplistic	adj.	characterized by extreme and often misleading simplicity
simply	adv.	and nothing more
simply	adv.	absolutely
simply	adv.	absolutely; altogether; really
simply	adv.	in a simple manner; without extravagance or embellishment
simpson	n.	United States divorcee whose marriage to Edward VIII created a constitutional crisis leading to his abdication
simpson	n.	Scottish obstetrician and surgeon who pioneered in the use of ether and discovered the anesthetic effects of chloroform (1811-1870)
simpsons	n.	United States divorcee whose marriage to Edward VIII created a constitutional crisis leading to his abdication
simpsons	n.	Scottish obstetrician and surgeon who pioneered in the use of ether and discovered the anesthetic effects of chloroform (1811-1870)
simulacra	n.	an insubstantial or vague semblance
simulacra	n.	a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture)
simulacrum	n.	an insubstantial or vague semblance
simulacrum	n.	a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture)
simulate	v.	reproduce someone's behavior or looks
simulate	v.	create a representation or model of
simulate	v.	make a pretence of
simulation	n.	the act of imitating the behavior of some situation or some process by means of something suitably analogous (especially for the purpose of study or personnel training)
simulation	n.	(computer science) the technique of representing the real world by a computer program
simulation	n.	representation of something (sometimes on a smaller scale)
simulation	n.	the act of giving a false appearance
simulations	n.	the act of imitating the behavior of some situation or some process by means of something suitably analogous (especially for the purpose of study or personnel training)
simulations	n.	(computer science) the technique of representing the real world by a computer program
simulations	n.	representation of something (sometimes on a smaller scale)
simulations	n.	the act of giving a false appearance
simulator	n.	a machine that simulates an environment for the purpose of training or research
simulcast	n.	a broadcast that is carried simultaneously by radio and television (or by FM and AM radio)
simultaneity	n.	happening or existing or done at the same time
simultaneous	adj.	occurring or operating at the same time
sin	n.	estrangement from god
sin	n.	an act that is regarded by theologians as a transgression of God's will
sin	n.	ratio of the length of the side opposite the given angle to the length of the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle
sin	n.	(Akkadian) god of the Moon; counterpart of Sumerian Nanna
sin	n.	the 21st letter of the Hebrew alphabet
sin	n.	violent and excited activity
sin	v.	commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law
sin	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
sinai	n.	a mountain peak in the southern Sinai Peninsula (7,500 feet high); it is believed to be the peak on which Moses received the Ten Commandments
sinai	n.	a desert on the Sinai Peninsula in northeastern Egypt
sinai	n.	a peninsula in northeastern Egypt; at north end of Red Sea
sinatra	n.	United States singer and film actor (1915-1998)
sinbad	n.	in the Arabian Nights a hero who tells of the fantastic adventures he had in his voyages
sincere	adj.	open and genuine; not deceitful
sincere	adj.	characterized by a firm and humorless belief in the validity of your opinions
sincerer	adj.	open and genuine; not deceitful
sincerer	adj.	characterized by a firm and humorless belief in the validity of your opinions
sincerity	n.	an earnest and sincere feeling
sincerity	n.	the quality of being open and truthful; not deceitful or hypocritical
sincerity	n.	a quality of naturalness and simplicity
sincerity	n.	the trait of being serious; - Robert Rice
sinclair	n.	United States writer whose novels argued for social reform (1878-1968)
sinclair	n.	English electrical engineer who founded a company that introduced many innovative products (born in 1940)
sindhi	n.	a native or inhabitant of Sind
sindhi	n.	the Indic language of Sind which is spoken also in western India
sine	n.	ratio of the length of the side opposite the given angle to the length of the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle
sinecure	n.	a benefice to which no spiritual or pastoral duties are attached
sinecure	n.	an office that involves minimal duties
sinew	n.	a cord or band of inelastic tissue connecting a muscle with its bony attachment
sinew	n.	possessing muscular strength
sinewy	adj.	(of meat) full of sinews; especially impossible to chew
sinewy	adj.	consisting of tendons or resembling a tendon
sinewy	adj.	(of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful
sinful	adj.	characterized by iniquity; wicked because it is believed to be a sin
sinful	adj.	having committed unrighteous acts
sinful	adj.	far more than usual or expected
sinfulness	n.	estrangement from god
sing	v.	deliver by singing
sing	v.	produce tones with the voice
sing	v.	to make melodious sounds
sing	v.	make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound
sing	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
singalong	n.	informal group singing of popular songs
singapore	n.	the capital of Singapore; one of the world's biggest ports
singapore	n.	a country in southeastern Asia on the island of Singapore; achieved independence from Malaysia in 1965
singapore	n.	an island to the south of the Malay Peninsula
singaporean	n.	an inhabitant of Singapore
singaporean	adj.	of or relating to the island nation of Singapore and its people
singaporean	adj.	of or relating to the city of Singapore
singe	n.	a surface burn
singe	v.	burn superficially or lightly
singe	v.	become superficially burned
singeing	v.	burn superficially or lightly
singeing	v.	become superficially burned
singer	n.	a person who sings
singer	n.	United States inventor of an improved chain-stitch sewing machine (1811-1875)
singer	n.	United States writer (born in Poland) of Yiddish stories and novels (1904-1991)
singing	n.	the act of singing vocal music
singing	n.	disclosing information or giving evidence about another
singing	v.	deliver by singing
singing	v.	produce tones with the voice
singing	v.	to make melodious sounds
singing	v.	make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound
singing	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
singing	v.	burn superficially or lightly
singing	v.	become superficially burned
singing	adj.	smooth and flowing
single	n.	a base hit on which the batter stops safely at first base
single	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
single	v.	hit a single
single	adj.	being or characteristic of a single thing or person
single	adj.	used of flowers having usually only one row or whorl of petals
single	adj.	existing alone or consisting of one entity or part or aspect or individual
single	adj.	not married or related to the unmarried state
single	adj.	characteristic of or meant for a single person or thing
single	adj.	having uniform application
single	adj.	not divided among or brought to bear on more than one object or objective
singleness	n.	without hypocrisy
singleness	n.	the quality of concentrating on one central objective
singles	n.	badminton played with one person on each side
singles	n.	tennis played with one person on each side
singles	n.	a base hit on which the batter stops safely at first base
singles	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
singles	v.	hit a single
singlet	n.	a collarless men's undergarment for the upper part of the body
singleton	n.	a single object (as distinguished from a pair)
singleton	n.	a set containing a single member
singleton	n.	the playing card that is the only card in a suit held in a bridge hand as initially dealt
singsong	n.	a regular and monotonous rising and falling intonation
singsong	n.	informal group singing of popular songs
singsong	v.	speak, chant, or declaim in a singsong
singsong	v.	move as if accompanied by a singsong
singsong	adj.	uttered in a monotonous cadence or rhythm as in chanting
singular	n.	the form of a word that is used to denote a singleton
singular	adj.	unusual or striking
singular	adj.	beyond or deviating from the usual or expected
singular	adj.	being a single and separate person or thing; ; -William James
singular	adj.	composed of one member, set, or kind
singular	adj.	grammatical number category referring to a single item or unit
singular	adj.	the single one of its kind
singularity	n.	the quality of being one of a kind
singularity	n.	strangeness by virtue of being remarkable or unusual
sinhalese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Sri Lanka
sinhalese	n.	the Indic language spoken by the people of Sri Lanka
sinhalese	adj.	of or relating to the Sinhalese languages
sinhalese	adj.	of or relating to the Sinhalese people
sinister	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
sinister	adj.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; ; ; ; ; ; ; -Thomas Hardy
sinister	adj.	on or starting from the wearer's left
sink	n.	plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and having a drainpipe
sink	n.	(technology) a process that acts to absorb or remove energy or a substance from a system
sink	n.	a depression in the ground communicating with a subterranean passage (especially in limestone) and formed by solution or by collapse of a cavern roof
sink	n.	a covered cistern; waste water and sewage flow into it
sink	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
sink	v.	cause to sink
sink	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
sink	v.	go under,
sink	v.	descend into or as if into some soft substance or place
sink	v.	appear to move downward
sink	v.	fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly
sink	v.	fall or sink heavily
sink	v.	embed deeply
sinkable	adj.	capable of being sunk
sinker	n.	a small ring-shaped friedcake
sinker	n.	a weight that sinks (as to hold nets or fishing lines under water)
sinker	n.	a pitch that curves downward rapidly as it approaches the plate
sinkhole	n.	a depression in the ground communicating with a subterranean passage (especially in limestone) and formed by solution or by collapse of a cavern roof
sinkiang	n.	an autonomous province in far northwestern China on the border with Mongolia and Kazakhstan; the largest province in the People's Republic of China and the homeland of the Uighur people
sinless	adj.	free from sin
sinned	v.	commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law
sinned	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
sinner	n.	a person who sins (without repenting)
sinning	n.	an act that is regarded by theologians as a transgression of God's will
sinning	v.	commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law
sinning	v.	commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake
sinning	adj.	transgressing a moral or divine law; - Shakespeare
sinology	n.	the study of Chinese history and language and culture
sinuosity	n.	having curves
sinuous	adj.	curved or curving in and out
sinus	n.	an abnormal passage leading from a suppurating cavity to the body surface
sinus	n.	any of various air-filled cavities especially in the bones of the skull
sinus	n.	a wide channel containing blood; does not have the coating of an ordinary blood vessel
sinusitis	n.	inflammation of one of the paranasal sinuses
sinusoidal	adj.	having a succession of waves or curves
sioux	n.	a member of a group of North American Indian peoples who spoke a Siouan language and who ranged from Lake Michigan to the Rocky Mountains
sip	n.	a small drink
sip	v.	drink in sips
siphon	n.	a tube running from the liquid in a vessel to a lower level outside the vessel so that atmospheric pressure forces the liquid through the tube
siphon	n.	a tubular organ in an aquatic animal (especially in mollusks) through which water can be taken in or expelled
siphon	v.	convey, draw off, or empty by or as if by a siphon
siphon	v.	move a liquid from one container into another by means of a siphon or a siphoning action
sipped	v.	drink in sips
sipper	n.	a drinker who sips
sipping	v.	drink in sips
sir	n.	term of address for a man
sir	n.	a title used before the name of knight or baronet
sire	n.	a title of address formerly used for a man of rank and authority
sire	n.	the founder of a family
sire	n.	male parent of an animal especially a domestic animal such as a horse
sire	v.	make children
siren	n.	a sea nymph (part woman and part bird) supposed to lure sailors to destruction on the rocks where the nymphs lived
siren	n.	a woman who is considered to be dangerously seductive
siren	n.	a warning signal that is a loud wailing sound
siren	n.	an acoustic device producing a loud often wailing sound as a signal or warning
siren	n.	eellike aquatic North American salamander with small forelimbs and no hind limbs; have permanent external gills
sirius	n.	the brightest star in the sky; in Canis Major
sirloin	n.	the portion of the loin (especially of beef) just in front of the rump
sirocco	n.	a windstorm that lifts up clouds of dust or sand
sirrah	n.	formerly a contemptuous term of address to an inferior man or boy; often used in anger
sis	n.	a female person who has the same parents as another person
sis	n.	a tetravalent nonmetallic element; next to oxygen it is the most abundant element in the earth's crust; occurs in clay and feldspar and granite and quartz and sand; used as a semiconductor in transistors
sis	n.	a complete metric system of units of measurement for scientists; fundamental quantities are length (meter) and mass (kilogram) and time (second) and electric current (ampere) and temperature (kelvin) and amount of matter (mole) and luminous intensity (candela)
sis	n.	the syllable naming the seventh (subtonic) note of any musical scale in solmization
sisal	n.	a plant fiber used for making rope
sisal	n.	Mexican or West Indian plant with large fleshy leaves yielding a stiff fiber used in e.g. rope
sissified	adj.	having unsuitable feminine qualities
sissy	n.	a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive
sissy	adj.	having unsuitable feminine qualities
sister	n.	a female person who has the same parents as another person
sister	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a nun (and used as a form of address)
sister	n.	a female person who is a fellow member of a sorority or labor union or other group
sister	n.	(slang) sometimes used as a term of address for attractive young women
sisterhood	n.	the kinship relation between a female offspring and the siblings
sisterhood	n.	an association or society of women who are linked together by a common religion or trade or interest
sisterhood	n.	a religious society of women who live together as sisters (especially an order of nuns)
sisterly	adj.	like or characteristic of or befitting a sister
sisyphean	adj.	of or relating to Sisyphus
sisyphean	adj.	both extremely effortful and futile
sisyphus	n.	(Greek legend) a king in ancient Greece who offended Zeus and whose punishment was to roll a huge boulder to the top of a steep hill; each time the boulder neared the top it rolled back down and Sisyphus was forced to start again
sit	v.	be seated
sit	v.	be around, often idly or without specific purpose
sit	v.	take a seat
sit	v.	be in session
sit	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
sit	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
sit	v.	be located or situated somewhere
sit	v.	work or act as a baby-sitter
sit	v.	show to a seat; assign a seat for
sit	v.	serve in a specific professional capacity
sitar	n.	a stringed instrument of India; has a long neck and movable frets; has 6 or 7 metal strings for playing and usually 13 resonating strings
sitcom	n.	a humorous drama based on situations that might arise in day-to-day life
sitcom	n.	a humorous television program based on situations that could arise in everyday life
site	n.	the piece of land on which something is located (or is to be located)
site	n.	physical position in relation to the surroundings
site	n.	a computer connected to the internet that maintains a series of web pages on the World Wide Web
site	v.	assign a location to
sitter	n.	Dutch astronomer who calculated the size of the universe and suggested that it is expanding (1872-1934)
sitter	n.	an organism (person or animal) that sits
sitter	n.	a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home
sitter	n.	a person who poses for a painter or sculptor
sitter	n.	a domestic hen ready to brood
sitting	n.	(photography) the act of assuming a certain position (as for a photograph or portrait)
sitting	n.	the act of assuming or maintaining a seated position
sitting	n.	a meeting of spiritualists
sitting	n.	a session as of a legislature or court
sitting	v.	be seated
sitting	v.	be around, often idly or without specific purpose
sitting	v.	take a seat
sitting	v.	be in session
sitting	v.	assume a posture as for artistic purposes
sitting	v.	sit and travel on the back of animal, usually while controlling its motions
sitting	v.	be located or situated somewhere
sitting	v.	work or act as a baby-sitter
sitting	v.	show to a seat; assign a seat for
sitting	v.	serve in a specific professional capacity
sitting	adj.	(of persons) having the torso erect and legs bent with the body supported on the buttocks
sitting	adj.	not moving and therefore easy to attack
situate	v.	determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey
situate	v.	put (something somewhere) firmly
situation	n.	the general state of things; the combination of circumstances at a given time; ; ; - Franklin D.Roosevelt
situation	n.	a condition or position in which you find yourself
situation	n.	a complex or critical or unusual difficulty
situation	n.	physical position in relation to the surroundings
situation	n.	a job in an organization
siva	n.	the destroyer; one of the three major divinities in the later Hindu pantheon
sivan	n.	the ninth month of the civil year; the third month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in May and June)
six	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of five and one
six	n.	a playing card or domino or die whose upward face shows six pips
six	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of six items or units
sixfold	adj.	having six units or components
sixfold	adv.	by a factor of six
sixpence	n.	a small coin of the United Kingdom worth six pennies; not minted since 1970
sixteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one
sixteen	adj.	being one more than fifteen
sixteenth	n.	position 16 in a countable series of things
sixteenth	n.	one part in sixteen equal parts
sixteenth	adj.	coming next after the fifteenth in position
sixteenths	n.	position 16 in a countable series of things
sixteenths	n.	one part in sixteen equal parts
sixth	n.	position six in a countable series of things
sixth	n.	one part in six equal parts
sixth	n.	the musical interval between one note and another six notes away from it
sixth	adj.	coming next after the fifth and just before the seventh in position
sixths	n.	position six in a countable series of things
sixths	n.	one part in six equal parts
sixths	n.	the musical interval between one note and another six notes away from it
sixtieth	n.	position 60 in a countable series of things
sixtieth	n.	one part in sixty equal parts
sixtieth	adj.	the ordinal number of sixty in counting order
sixtieths	n.	position 60 in a countable series of things
sixtieths	n.	one part in sixty equal parts
sixty	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and six
sixty	adj.	being ten more than fifty
sizable	adj.	fairly large
sizable	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
size	n.	the physical magnitude of something (how big it is)
size	n.	the property resulting from being one of a series of graduated measurements (as of clothing)
size	n.	any glutinous material used to fill pores in surfaces or to stiffen fabrics
size	n.	the actual state of affairs
size	n.	a large magnitude
size	v.	cover or stiffen or glaze a porous material with size or sizing (a glutinous substance)
size	v.	sort according to size
size	v.	make to a size; bring to a suitable size
size	adj.	(used in combination) sized
sizer	adj.	(used in combination) sized
sizing	n.	any glutinous material used to fill pores in surfaces or to stiffen fabrics
sizing	v.	cover or stiffen or glaze a porous material with size or sizing (a glutinous substance)
sizing	v.	sort according to size
sizing	v.	make to a size; bring to a suitable size
sizzle	n.	a sizzling noise
sizzle	v.	make a sound like frying fat
sizzle	v.	seethe with deep anger or resentment
sizzle	v.	burn or sear with a sizzling sound
sjaelland	n.	the largest island of Denmark and the site of Copenhagen
skate	n.	sports equipment that is worn on the feet to enable the wearer to glide along and to be propelled by the alternate actions of the legs
skate	n.	large edible rays having a long snout and thick tail with pectoral fins continuous with the head; swim by undulating the edges of the pectoral fins
skate	v.	move along on skates
skateboard	n.	a board with wheels that is ridden in a standing or crouching position and propelled by foot
skateboard	v.	ride on a flat board with rollers attached to the bottom
skateboarder	n.	someone who skates on a skateboard
skateboarding	n.	the sport of skating on a skateboard
skateboarding	v.	ride on a flat board with rollers attached to the bottom
skater	n.	someone who skates
skating	n.	the sport of gliding on skates
skating	v.	move along on skates
skedaddle	n.	a hasty flight
skedaddle	v.	run away, as if in a panic
skeet	n.	the sport of shooting at clay pigeons that are hurled upward in such a way as to simulate the flight of a bird
skein	n.	coils of worsted yarn
skeletal	adj.	of or relating to or forming or attached to a skeleton
skeletal	adj.	very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold
skeleton	n.	something reduced to its minimal form
skeleton	n.	a scandal that is kept secret
skeleton	n.	the hard structure (bones and cartilages) that provides a frame for the body of an animal
skeleton	n.	the internal supporting structure that gives an artifact its shape
skeptic	n.	someone who habitually doubts accepted beliefs
skeptical	adj.	denying or questioning the tenets of especially a religion
skeptical	adj.	marked by or given to doubt
skepticism	n.	doubt about the truth of something
skepticism	n.	the disbelief in any claims of ultimate knowledge
sketch	n.	preliminary drawing for later elaboration
sketch	n.	a brief literary description
sketch	n.	short descriptive summary (of events)
sketch	n.	a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine
sketch	v.	make a sketch of
sketch	v.	describe roughly or briefly or give the main points or summary of
sketchbook	n.	a book containing sheets of paper on which sketches can be drawn
sketcher	n.	someone who draws sketches
sketcher	n.	an implement for sketching
sketchily	adv.	in a sketchy incomplete manner
sketchiness	n.	incompleteness of details
sketchy	adj.	giving only major points; lacking completeness
skew	v.	turn or place at an angle
skew	adj.	having an oblique or slanting direction or position
skewer	n.	a long pin for holding meat in position while it is being roasted
skewer	v.	drive a skewer through
ski	n.	narrow wood or metal or plastic runners used in pairs for gliding over snow
ski	v.	move along on skis
skibob	n.	a vehicle resembling a bicycle but having skis instead of wheels; the rider wears short skis for balancing
skid	n.	one of a pair of planks used to make a track for rolling or sliding objects
skid	n.	a restraint provided when the brake linings are moved hydraulically against the brake drum to retard the wheel's rotation
skid	n.	an unexpected slide
skid	v.	slide without control
skid	v.	elevate onto skids
skid	v.	apply a brake or skid to
skid	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
skidded	v.	slide without control
skidded	v.	elevate onto skids
skidded	v.	apply a brake or skid to
skidded	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
skidding	v.	slide without control
skidding	v.	elevate onto skids
skidding	v.	apply a brake or skid to
skidding	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
skidpan	n.	a paved surface on which cars can be made to skid so that drivers can practice controlling them
skier	n.	someone who skis
skiff	n.	any of various small boats propelled by oars or by sails or by a motor
skiffle	n.	a style of popular music in the 1950s; based on American folk music and played on guitars and improvised percussion instruments
skiing	n.	a sport in which participants must travel on skis
skiing	v.	move along on skis
skill	n.	an ability that has been acquired by training
skill	n.	ability to produce solutions in some problem domain
skilled	adj.	having or showing or requiring special skill
skillet	n.	a pan used for frying foods
skillful	adj.	having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude
skillful	adj.	done with delicacy and skill
skillfulness	n.	the state of being cognitively skillful
skim	n.	a thin layer covering the surface of a liquid
skim	n.	reading or glancing through quickly
skim	v.	travel on the surface of water
skim	v.	move or pass swiftly and lightly over the surface of
skim	v.	examine hastily
skim	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skim	v.	coat (a liquid) with a layer
skim	v.	remove from the surface
skim	v.	read superficially
skim	adj.	used of milk and milk products from which the cream has been removed
skimmed	v.	travel on the surface of water
skimmed	v.	move or pass swiftly and lightly over the surface of
skimmed	v.	examine hastily
skimmed	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skimmed	v.	coat (a liquid) with a layer
skimmed	v.	remove from the surface
skimmed	v.	read superficially
skimmed	adj.	used of milk and milk products from which the cream has been removed
skimmer	n.	a rapid superficial reader
skimmer	n.	a cooking utensil used to skim fat from the surface of liquids
skimmer	n.	a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown
skimmer	n.	gull-like seabird that flies along the surface of the water with an elongated lower mandible immersed to skim out food
skimming	n.	the act of removing floating material from the surface of a liquid
skimming	n.	reading or glancing through quickly
skimming	n.	failure to declare income in order to avoid paying taxes on it
skimming	n.	the act of brushing against while passing
skimming	v.	travel on the surface of water
skimming	v.	move or pass swiftly and lightly over the surface of
skimming	v.	examine hastily
skimming	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skimming	v.	coat (a liquid) with a layer
skimming	v.	remove from the surface
skimming	v.	read superficially
skimp	v.	work hastily or carelessly; deal with inadequately and superficially
skimp	v.	limit in quality or quantity
skimp	v.	subsist on a meager allowance
skimp	v.	supply sparingly and with restricted quantities
skimpily	adv.	in a skimpy manner
skimpy	adj.	containing little excess
skin	n.	a natural protective body covering and site of the sense of touch
skin	n.	an outer surface (usually thin)
skin	n.	body covering of a living animal
skin	n.	a person's skin regarded as their life
skin	n.	the rind of a fruit or vegetable
skin	n.	a bag serving as a container for liquids; it is made from the hide of an animal
skin	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
skin	v.	bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of
skin	v.	remove the bark of a tree
skin	v.	strip the skin off
skincare	n.	care for the skin
skinflint	n.	a selfish person who is unwilling to give or spend
skinful	n.	a quantity of alcoholic drink sufficient to make you drunk
skinhead	n.	a young person who belongs to a British or American group that shave their heads and gather at rock concerts or engage in white supremacist demonstrations
skinless	adj.	having no skin
skinned	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
skinned	v.	bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of
skinned	v.	remove the bark of a tree
skinned	v.	strip the skin off
skinned	adj.	having skin of a specified kind
skinner	n.	United States actor (1858-1942)
skinner	n.	United States actress noted for her one-woman shows (1901-1979)
skinner	n.	United States psychologist and a leading proponent of behaviorism (1904-1990)
skinner	n.	a person who prepares or deals in animal skins
skinner	n.	a worker who drives mules
skinniness	n.	the bodily property of lacking flesh
skinning	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
skinning	v.	bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of
skinning	v.	remove the bark of a tree
skinning	v.	strip the skin off
skinny	n.	confidential information about a topic or person
skinny	adj.	being very thin
skinny	adj.	of or relating to or resembling skin
skinny	adj.	fitting snugly
skinny	adj.	giving or spending with reluctance
skint	adj.	lacking funds
skintight	adj.	so tight as to cling to the skin
skip	n.	a gait in which steps and hops alternate
skip	n.	a mistake resulting from neglect
skip	v.	bypass
skip	v.	intentionally fail to attend
skip	v.	jump lightly
skip	v.	leave suddenly
skip	v.	bound off one point after another
skip	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skipped	v.	bypass
skipped	v.	intentionally fail to attend
skipped	v.	jump lightly
skipped	v.	leave suddenly
skipped	v.	bound off one point after another
skipped	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skipper	n.	a student who fails to attend classes
skipper	n.	an officer who is licensed to command a merchant ship
skipper	n.	the naval officer in command of a military ship
skipper	v.	work as the skipper on a vessel
skipping	v.	bypass
skipping	v.	intentionally fail to attend
skipping	v.	jump lightly
skipping	v.	leave suddenly
skipping	v.	bound off one point after another
skipping	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skirmish	n.	a minor short-term fight
skirmish	v.	engage in a skirmish
skirt	n.	cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist
skirt	n.	a garment hanging from the waist; worn mainly by girls and women
skirt	n.	(Fungi) a remnant of the partial veil that in mature mushrooms surrounds the stem like a collar
skirt	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
skirt	v.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues)
skirt	v.	pass around or about; move along the border
skirt	v.	form the edge of
skirt	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
skit	n.	a short theatrical episode
skitter	v.	to move about or proceed hurriedly
skitter	v.	glide easily along a surface
skitter	v.	cause to skip over a surface
skitter	v.	twitch the hook of a fishing line through or along the surface of water
skittish	adj.	unpredictably excitable (especially of horses)
skittishness	n.	characterized by nervousness and quickness to take fright
skittle	n.	a bowling pin of the type used in playing ninepins or (in England) skittles
skittle	v.	play skittles
skive	v.	remove the surface of
skivvy	n.	a female domestic servant who does all kinds of menial work
skopje	n.	capital of modern Macedonia
skua	n.	gull-like jaeger of northern seas
skulduggery	n.	verbal misrepresentation intended to take advantage of you in some way
skulk	v.	lie in wait, lie in ambush, behave in a sneaky and secretive manner
skulk	v.	avoid responsibilities and duties, e.g., by pretending to be ill
skulk	v.	move stealthily
skulker	n.	someone shirking their duty by feigning illness or incapacity
skulker	n.	someone waiting in concealment
skull	n.	the bony skeleton of the head of vertebrates
skullcap	n.	rounded brimless cap fitting the crown of the head
skullcap	n.	a herbaceous plant of the genus Scutellaria which has a calyx that, when inverted, resembles a helmet with its visor raised
skullcap	n.	the dome of the skull
skunk	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
skunk	n.	a defeat in a game where one side fails to score
skunk	n.	street names for marijuana
skunk	n.	American musteline mammal typically ejecting an intensely malodorous fluid when startled; in some classifications put in a separate subfamily Mephitinae
skunk	v.	defeat by a lurch
sky	n.	the atmosphere and outer space as viewed from the earth
sky	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
skycap	n.	a porter who helps passengers with their baggage at an airport
skydive	v.	jump from an airplane and perform various maneuvers before opening one's parachute
skydiver	n.	a person who jumps from a plane and performs various gymnastic maneuvers before pulling the parachute cord
skydiving	n.	performing acrobatics in free fall before pulling the ripcord of a parachute
skydiving	v.	jump from an airplane and perform various maneuvers before opening one's parachute
skyjack	v.	subject an aircraft to air piracy
skyjacking	v.	subject an aircraft to air piracy
skylab	n.	United States space station; in orbit from 1973 to 1979
skylark	n.	brown-speckled European lark noted for singing while hovering at a great height
skylark	v.	play boisterously
skylight	n.	a window in a roof to admit daylight
skyline	n.	the outline of objects seen against the sky
skyline	n.	the line at which the sky and Earth appear to meet
skyrocket	n.	propels bright light high in the sky, or used to propel a lifesaving line or harpoon
skyrocket	n.	sends a firework display high into the sky
skyrocket	v.	shoot up abruptly, like a rocket
skyscraper	n.	a very tall building with many stories
skyward	adj.	directed toward heaven or the sky
skyward	adv.	toward the sky
skywriting	n.	writing formed in the sky by smoke released from an airplane
slab	n.	block consisting of a thick piece of something
slack	n.	dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt that sifts out when coal is passed over a sieve
slack	n.	a noticeable deterioration in performance or quality
slack	n.	a stretch of water without current or movement
slack	n.	a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot
slack	n.	the quality of being loose (not taut)
slack	n.	a cord or rope or cable that is hanging loosely
slack	v.	avoid responsibilities and work, be idle
slack	v.	be inattentive to, or neglect
slack	v.	release tension on
slack	v.	make less active or fast
slack	v.	become slow or slower
slack	v.	make less active or intense
slack	v.	become less in amount or intensity
slack	v.	cause to heat and crumble by treatment with water
slack	adj.	not tense or taut
slack	adj.	flowing with little speed as e.g. at the turning of the tide
slack	adj.	lacking in rigor or strictness
slacken	v.	become slow or slower
slacken	v.	make less active or fast
slacken	v.	become looser or slack
slacken	v.	make slack as by lessening tension or firmness
slacker	n.	a person who shirks his work or duty (especially one who tries to evade military service in wartime)
slacker	adj.	not tense or taut
slacker	adj.	flowing with little speed as e.g. at the turning of the tide
slacker	adj.	lacking in rigor or strictness
slackness	n.	weakness characterized by a lack of vitality or energy
slackness	n.	the quality of being loose (not taut)
slackness	n.	the quality of being lax and neglectful
slacks	n.	(usually in the plural) pants for casual wear
slacks	n.	dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt that sifts out when coal is passed over a sieve
slacks	n.	a noticeable deterioration in performance or quality
slacks	n.	a stretch of water without current or movement
slacks	n.	a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot
slacks	n.	the quality of being loose (not taut)
slacks	n.	a cord or rope or cable that is hanging loosely
slacks	v.	avoid responsibilities and work, be idle
slacks	v.	be inattentive to, or neglect
slacks	v.	release tension on
slacks	v.	make less active or fast
slacks	v.	become slow or slower
slacks	v.	make less active or intense
slacks	v.	become less in amount or intensity
slacks	v.	cause to heat and crumble by treatment with water
slag	n.	the scum formed by oxidation at the surface of molten metals
slag	v.	convert into slag
slagged	v.	convert into slag
slagging	v.	convert into slag
slagheap	n.	pile of waste matter from coal mining etc
slain	n.	people who have been slain (as in battle)
slain	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
slain	adj.	killed; `slain' is formal or literary as in
slake	v.	satisfy (thirst)
slake	v.	make less active or intense
slake	v.	cause to heat and crumble by treatment with water
slalom	n.	a downhill race over a winding course defined by upright poles
slalom	v.	race on skis around obstacles
slam	n.	winning all or all but one of the tricks in bridge
slam	n.	the noise made by the forceful impact of two objects
slam	n.	a forceful impact that makes a loud noise
slam	n.	an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect
slam	v.	close violently
slam	v.	strike violently
slam	v.	dance the slam dance
slam	v.	throw violently
slammed	v.	close violently
slammed	v.	strike violently
slammed	v.	dance the slam dance
slammed	v.	throw violently
slammer	n.	a person who closes things violently
slammer	n.	a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)
slamming	v.	close violently
slamming	v.	strike violently
slamming	v.	dance the slam dance
slamming	v.	throw violently
slander	n.	words falsely spoken that damage the reputation of another
slander	n.	an abusive attack on a person's character or good name
slander	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
slanderer	n.	one who attacks the reputation of another by slander or libel
slanderous	adj.	(used of statements) harmful and often untrue; tending to discredit or malign
slang	n.	informal language consisting of words and expressions that are not considered appropriate for formal occasions; often vituperative or vulgar
slang	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
slang	v.	use slang or vulgar language
slang	v.	fool or hoax
slang	v.	abuse with coarse language
slangy	adj.	constituting or expressed in slang or given to the use of slang
slant	n.	a biased way of looking at or presenting something
slant	n.	degree of deviation from a horizontal plane
slant	v.	lie obliquely
slant	v.	present with a bias
slant	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
slant	v.	heel over
slanting	v.	lie obliquely
slanting	v.	present with a bias
slanting	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
slanting	v.	heel over
slanting	adj.	having an oblique or slanted direction
slantwise	adv.	at a slant; moving or directed in a slantwise position or direction
slap	n.	a blow from a flat object (as an open hand)
slap	n.	the act of smacking something; a blow delivered with an open hand
slap	v.	hit with something flat, like a paddle or the open hand
slap	adv.	directly
slapdash	adj.	marked by great carelessness
slapdash	adv.	in a careless or reckless manner
slapdash	adv.	directly
slaphappy	adj.	cheerfully irresponsible
slaphappy	adj.	dazed from or as if from repeated blows
slapped	v.	hit with something flat, like a paddle or the open hand
slapper	n.	a hitter who slaps (usually another person) with an open hand
slapping	v.	hit with something flat, like a paddle or the open hand
slapstick	n.	a boisterous comedy with chases and collisions and practical jokes
slapstick	n.	acoustic device consisting of two paddles hinged together; used by an actor to make a loud noise without inflicting injury when striking someone
slapstick	adj.	characterized by horseplay and physical action
slash	n.	a wound made by cutting
slash	n.	an open tract of land in a forest that is strewn with debris from logging (or fire or wind)
slash	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
slash	n.	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument
slash	v.	cut with sweeping strokes; as with an ax or machete
slash	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
slash	v.	cut open
slash	v.	cut drastically
slash	v.	move or stir about violently
slasher	n.	someone who slashes another person
slasher	n.	a weapon (a sword or dagger) used for slashing
slat	n.	a thin strip (wood or metal)
slat	v.	equip or bar with slats
slat	v.	close the slats of (windows)
slate	n.	(formerly) a writing tablet made of slate
slate	n.	thin layers of rock used for roofing
slate	n.	a fine-grained metamorphic rock that can be split into thin layers
slate	n.	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices
slate	v.	designate or schedule
slate	v.	enter on a list or slate for an election
slate	v.	cover with slate
slater	n.	any of various small terrestrial isopods having a flat elliptical segmented body; found in damp habitats
slather	v.	spread thickly
slatted	v.	equip or bar with slats
slatted	v.	close the slats of (windows)
slattern	n.	a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets
slattern	n.	a dirty untidy woman
slaughter	n.	the killing of animals (as for food)
slaughter	n.	a sound defeat
slaughter	n.	the savage and excessive killing of many people
slaughter	v.	kill (animals) usually for food consumption
slaughter	v.	kill a large number of people indiscriminately
slaughterer	n.	a person who slaughters or dresses meat for market
slaughterhouse	n.	a building where animals are butchered
slav	n.	any member of the people of eastern Europe or Asian Russia who speak a Slavonic language
slav	adj.	speaking a Slavic language
slave	n.	a person who is owned by someone
slave	n.	someone who works as hard as a slave
slave	n.	someone entirely dominated by some influence or person
slave	v.	work very hard, like a slave
slaveholder	n.	someone who holds slaves
slaver	n.	a person engaged in slave trade
slaver	n.	someone who holds slaves
slaver	v.	let saliva drivel from the mouth
slavery	n.	the state of being under the control of another person
slavery	n.	the practice of owning slaves
slavery	n.	work done under harsh conditions for little or no pay
slavic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European family of languages
slavic	adj.	of or relating to Slavic languages
slavish	adj.	blindly imitative
slavish	adj.	abjectly submissive; characteristic of a slave or servant; ; - S.H.Adams
slavonic	n.	a branch of the Indo-European family of languages
slavonic	adj.	of or relating to Slavic languages
slaw	n.	basically shredded cabbage
slay	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
slayer	n.	someone who causes the death of a person or animal
slaying	n.	unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being
slaying	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
sleaze	n.	tastelessness by virtue of being cheap and vulgar
sleaziness	n.	morally dishonorable
sleaziness	n.	a lack of elegance as a consequence of wearing threadbare or dirty clothing
sleazy	adj.	of cloth; thin and loosely woven
sleazy	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
sleazy	adj.	morally degraded; ; ; ; - Seattle Weekly; - James Joyce
sled	n.	a vehicle mounted on runners and pulled by horses or dogs; for transportation over snow
sled	v.	ride (on) a sled
sledder	n.	someone who rides a sled
sledding	n.	the sport of riding on a sled or sleigh
sledding	n.	advancing toward a goal
sledding	v.	ride (on) a sled
sledge	n.	a vehicle mounted on runners and pulled by horses or dogs; for transportation over snow
sledge	n.	a heavy long-handled hammer used to drive stakes or wedges
sledge	v.	transport in a sleigh
sledge	v.	ride in or travel with a sledge
sledge	v.	beat with a sledgehammer
sledgehammer	n.	a heavy long-handled hammer used to drive stakes or wedges
sledgehammer	v.	beat with a sledgehammer
sleek	v.	make slick or smooth
sleek	adj.	well-groomed and neatly tailored; especially too well-groomed
sleek	adj.	designed or arranged to offer the least resistant to fluid flow
sleek	adj.	having a smooth, gleaming surface reflecting light
sleekness	n.	the quality of being well-groomed and neatly tailored
sleekness	n.	the smooth feel of silk fabric
sleep	n.	a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world is suspended
sleep	n.	a torpid state resembling deep sleep
sleep	n.	a period of time spent sleeping
sleep	n.	euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb)
sleep	v.	be asleep
sleep	v.	be able to accommodate for sleeping
sleeper	n.	a rester who is sleeping
sleeper	n.	a spy or saboteur or terrorist planted in an enemy country who lives there as a law-abiding citizen until activated by a prearranged signal
sleeper	n.	an unexpected achiever of success
sleeper	n.	one of the cross braces that support the rails on a railway track
sleeper	n.	a passenger car that has berths for sleeping
sleeper	n.	pajamas with feet; worn by children
sleeper	n.	a piece of furniture that can be opened up into a bed
sleeper	n.	tropical fish that resembles a goby and rests quietly on the bottom in shallow water
sleeper	n.	an unexpected hit
sleepily	adv.	in a sleepy manner
sleepiness	n.	a very sleepy state
sleepless	adj.	experiencing or accompanied by sleeplessness; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
sleepless	adj.	always watchful; - Alfred Tennyson
sleeplessness	n.	a temporary state in which you are unable (or unwilling) to sleep
sleepover	n.	an occasion of spending a night away from home or having a guest spend the night in your home (especially as a party for children)
sleepwalk	v.	walk in one's sleep
sleepwalker	n.	someone who walks about in their sleep
sleepwalking	n.	walking by a person who is asleep
sleepwalking	v.	walk in one's sleep
sleepwear	n.	garments designed to be worn in bed
sleepy	adj.	ready to fall asleep
sleepyhead	n.	a sleepy person
sleet	n.	partially melted snow (or a mixture of rain and snow)
sleet	v.	precipitate as a mixture of rain and snow
sleety	adj.	consisting of or of the nature of frozen or partially frozen rain
sleeve	n.	the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a cloth covering for the arm
sleeve	n.	small case into which an object fits
sleeveless	adj.	having no sleeves
sleeveless	adj.	unproductive of success
sleigh	n.	a vehicle mounted on runners and pulled by horses or dogs; for transportation over snow
sleigh	v.	ride (on) a sled
sleighs	n.	a vehicle mounted on runners and pulled by horses or dogs; for transportation over snow
sleighs	v.	ride (on) a sled
sleight	n.	adroitness in using the hands
slender	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
slender	adj.	very narrow
slender	adj.	having little width in proportion to the length or height
slender	adj.	small in quantity
slender	adj.	moving and bending with ease
slenderize	v.	make slender or appear to be slender
slenderize	v.	take off weight
slenderness	n.	the quality of being slight or inadequate
slenderness	n.	relatively small dimension through an object as opposed to its length or width
slenderness	n.	the property of an attractively thin person
slept	v.	be asleep
slept	v.	be able to accommodate for sleeping
sleuth	n.	a detective who follows a trail
sleuth	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
sleuths	n.	a detective who follows a trail
sleuths	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
slew	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
slew	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
slew	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slew	v.	kill intentionally and with premeditation
slice	n.	a share of something
slice	n.	a serving that has been cut from a larger portion
slice	n.	a wound made by cutting
slice	n.	a golf shot that curves to the right for a right-handed golfer
slice	n.	a thin flat piece cut off of some object
slice	n.	a spatula for spreading paint or ink
slice	v.	make a clean cut through
slice	v.	hit a ball and put a spin on it so that it travels in a different direction
slice	v.	cut into slices
slice	v.	hit a ball so that it causes a backspin
slicer	n.	a golfer whose shots typically curve right (for right-handed golfers)
slicer	n.	a machine for cutting; usually with a revolving blade
slicer	n.	knife especially designed for slicing particular foods, as cheese
slick	n.	a slippery smoothness
slick	n.	a magazine printed on good quality paper
slick	n.	a film of oil or garbage floating on top of water
slick	n.	a trowel used to make a surface slick
slick	v.	make slick or smooth
slick	v.	give a smooth and glossy appearance
slick	adj.	made slick by e.g. ice or grease
slick	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
slick	adj.	having a smooth, gleaming surface reflecting light
slick	adj.	marked by skill in deception
slicker	n.	a macintosh made from cotton fabric treated with oil and pigment to make it waterproof
slicker	n.	a person with good manners and stylish clothing
slicker	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
slicker	adj.	made slick by e.g. ice or grease
slicker	adj.	having only superficial plausibility
slicker	adj.	having a smooth, gleaming surface reflecting light
slicker	adj.	marked by skill in deception
slickness	n.	verbal misrepresentation intended to take advantage of you in some way
slickness	n.	a kind of fluent easy superficiality
slickness	n.	a slippery smoothness
slid	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slid	v.	to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly
slid	v.	move smoothly along a surface
slide	n.	a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for microscopic study
slide	n.	(geology) the descent of a large mass of earth or rocks or snow etc.
slide	n.	(music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale
slide	n.	plaything consisting of a sloping chute down which children can slide
slide	n.	the act of moving smoothly along a surface while remaining in contact with it
slide	n.	a transparency mounted in a frame; viewed with a slide projector
slide	n.	sloping channel through which things can descend
slide	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slide	v.	to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly
slide	v.	move smoothly along a surface
slider	n.	a person who slips or slides because of loss of traction
slider	n.	someone who races the luge
slider	n.	freshwater turtle of United States and South America; frequently raised commercially; some young sold as pets
slider	n.	a fastball that curves slightly away from the side from which it was thrown
slight	n.	a deliberate discourteous act (usually as an expression of anger or disapproval)
slight	v.	pay no attention to, disrespect
slight	adj.	(quantifier used with mass nouns) small in quantity or degree; not much or almost none or (with `a') at least some
slight	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
slight	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
slightness	n.	the quality of being unimportant and petty or frivolous
slightness	n.	smallness of stature
slightness	n.	the property of an attractively thin person
slim	v.	take off weight
slim	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
slim	adj.	small in quantity
slime	n.	any thick, viscous matter
slime	v.	cover or stain with slime
sliminess	n.	a property resembling or being covered with slime
sliminess	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
slimmer	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
slimmer	adj.	small in quantity
slimmest	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
slimmest	adj.	small in quantity
slimness	n.	a small margin
slimness	n.	the property of an attractively thin person
slimy	adj.	covered with or resembling slime
slimy	adj.	morally reprehensible
sling	n.	a highball with liquor and water with sugar and lemon or lime juice
sling	n.	a plaything consisting of a Y-shaped stick with elastic between the arms; used to propel small stones
sling	n.	a shoe that has a strap that wraps around the heel
sling	n.	a simple weapon consisting of a looped strap in which a projectile is whirled and then released
sling	n.	bandage to support an injured forearm; consisting of a wide triangular piece of cloth hanging from around the neck
sling	v.	hurl as if with a sling
sling	v.	hang loosely or freely; let swing
sling	v.	move with a sling
sling	v.	hold or carry in a sling
slingback	n.	a shoe that has a strap that wraps around the heel
slingshot	n.	a plaything consisting of a Y-shaped stick with elastic between the arms; used to propel small stones
slink	v.	walk stealthily
slip	n.	a socially awkward or tactless act
slip	n.	a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small accidents or memory lapses etc.
slip	n.	potter's clay that is thinned and used for coating or decorating ceramics
slip	n.	a part (sometimes a root or leaf or bud) removed from a plant to propagate a new plant through rooting or grafting
slip	n.	a young and slender person
slip	n.	a place where a craft can be made fast
slip	n.	an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall
slip	n.	a slippery smoothness
slip	n.	artifact consisting of a narrow flat piece of material
slip	n.	a small sheet of paper
slip	n.	a woman's sleeveless undergarment
slip	n.	bed linen consisting of a cover for a pillow
slip	n.	an unexpected slide
slip	n.	a flight maneuver; aircraft slides sideways in the air
slip	n.	the act of avoiding capture (especially by cunning)
slip	v.	move stealthily
slip	v.	insert inconspicuously or quickly or quietly
slip	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slip	v.	get worse
slip	v.	move smoothly and easily
slip	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
slip	v.	pass on stealthily
slip	v.	move easily
slip	v.	cause to move with a smooth or sliding motion
slip	v.	pass out of one's memory
slip	v.	move out of position
slipcover	n.	a removable fitted cloth covering for upholstered furniture
slipknot	n.	a knot at the end of a cord or rope that can slip along the cord or rope around which it is made
slippage	n.	a decrease of transmitted power in a mechanical system caused by slipping
slippage	n.	decline from a standard level of performance or achievement
slippage	n.	failing to hold or slipping out of place
slipped	v.	move stealthily
slipped	v.	insert inconspicuously or quickly or quietly
slipped	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slipped	v.	get worse
slipped	v.	move smoothly and easily
slipped	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
slipped	v.	pass on stealthily
slipped	v.	move easily
slipped	v.	cause to move with a smooth or sliding motion
slipped	v.	pass out of one's memory
slipped	v.	move out of position
slipper	n.	low footwear that can be slipped on and off easily; usually worn indoors
slipper	n.	a person who slips or slides because of loss of traction
slipperiness	n.	a slippery smoothness
slipperiness	n.	the quality of being a slippery rascal
slippery	adj.	causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide
slippery	adj.	not to be trusted; - James Agee
slipping	v.	move stealthily
slipping	v.	insert inconspicuously or quickly or quietly
slipping	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slipping	v.	get worse
slipping	v.	move smoothly and easily
slipping	v.	to make a mistake or be incorrect
slipping	v.	pass on stealthily
slipping	v.	move easily
slipping	v.	cause to move with a smooth or sliding motion
slipping	v.	pass out of one's memory
slipping	v.	move out of position
slipping	adj.	moving as on a slippery surface
slippy	adj.	causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide
slipshod	adj.	marked by great carelessness
slipstream	n.	the flow of air that is driven backwards by an aircraft propeller
slipway	n.	structure consisting of a sloping way down to the water from the place where ships are built or repaired
slit	n.	a long narrow opening
slit	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
slit	n.	a depression scratched or carved into a surface
slit	n.	a narrow fissure
slit	v.	make a clean cut through
slit	v.	cut a slit into
slither	v.	to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly
slithery	adj.	having a slippery surface or quality
slitting	v.	make a clean cut through
slitting	v.	cut a slit into
sliver	n.	a small thin sharp bit or wood or glass or metal
sliver	n.	a thin fragment or slice (especially of wood) that has been shaved from something
sliver	v.	divide into slivers or splinters
sliver	v.	break up into splinters or slivers
sliver	v.	form into slivers
slob	n.	a coarse obnoxious person
slobber	n.	saliva spilling from the mouth
slobber	v.	let saliva drivel from the mouth
sloe	n.	wild plum of northeastern United States having dark purple fruits with yellow flesh
sloe	n.	a thorny Eurasian bush with plumlike fruits
sloe	n.	small sour dark purple fruit of especially the Allegheny plum bush
slog	v.	work doggedly or persistently
slog	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
slog	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
slogan	n.	a favorite saying of a sect or political group
sloganeering	n.	persuasion by means of empty slogans
sloganeering	v.	coin new slogans
slogged	v.	work doggedly or persistently
slogged	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
slogged	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
slogging	v.	work doggedly or persistently
slogging	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
slogging	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
sloop	n.	a sailing vessel with a single mast set about one third of the boat's length aft of the bow
slop	n.	wet feed (especially for pigs) consisting of mostly kitchen waste mixed with water or skimmed or sour milk
slop	n.	deep soft mud in water or slush
slop	n.	(usually plural) waste water from a kitchen or bathroom or chamber pot that has to be emptied by hand
slop	n.	(usually plural) weak or watery unappetizing food or drink
slop	n.	writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental
slop	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
slop	v.	walk through mud or mire
slop	v.	ladle clumsily
slop	v.	feed pigs
slope	n.	an elevated geological formation
slope	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the horizontal
slope	v.	be at an angle
slopped	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
slopped	v.	walk through mud or mire
slopped	v.	ladle clumsily
slopped	v.	feed pigs
slopped	adj.	very drunk
sloppily	adv.	in a sloppy manner
sloppiness	n.	the wetness of ground that is covered or soaked with water
sloppiness	n.	a lack of order and tidiness; not cared for
sloppiness	n.	the quality of not being careful or taking pains
sloppiness	n.	falsely emotional in a maudlin way
slopping	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
slopping	v.	walk through mud or mire
slopping	v.	ladle clumsily
slopping	v.	feed pigs
sloppy	adj.	lacking neatness or order
sloppy	adj.	wet or smeared with a spilled liquid or moist material
sloppy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
sloppy	adj.	not fitting closely; hanging loosely
sloppy	adj.	excessively or abnormally emotional
sloppy	adj.	marked by great carelessness
slops	n.	wet feed (especially for pigs) consisting of mostly kitchen waste mixed with water or skimmed or sour milk
slops	n.	cheap clothing (as formerly issued to sailors in Britain)
slops	n.	deep soft mud in water or slush
slops	n.	(usually plural) waste water from a kitchen or bathroom or chamber pot that has to be emptied by hand
slops	n.	(usually plural) weak or watery unappetizing food or drink
slops	n.	writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental
slops	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
slops	v.	walk through mud or mire
slops	v.	ladle clumsily
slops	v.	feed pigs
slosh	v.	make a splashing sound
slosh	v.	walk through mud or mire
slosh	v.	spill or splash copiously or clumsily
slot	n.	a position in a grammatical linguistic construction in which a variety of alternative units are interchangeable
slot	n.	a small slit (as for inserting a coin or depositing mail)
slot	n.	a time assigned on a schedule or agenda
slot	n.	a position in a hierarchy or organization
slot	n.	the trail of an animal (especially a deer)
slot	n.	(computer) a socket in a microcomputer that will accept a plug-in circuit board
slot	n.	a slot machine that is used for gambling
slot	v.	assign a time slot
sloth	n.	a disinclination to work or exert yourself
sloth	n.	any of several slow-moving arboreal mammals of South America and Central America; they hang from branches back downward and feed on leaves and fruits
sloth	n.	apathy and inactivity in the practice of virtue (personified as one of the deadly sins)
slothful	adj.	disinclined to work or exertion
slothfulness	n.	a disinclination to work or exert yourself
sloths	n.	a disinclination to work or exert yourself
sloths	n.	any of several slow-moving arboreal mammals of South America and Central America; they hang from branches back downward and feed on leaves and fruits
sloths	n.	apathy and inactivity in the practice of virtue (personified as one of the deadly sins)
slotted	v.	assign a time slot
slotting	v.	assign a time slot
slouch	n.	an incompetent person; usually used in negative constructions
slouch	n.	a stooping carriage in standing and walking
slouch	v.	assume a drooping posture or carriage
slouch	v.	walk slovenly
sloucher	n.	a person who slouches; someone with a drooping carriage
slouchy	adj.	lacking stiffness in form or posture
slough	n.	necrotic tissue; a mortified or gangrenous part or mass
slough	n.	a hollow filled with mud
slough	n.	a stagnant swamp (especially as part of a bayou)
slough	n.	any outer covering that can be shed or cast off (such as the cast-off skin of a snake)
slough	v.	cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers
sloughs	n.	necrotic tissue; a mortified or gangrenous part or mass
sloughs	n.	a hollow filled with mud
sloughs	n.	a stagnant swamp (especially as part of a bayou)
sloughs	n.	any outer covering that can be shed or cast off (such as the cast-off skin of a snake)
sloughs	v.	cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers
slovak	n.	a native or inhabitant of Slovakia
slovak	n.	the Slavic language spoken in Slovakia
slovakia	n.	a landlocked republic in central Europe; separated from the Czech Republic in 1993
slovakian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Slovakia or its people or language
sloven	n.	a coarse obnoxious person
slovene	n.	a native of Slovenia
slovene	n.	the Slavic language of Slovenes
slovenia	n.	a mountainous republic in central Europe; formerly part of the Habsburg monarchy and Yugoslavia; achieved independence in 1991
slovenian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Slovenia
slovenian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Slovenia or its people or language
slovenliness	n.	a lack of order and tidiness; not cared for
slovenliness	n.	habitual uncleanliness
slovenly	adj.	negligent of neatness especially in dress and person; habitually dirty and unkempt
slow	v.	lose velocity; move more slowly
slow	v.	become slow or slower
slow	v.	cause to proceed more slowly
slow	adj.	not moving quickly; taking a comparatively long time
slow	adj.	at a slow tempo
slow	adj.	slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity; ; ; - Thackeray
slow	adj.	(used of timepieces) indicating a time earlier than the correct time
slow	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
slow	adj.	(of business) not active or brisk
slow	adv.	without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly')
slow	adv.	of timepieces
slowcoach	n.	someone who moves slowly
slowdown	n.	the act of slowing down or falling behind
slowness	n.	unskillfulness resulting from a lack of training
slowness	n.	a rate demonstrating an absence of haste or hurry
slowness	n.	lack of normal development of intellectual capacities
slowpoke	n.	someone who moves slowly
sludge	n.	the precipitate produced by sewage treatment
sludge	n.	any thick, viscous matter
slue	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
slue	v.	move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner
slug	n.	a projectile that is fired from a gun
slug	n.	a unit of mass equal to the mass that accelerates at 1 foot/sec/sec when acted upon by a force of 1 pound; approximately 14.5939 kilograms
slug	n.	a counterfeit coin
slug	n.	an idle slothful person
slug	n.	an amount of an alcoholic drink (usually liquor) that is poured or gulped
slug	n.	a strip of type metal used for spacing
slug	n.	any of various terrestrial gastropods having an elongated slimy body and no external shell
slug	n.	(boxing) a blow with the fist
slug	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
slug	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
sluggard	n.	an idle slothful person
slugged	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
slugged	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
slugger	n.	(baseball) a ballplayer who is batting
slugger	n.	a boxer noted for an ability to deliver hard punches
slugging	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
slugging	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
sluggish	adj.	moving slowly
sluggish	adj.	(of business) not active or brisk
sluggish	adj.	slow and apathetic
sluggishness	n.	a state of comatose torpor (as found in sleeping sickness)
sluggishness	n.	the pace of things that move relatively slowly
sluggishness	n.	inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy
sluice	n.	conduit that carries a rapid flow of water controlled by a sluicegate
sluice	v.	pour as if from a sluice
sluice	v.	irrigate with water from a sluice
sluice	v.	transport in or send down a sluice
sluice	v.	draw through a sluice
slum	n.	a district of a city marked by poverty and inferior living conditions
slum	v.	spend time at a lower socio-economic level than one's own, motivated by curiosity or desire for adventure; usage considered condescending and insensitive
slumber	n.	a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world is suspended
slumber	n.	a dormant or quiescent state
slumber	v.	be asleep
slumberous	adj.	quiet and tranquil
slumberous	adj.	inclined to or marked by drowsiness
slummed	v.	spend time at a lower socio-economic level than one's own, motivated by curiosity or desire for adventure; usage considered condescending and insensitive
slumming	v.	spend time at a lower socio-economic level than one's own, motivated by curiosity or desire for adventure; usage considered condescending and insensitive
slummy	adj.	(of housing or residential areas) indicative of poverty
slump	n.	a noticeable deterioration in performance or quality
slump	n.	a long-term economic state characterized by unemployment and low prices and low levels of trade and investment
slump	v.	assume a drooping posture or carriage
slump	v.	fall or sink heavily
slump	v.	fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly
slump	v.	go down in value
slung	v.	hurl as if with a sling
slung	v.	hang loosely or freely; let swing
slung	v.	move with a sling
slung	v.	hold or carry in a sling
slunk	v.	walk stealthily
slur	n.	(music) a curved line spanning notes that are to be played legato
slur	n.	a disparaging remark
slur	n.	a blemish made by dirt
slur	v.	play smoothly or legato
slur	v.	speak disparagingly of; e.g., make a racial slur
slur	v.	utter indistinctly
slur	v.	become vague or indistinct
slurp	v.	eat noisily
slurred	v.	play smoothly or legato
slurred	v.	speak disparagingly of; e.g., make a racial slur
slurred	v.	utter indistinctly
slurred	v.	become vague or indistinct
slurred	adj.	spoken as if with a thick tongue
slurring	v.	play smoothly or legato
slurring	v.	speak disparagingly of; e.g., make a racial slur
slurring	v.	utter indistinctly
slurring	v.	become vague or indistinct
slurry	n.	a suspension of insoluble particles (as plaster of Paris or lime or clay etc.) usually in water
slush	n.	partially melted snow
slush	v.	make a splashing sound
slush	v.	spill or splash copiously or clumsily
slushy	adj.	being or resembling melting snow
slushy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
slut	n.	a dirty untidy woman
slut	n.	a woman adulterer
sluttish	adj.	characteristic of or befitting a slut or slattern; used especially of women
sluttish	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
sly	adj.	marked by skill in deception
slyness	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
sm	n.	a grey lustrous metallic element of the rare earth group; is used in special alloys; occurs in monazite and bastnasite
sm	n.	a master's degree in science
smack	n.	a blow from a flat object (as an open hand)
smack	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
smack	n.	a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sailing along the coast
smack	n.	street names for heroin
smack	n.	an enthusiastic kiss
smack	n.	the act of smacking something; a blow delivered with an open hand
smack	v.	deliver a hard blow to
smack	v.	have an element suggestive (of something)
smack	v.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste
smack	v.	kiss lightly
smack	v.	press (the lips) together and open (the lips) noisily, as in eating
smack	adv.	directly
smacker	n.	a loud kiss
smacker	n.	a very powerful blow with the fist
small	n.	the slender part of the back
small	n.	a garment size for a small person
small	adj.	limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent
small	adj.	limited in size or scope
small	adj.	(of children and animals) young, immature
small	adj.	slight or limited; especially in degree or intensity or scope
small	adj.	low or inferior in station or quality
small	adj.	lowercase
small	adj.	(of a voice) faint
small	adj.	have fine or very small constituent particles
small	adj.	not large but sufficient in size or amount
small	adj.	made to seem smaller or less (especially in worth)
small	adv.	on a small scale
smallholder	n.	a person owning or renting a smallholding
smallholding	n.	a piece of land under 50 acres that is sold or let to someone for cultivation
smallish	adj.	rather small
smallness	n.	the property of having a relatively small size
smallness	n.	the property of being a relatively small amount
smallness	n.	the property of having relatively little strength or vigor
smallness	n.	lack of generosity in trifling matters
smallpox	n.	a highly contagious viral disease characterized by fever and weakness and skin eruption with pustules that form scabs that slough off leaving scars
smarmy	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
smart	n.	a kind of pain such as that caused by a wound or a burn or a sore
smart	v.	be the source of pain
smart	adj.	showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness
smart	adj.	elegant and stylish
smart	adj.	characterized by quickness and ease in learning
smart	adj.	improperly forward or bold
smart	adj.	painfully severe
smart	adj.	quick and brisk
smart	adj.	capable of independent and apparently intelligent action
smartness	n.	a kind of pain such as that caused by a wound or a burn or a sore
smartness	n.	intelligence as manifested in being quick and witty
smartness	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
smartness	n.	liveliness and eagerness
smarts	n.	a kind of pain such as that caused by a wound or a burn or a sore
smarts	v.	be the source of pain
smash	n.	a vigorous blow
smash	n.	a serious collision (especially of motor vehicles)
smash	n.	a hard return hitting the tennis ball above your head
smash	n.	the act of colliding with something
smash	n.	a conspicuous success
smash	v.	hit hard
smash	v.	break into pieces, as by striking or knocking over
smash	v.	reduce to bankruptcy
smash	v.	hit violently
smash	v.	humiliate or depress completely
smash	v.	damage or destroy as if by violence
smash	v.	hit (a tennis ball) in a powerful overhead stroke
smash	v.	collide or strike violently and suddenly
smash	v.	overthrow or destroy (something considered evil or harmful)
smash	v.	break suddenly into pieces, as from a violent blow
smash	adv.	with a loud crash
smasher	n.	a person who smashes something
smasher	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
smasher	n.	a conspicuous success
smattering	n.	a small number or amount
smattering	n.	a slight or superficial understanding of a subject
smattering	v.	work with in an amateurish manner
smattering	v.	to talk foolishly
smattering	v.	speak with spotty or superficial knowledge
smear	n.	slanderous defamation
smear	n.	a thin tissue or blood sample spread on a glass slide and stained for cytologic examination and diagnosis under a microscope
smear	n.	a blemish made by dirt
smear	n.	an act that brings discredit to the person who does it
smear	v.	stain by smearing or daubing with a dirty substance
smear	v.	make a smudge on; soil by smudging
smear	v.	cover (a surface) by smearing (a substance) over it
smear	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
smell	n.	the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form
smell	n.	any property detected by the olfactory system
smell	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
smell	n.	the faculty that enables us to distinguish scents
smell	n.	the act of perceiving the odor of something
smell	v.	inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense
smell	v.	emit an odor
smell	v.	smell bad
smell	v.	have an element suggestive (of something)
smell	v.	become aware of not through the senses but instinctively
smelly	adj.	offensively malodorous
smelt	n.	small cold-water silvery fish; migrate between salt and fresh water
smelt	n.	small trout-like silvery marine or freshwater food fishes of cold northern waters
smelt	v.	extract (metals) by heating
smelt	v.	inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense
smelt	v.	emit an odor
smelt	v.	smell bad
smelt	v.	have an element suggestive (of something)
smelt	v.	become aware of not through the senses but instinctively
smelter	n.	an industrial plant for smelting
smetana	n.	Czech composer (1824-1884)
smidgen	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
smilax	n.	sometimes placed in Smilacaceae
smilax	n.	fragile twining plant of South Africa with bright green flattened stems and glossy foliage popular as a floral decoration
smile	n.	a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement
smile	v.	change one's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure
smile	v.	express with a smile
smiley	n.	an emoticon of a smiling face
smiling	n.	a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement
smiling	v.	change one's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure
smiling	v.	express with a smile
smiling	adj.	smiling with happiness or optimism; - Lewis Carroll
smirch	n.	a blemish made by dirt
smirch	n.	an act that brings discredit to the person who does it
smirch	v.	smear so as to make dirty or stained
smirch	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
smirk	n.	a smile expressing smugness or scorn instead of pleasure
smirk	v.	smile affectedly or derisively
smite	v.	inflict a heavy blow on, with the hand, a tool, or a weapon
smite	v.	affect suddenly with deep feeling
smite	v.	cause physical pain or suffering in
smith	n.	Rhodesian statesman who declared independence of Zimbabwe from Great Britain (born in 1919)
smith	n.	United States sculptor (1906-1965)
smith	n.	United States singer noted for her rendition of patriotic songs (1909-1986)
smith	n.	United States suffragist who refused to pay taxes until she could vote (1792-1886)
smith	n.	United States blues singer (1894-1937)
smith	n.	religious leader who founded the Mormon Church in 1830 (1805-1844)
smith	n.	English explorer who helped found the colony at Jamestown, Virginia; was said to have been saved by Pocahontas (1580-1631)
smith	n.	Scottish economist who advocated private enterprise and free trade (1723-1790)
smith	n.	someone who works at something specified
smith	n.	someone who works metal (especially by hammering it when it is hot and malleable)
smithereens	n.	a collection of small fragments considered as a whole
smiths	n.	Rhodesian statesman who declared independence of Zimbabwe from Great Britain (born in 1919)
smiths	n.	United States sculptor (1906-1965)
smiths	n.	United States singer noted for her rendition of patriotic songs (1909-1986)
smiths	n.	United States suffragist who refused to pay taxes until she could vote (1792-1886)
smiths	n.	United States blues singer (1894-1937)
smiths	n.	religious leader who founded the Mormon Church in 1830 (1805-1844)
smiths	n.	English explorer who helped found the colony at Jamestown, Virginia; was said to have been saved by Pocahontas (1580-1631)
smiths	n.	Scottish economist who advocated private enterprise and free trade (1723-1790)
smiths	n.	someone who works at something specified
smiths	n.	someone who works metal (especially by hammering it when it is hot and malleable)
smithy	n.	a workplace where metal is worked by heating and hammering
smitten	v.	inflict a heavy blow on, with the hand, a tool, or a weapon
smitten	v.	affect suddenly with deep feeling
smitten	v.	cause physical pain or suffering in
smitten	adj.	(used in combination) affected by something overwhelming
smitten	adj.	marked by foolish or unreasoning fondness
smock	n.	a loose coverall (coat or frock) reaching down to the ankles
smock	v.	embellish by sewing in straight lines crossing each other diagonally
smocking	n.	embroidery consisting of ornamental needlework on a garment that is made by gathering the cloth tightly in stitches
smocking	v.	embellish by sewing in straight lines crossing each other diagonally
smog	n.	air pollution by a mixture of smoke and fog
smoggy	adj.	clouded with a mixture of smoke and fog
smoke	n.	a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas
smoke	n.	a hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon being produced by combustion
smoke	n.	an indication of some hidden activity
smoke	n.	something with no concrete substance
smoke	n.	tobacco leaves that have been made into a cylinder
smoke	n.	street names for marijuana
smoke	n.	the act of smoking tobacco or other substances
smoke	n.	(baseball) a pitch thrown with maximum velocity
smoke	v.	inhale and exhale smoke from cigarettes, cigars, pipes
smoke	v.	emit a cloud of fine particles
smokehouse	n.	a small house where smoke is used to cure meat or fish
smokeless	adj.	emitting or containing little or no smoke
smoker	n.	a person who smokes tobacco
smoker	n.	a party for men only (or one considered suitable for men only)
smoker	n.	a passenger car for passengers who wish to smoke
smokescreen	n.	(military) screen consisting of a cloud of smoke that obscures movements
smokescreen	n.	an action intended to conceal or confuse or obscure
smokestack	n.	a large tall chimney through which combustion gases and smoke can be evacuated
smoking	n.	the act of smoking tobacco or other substances
smoking	n.	a hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon being produced by combustion
smoking	v.	inhale and exhale smoke from cigarettes, cigars, pipes
smoking	v.	emit a cloud of fine particles
smoking	adj.	emitting smoke in great volume
smoky	adj.	marked by or emitting or filled with smoke
smoky	adj.	tasting of smoke
smolder	n.	a fire that burns with thick smoke but no flame
smolder	v.	burn slowly and without a flame
smolder	v.	have strong suppressed feelings
smolensk	n.	a city in western Russia on the Dnieper River; scene of severe fighting in World War II
smollett	n.	Scottish writer of adventure novels (1721-1771)
smooch	n.	an enthusiastic kiss
smooch	v.	snuggle and lie in a position where one person faces the back of the others
smooth	n.	the act of smoothing
smooth	v.	make smooth or smoother, as if by rubbing
smooth	v.	make (a surface) shine
smooth	v.	free from obstructions
smooth	adj.	having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities
smooth	adj.	smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication
smooth	adj.	of the margin of a leaf shape; not broken up into teeth
smooth	adj.	smooth and unconstrained in movement
smooth	adj.	(music) without breaks between notes; smooth and connected
smooth	adj.	of motion that runs or flows or proceeds without jolts or turbulence
smooth	adj.	lacking obstructions or difficulties
smooth	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
smoothie	n.	someone with an assured and ingratiating manner
smoothie	n.	a thick smooth drink consisting of fresh fruit pureed with ice cream or yoghurt or milk
smoothness	n.	a texture without roughness; smooth to the touch
smoothness	n.	powerful and effective language
smoothness	n.	the quality of being bland and gracious or ingratiating in manner
smoothness	n.	the quality of having a level and even surface
smoothness	n.	the quality of being free from errors or interruptions
smooths	n.	the act of smoothing
smooths	v.	make smooth or smoother, as if by rubbing
smooths	v.	make (a surface) shine
smooths	v.	free from obstructions
smorgasbord	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
smorgasbord	n.	an assortment of foods starting with herring or smoked eel or salmon etc with bread and butter; then cheeses and eggs and pickled vegetables and aspics; finally hot foods; served as a buffet meal
smote	v.	inflict a heavy blow on, with the hand, a tool, or a weapon
smote	v.	affect suddenly with deep feeling
smote	v.	cause physical pain or suffering in
smother	n.	a confused multitude of things
smother	n.	a stifling cloud of smoke
smother	v.	envelop completely
smother	v.	deprive of oxygen and prevent from breathing
smother	v.	conceal or hide
smother	v.	form an impenetrable cover over
smother	v.	deprive of the oxygen necessary for combustion
smudge	n.	a smoky fire to drive away insects
smudge	n.	a blemish made by dirt
smudge	v.	make a smudge on; soil by smudging
smudgy	adj.	smeared with something that soils or stains; these words are often used in combination; ; - Henry Roth
smug	adj.	marked by excessive complacency or self-satisfaction
smugger	adj.	marked by excessive complacency or self-satisfaction
smuggest	adj.	marked by excessive complacency or self-satisfaction
smuggle	v.	import or export without paying customs duties
smuggler	n.	someone who imports or exports without paying duties
smuggling	n.	secretly importing prohibited goods or goods on which duty is due
smuggling	v.	import or export without paying customs duties
smugness	n.	an excessive feeling of self-satisfaction
smut	n.	a black colloidal substance consisting wholly or principally of amorphous carbon and used to make pigments and ink
smut	n.	destructive diseases of plants (especially cereal grasses) caused by fungi that produce black powdery masses of spores
smut	n.	any fungus of the order Ustilaginales
smut	n.	an offensive or indecent word or phrase
smut	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
smut	v.	make obscene
smut	v.	stain with a dirty substance, such as soot
smut	v.	become affected with smut
smut	v.	affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn
smuts	n.	South African statesman and soldier (1870-1950)
smuts	n.	a black colloidal substance consisting wholly or principally of amorphous carbon and used to make pigments and ink
smuts	n.	destructive diseases of plants (especially cereal grasses) caused by fungi that produce black powdery masses of spores
smuts	n.	any fungus of the order Ustilaginales
smuts	n.	an offensive or indecent word or phrase
smuts	n.	creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.) of no literary or artistic value other than to stimulate sexual desire
smuts	v.	make obscene
smuts	v.	stain with a dirty substance, such as soot
smuts	v.	become affected with smut
smuts	v.	affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn
smuttiness	n.	the state of being dirty with soot
smuttiness	n.	obscenity in speech or writing
smutty	adj.	characterized by obscenity
smutty	adj.	soiled with dirt or soot
smyrna	n.	a port city in western Turkey
sn	n.	a silvery malleable metallic element that resists corrosion; used in many alloys and to coat other metals to prevent corrosion; obtained chiefly from cassiterite where it occurs as tin oxide
snack	n.	a light informal meal
snack	v.	eat a snack; eat lightly
snaffle	n.	a simple jointed bit for a horse; without a curb
snaffle	v.	get hold of or seize quickly and easily
snaffle	v.	fit or restrain with a snaffle
snafu	n.	an acronym often used by soldiers in World War II: situation normal all fucked up
snafu	v.	cause to be in a state of complete confusion
snafu	adj.	snarled or stalled in complete confusion
snag	n.	a sharp protuberance
snag	n.	a dead tree that is still standing, usually in an undisturbed forest
snag	n.	an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart
snag	n.	an unforeseen obstacle
snag	v.	catch on a snag
snag	v.	get by acting quickly and smartly
snag	v.	hew jaggedly
snagged	v.	catch on a snag
snagged	v.	get by acting quickly and smartly
snagged	v.	hew jaggedly
snagging	v.	catch on a snag
snagging	v.	get by acting quickly and smartly
snagging	v.	hew jaggedly
snail	n.	freshwater or marine or terrestrial gastropod mollusk usually having an external enclosing spiral shell
snail	n.	edible terrestrial snail usually served in the shell with a sauce of melted butter and garlic
snail	v.	gather snails
snake	n.	limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous
snake	n.	a deceitful or treacherous person
snake	n.	a tributary of the Columbia River that rises in Wyoming and flows westward; discovered in 1805 by the Lewis and Clark Expedition
snake	n.	a long faint constellation in the southern hemisphere near the equator stretching between Virgo and Cancer
snake	n.	something long, thin, and flexible that resembles a snake
snake	v.	move smoothly and sinuously, like a snake
snake	v.	form a snake-like pattern
snake	v.	move along a winding path
snakebite	n.	a bite inflicted by a (venomous) snake
snakelike	adj.	resembling a serpent in form
snaky	adj.	resembling a serpent in form
snap	n.	the act of catching an object with the hands
snap	n.	a spell of cold weather
snap	n.	tender green beans without strings that easily snap into sections
snap	n.	a crisp round cookie flavored with ginger
snap	n.	the noise produced by the rapid movement of a finger from the tip to the base of the thumb on the same hand
snap	n.	a sudden sharp noise
snap	n.	a sudden breaking
snap	n.	the tendency of a body to return to its original shape after it has been stretched or compressed
snap	n.	an informal photograph; usually made with a small hand-held camera
snap	n.	a fastener used on clothing; fastens with a snapping sound
snap	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
snap	n.	the act of snapping the fingers; movement of a finger from the tip to the base of the thumb on the same hand
snap	n.	(American football) putting the ball in play by passing it (between the legs) to a back
snap	v.	utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone
snap	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
snap	v.	break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension
snap	v.	move or strike with a noise
snap	v.	close with a snapping motion
snap	v.	make a sharp sound
snap	v.	move with a snapping sound
snap	v.	to grasp hastily or eagerly
snap	v.	put in play with a snap
snap	v.	cause to make a snapping sound
snap	v.	lose control of one's emotions
snap	v.	bring the jaws together
snap	v.	record on photographic film
snapdragon	n.	a garden plant of the genus Antirrhinum having showy white or yellow or crimson flowers resembling the face of a dragon
snapped	v.	utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone
snapped	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
snapped	v.	break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension
snapped	v.	move or strike with a noise
snapped	v.	close with a snapping motion
snapped	v.	make a sharp sound
snapped	v.	move with a snapping sound
snapped	v.	to grasp hastily or eagerly
snapped	v.	put in play with a snap
snapped	v.	cause to make a snapping sound
snapped	v.	lose control of one's emotions
snapped	v.	bring the jaws together
snapped	v.	record on photographic film
snapper	n.	(football) the person who plays center on the line of scrimmage and snaps the ball to the quarterback
snapper	n.	flesh of any of various important food fishes of warm seas
snapper	n.	a party favor consisting of a paper roll (usually containing candy or a small favor) that pops when pulled at both ends
snapper	n.	Australian food fish having a pinkish body with blue spots
snapper	n.	any of several large sharp-toothed marine food and sport fishes of the family Lutjanidae of mainly tropical coastal waters
snapper	n.	large-headed turtle with powerful hooked jaws found in or near water; prone to bite
snapping	v.	utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone
snapping	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
snapping	v.	break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension
snapping	v.	move or strike with a noise
snapping	v.	close with a snapping motion
snapping	v.	make a sharp sound
snapping	v.	move with a snapping sound
snapping	v.	to grasp hastily or eagerly
snapping	v.	put in play with a snap
snapping	v.	cause to make a snapping sound
snapping	v.	lose control of one's emotions
snapping	v.	bring the jaws together
snapping	v.	record on photographic film
snappish	adj.	apt to speak irritably
snappishness	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
snappy	adj.	apt to speak irritably
snappy	adj.	smart and fashionable
snappy	adj.	pleasantly cold and invigorating
snappy	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
snappy	adj.	quick and energetic
snapshot	n.	an informal photograph; usually made with a small hand-held camera
snare	n.	something (often something deceptively attractive) that catches you unawares
snare	n.	a small drum with two heads and a snare stretched across the lower head
snare	n.	a surgical instrument consisting of wire hoop that can be drawn tight around the base of polyps or small tumors to sever them; used especially in body cavities
snare	n.	strings stretched across the lower head of a snare drum; they make a rattling sound when the drum is hit
snare	n.	a trap for birds or small mammals; often has a slip noose
snare	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
snare	v.	entice and trap
snarf	v.	make off with belongings of others
snarl	n.	a vicious angry growl
snarl	n.	an angry vicious expression
snarl	n.	something jumbled or confused
snarl	v.	utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone
snarl	v.	make a snarling noise or move with a snarling noise
snarl	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
snarl	v.	make more complicated or confused through entanglements
snarling	v.	utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone
snarling	v.	make a snarling noise or move with a snarling noise
snarling	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
snarling	v.	make more complicated or confused through entanglements
snarly	adj.	tangled in knots or snarls
snatch	n.	a small fragment
snatch	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
snatch	n.	(law) the unlawful act of capturing and carrying away a person against their will and holding them in false imprisonment
snatch	n.	a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted overhead in one rapid motion
snatch	n.	the act of catching an object with the hands
snatch	v.	to grasp hastily or eagerly
snatch	v.	to make grasping motions
snatch	v.	take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom
snatcher	n.	a thief who grabs and runs
snatcher	n.	someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom)
snazzy	adj.	flashily stylish
snead	n.	United States golfer known for the graceful arc of his swing (1912-2002)
sneak	n.	a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible
sneak	n.	someone who prowls or sneaks about; usually with unlawful intentions
sneak	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
sneak	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
sneak	v.	put, bring, or take in a secretive or furtive manner
sneak	v.	make off with belongings of others
sneak	v.	pass on stealthily
sneak	adj.	marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed
sneaker	n.	a canvas shoe with a pliable rubber sole
sneaker	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
sneakily	adv.	in a surreptitious manner
sneakiness	n.	a disposition to be sly and stealthy and to do things surreptitiously
sneaking	v.	to go stealthily or furtively
sneaking	v.	put, bring, or take in a secretive or furtive manner
sneaking	v.	make off with belongings of others
sneaking	v.	pass on stealthily
sneaking	adj.	not openly expressed
sneaky	adj.	marked by deception
sneaky	adj.	marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed
sneer	n.	a facial expression of contempt or scorn; the upper lip curls
sneer	n.	a contemptuous or scornful remark
sneer	v.	express through a scornful smile
sneer	v.	smile contemptuously
sneering	v.	express through a scornful smile
sneering	v.	smile contemptuously
sneering	adj.	expressive of contempt
sneeze	n.	a symptom consisting of the involuntary expulsion of air from the nose
sneeze	v.	exhale spasmodically, as when an irritant entered one's nose
snick	n.	a small cut
snick	n.	a glancing contact with the ball off the edge of the cricket bat
snick	v.	hit a glancing blow with the edge of the bat
snick	v.	cut slightly, with a razor
snicker	n.	a disrespectful laugh
snicker	v.	laugh quietly
snickers	n.	a disrespectful laugh
snickers	v.	laugh quietly
snide	adj.	expressive of contempt
snider	adj.	expressive of contempt
sniff	n.	sensing an odor by inhaling through the nose
sniff	v.	perceive by inhaling through the nose
sniff	v.	inhale audibly through the nose
sniffer	n.	a person who sniffs
sniffle	n.	the act of breathing heavily through the nose (as when the nose is congested)
sniffle	v.	cry or whine with snuffling
sniffle	v.	inhale audibly through the nose
sniffy	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
snifter	n.	a globular glass with a small top; used for serving brandy
snip	n.	a small piece of anything (especially a piece that has been snipped off)
snip	n.	the act of clipping or snipping
snip	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
snip	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
snipe	n.	Old or New World straight-billed game bird of the sandpiper family; of marshy areas; similar to the woodcocks
snipe	n.	a gunshot from a concealed location
snipe	v.	hunt or shoot snipe
snipe	v.	aim and shoot with great precision
snipe	v.	attack in speech or writing
sniper	n.	a marksman who shoots at people from a concealed place
snipped	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
snipped	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
snippet	n.	a small piece of anything (especially a piece that has been snipped off)
snipping	n.	a small piece of anything (especially a piece that has been snipped off)
snipping	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
snipping	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
snips	n.	(plural) hand shears for cutting sheet metal
snips	n.	a small piece of anything (especially a piece that has been snipped off)
snips	n.	the act of clipping or snipping
snips	v.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping
snips	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
snit	n.	a state of agitated irritation
snitch	n.	someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police
snitch	v.	take by theft
snitch	v.	give away information about somebody
snivel	n.	whining in a tearful manner
snivel	n.	the act of breathing heavily through the nose (as when the nose is congested)
snivel	v.	talk in a tearful manner
snivel	v.	snuff up mucus through the nose
snivel	v.	cry or whine with snuffling
sniveler	n.	a person who breathes audibly through a congested nose
snob	n.	a person regarded as arrogant and annoying
snobbery	n.	the trait of condescending to those of lower social status
snobbish	adj.	befitting or characteristic of those who incline to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior
snobbishness	n.	the trait of condescending to those of lower social status
snobby	adj.	befitting or characteristic of those who incline to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior
snog	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
snogged	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
snogging	n.	(British informal) cuddle and kiss
snogging	v.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.
snood	n.	an ornamental net in the shape of a bag that confines a woman's hair; pins or ties at the back of the head
snooker	n.	a form of pool played with 15 red balls and six balls of other colors and a cue ball
snooker	v.	fool or dupe
snooker	v.	leave one's opponent unable to take a direct shot
snoop	n.	a spy who makes uninvited inquiries into the private affairs of others
snoop	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
snooper	n.	a spy who makes uninvited inquiries into the private affairs of others
snoopy	n.	a fictional beagle in a comic strip drawn by Charles Schulz
snoopy	adj.	offensively curious or inquisitive
snoot	n.	a person regarded as arrogant and annoying
snoot	n.	informal terms for the nose
snootily	adv.	in a snobbish manner
snootiness	n.	the quality of being snooty
snooty	adj.	(used colloquially) overly conceited or arrogant; -Laurent Le Sage
snooze	n.	sleeping for a short period of time (usually not in bed)
snooze	v.	sleep lightly or for a short period of time
snore	n.	the rattling noise produced when snoring
snore	n.	the act of snoring or producing a snoring sound
snore	v.	breathe noisily during one's sleep
snorer	n.	someone who snores while sleeping
snorkel	n.	breathing device consisting of a bent tube fitting into a swimmer's mouth and extending above the surface; allows swimmer to breathe while face down in the water
snorkel	n.	air passage provided by a retractable device containing intake and exhaust pipes; permits a submarine to stay submerged for extended periods of time
snorkel	v.	dive with a snorkel
snorkeling	n.	skin diving with a snorkel
snorkeling	v.	dive with a snorkel
snort	n.	a disrespectful laugh
snort	n.	a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt
snort	v.	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose
snort	v.	make a snorting sound by exhaling hard
snort	v.	inhale recreational drugs
snort	v.	inhale through the nose
snorter	n.	someone who expresses contempt or indignation by uttering a snorting sound
snorter	n.	something outstandingly difficult
snorter	n.	something that is extraordinary or remarkable or prominent
snot	n.	a person regarded as arrogant and annoying
snot	n.	nasal mucus
snotty	adj.	(used colloquially) overly conceited or arrogant; -Laurent Le Sage
snotty	adj.	dirty with nasal discharge
snout	n.	a long projecting or anterior elongation of an animal's head; especially the nose
snout	n.	informal terms for the nose
snout	n.	beaklike projection of the anterior part of the head of certain insects such as e.g. weevils
snow	n.	precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals
snow	n.	a layer of snowflakes (white crystals of frozen water) covering the ground
snow	n.	English writer of novels about moral dilemmas in academe (1905-1980)
snow	n.	street names for cocaine
snow	v.	fall as snow
snow	v.	conceal one's true motives from especially by elaborately feigning good intentions so as to gain an end
snowball	n.	plant having heads of fragrant white trumpet-shaped flowers; grows in sandy arid regions
snowball	n.	ball of ice cream covered with coconut and usually chocolate sauce
snowball	n.	ball of crushed ice with fruit syrup
snowball	n.	snow pressed into a ball for throwing (playfully)
snowball	v.	increase or accumulate at a rapidly accelerating rate
snowball	v.	throw snowballs at
snowbank	n.	a mound or heap of snow
snowbird	n.	medium-sized Eurasian thrush seen chiefly in winter
snowbird	n.	white Arctic bunting
snowbird	n.	small North American finch seen chiefly in winter
snowboard	n.	a board that resembles a broad ski or a small surfboard; used in a standing position to slide down snow-covered slopes
snowboard	v.	glide down a snow-covered slope while standing on a board
snowboarder	n.	someone who slides down snow-covered slopes while standing on a snowboard
snowboarding	n.	the act of sliding down a snow-covered slope while standing on a snowboard
snowboarding	v.	glide down a snow-covered slope while standing on a board
snowbound	adj.	confined or shut in by heavy snow
snowdrift	n.	a mass of snow heaped up by the wind
snowdrop	n.	common anemone of eastern North America with solitary pink-tinged white flowers
snowfall	n.	precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals
snowfield	n.	a permanent wide expanse of snow
snowflake	n.	a crystal of snow
snowflake	n.	white Arctic bunting
snowman	n.	a figure of a person made of packed snow
snowmen	n.	a figure of a person made of packed snow
snowmobile	n.	tracked vehicle for travel on snow having skis in front
snowmobile	v.	ride a snowmobile
snowplow	n.	a vehicle used to push snow from roads
snowshoe	n.	a device to help you walk on deep snow; a lightweight frame shaped like a racquet is strengthened with cross pieces and contains a network of thongs; one is worn on each foot
snowshoe	v.	travel on snowshoes
snowshoeing	v.	travel on snowshoes
snowstorm	n.	a storm with widespread snowfall accompanied by strong winds
snowsuit	n.	a child's overgarment for cold weather
snowy	adj.	marked by the presence of snow
snowy	adj.	covered with snow
snowy	adj.	of the white color of snow
snub	n.	an instance of driving away or warding off
snub	n.	a refusal to recognize someone you know
snub	v.	refuse to acknowledge
snub	v.	reject outright and bluntly
snub	adj.	unusually short
snubbed	v.	refuse to acknowledge
snubbed	v.	reject outright and bluntly
snubbing	v.	refuse to acknowledge
snubbing	v.	reject outright and bluntly
snuff	n.	the charred portion of a candlewick
snuff	n.	a pinch of smokeless tobacco inhaled at a single time
snuff	n.	finely powdered tobacco for sniffing up the nose
snuff	n.	sensing an odor by inhaling through the nose
snuff	v.	sniff or smell inquiringly
snuff	v.	inhale audibly through the nose
snuff	adj.	snuff colored; of a greyish to yellowish brown
snuffbox	n.	a small ornamental box for carrying snuff in your pocket
snuffer	n.	a cone-shaped implement with a handle; for extinguishing candles
snuffer	n.	a person who snuffs out candles
snuffer	n.	a person who uses snuff
snuffle	n.	the act of breathing heavily through the nose (as when the nose is congested)
snuffle	v.	sniff or smell inquiringly
snuffle	v.	snuff up mucus through the nose
snuffle	v.	cry or whine with snuffling
snug	n.	a small secluded room
snug	adj.	offering safety; well protected or concealed
snug	adj.	fitting closely but comfortably
snug	adj.	well and tightly constructed
snug	adj.	enjoying or affording comforting warmth and shelter especially in a small space
snugger	adj.	offering safety; well protected or concealed
snugger	adj.	fitting closely but comfortably
snugger	adj.	well and tightly constructed
snugger	adj.	enjoying or affording comforting warmth and shelter especially in a small space
snuggest	adj.	offering safety; well protected or concealed
snuggest	adj.	fitting closely but comfortably
snuggest	adj.	well and tightly constructed
snuggest	adj.	enjoying or affording comforting warmth and shelter especially in a small space
snuggle	n.	a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace
snuggle	v.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position
snuggle	v.	position comfortably
snugness	n.	a state of warm snug comfort
so	n.	the syllable naming the fifth (dominant) note of any musical scale in solmization
so	adv.	to a very great extent or degree
so	adv.	in a manner that facilitates
so	adv.	in such a condition or manner, especially as expressed or implied
so	adv.	to a certain unspecified extent or degree
so	adv.	in the same way; also
so	adv.	in the way indicated; ; ; (`thusly' is a nonstandard variant)
so	adv.	(usually followed by `that') to an extent or degree as expressed
so	adv.	subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)
so	adv.	(used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
so	adv.	in truth (often tends to intensify)
soak	n.	the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being immersed in water (or other liquid)
soak	n.	washing something by allowing it to soak
soak	v.	submerge in a liquid
soak	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
soak	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
soak	v.	leave as a guarantee in return for money
soak	v.	beat severely
soak	v.	make drunk (with alcoholic drinks)
soak	v.	become drunk or drink excessively
soak	v.	fill, soak, or imbue totally
soak	v.	heat a metal prior to working it
soaking	n.	the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being immersed in water (or other liquid)
soaking	n.	the act of making something completely wet
soaking	n.	washing something by allowing it to soak
soaking	v.	submerge in a liquid
soaking	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
soaking	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
soaking	v.	leave as a guarantee in return for money
soaking	v.	beat severely
soaking	v.	make drunk (with alcoholic drinks)
soaking	v.	become drunk or drink excessively
soaking	v.	fill, soak, or imbue totally
soaking	v.	heat a metal prior to working it
soaking	adv.	extremely wet
soap	n.	a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats
soap	n.	money offered as a bribe
soap	n.	street names for gamma hydroxybutyrate
soap	v.	rub soap all over, usually with the purpose of cleaning
soapbox	n.	a crate for packing soap
soapbox	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
soapiness	n.	the quality of being soap or being covered with soap
soapstone	n.	a soft heavy compact variety of talc having a soapy feel; used to make hearths and tabletops and ornaments
soapsuds	n.	the froth produced by soaps or detergents
soapy	adj.	resembling or having the qualities of soap
soapy	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
soar	n.	the act of rising upward into the air
soar	v.	rise rapidly
soar	v.	fly by means of a hang glider
soar	v.	fly upwards or high in the sky
soar	v.	go or move upward
soar	v.	fly a plane without an engine
soave	n.	dry white Italian wine from Verona
sob	n.	a dyspneic condition
sob	n.	insulting terms of address for people who are stupid or irritating or ridiculous
sob	n.	convulsive gasp made while weeping
sob	v.	weep convulsively
sobbed	v.	weep convulsively
sobbing	n.	convulsive gasp made while weeping
sobbing	v.	weep convulsively
sober	v.	cause to become sober
sober	v.	become more realistic
sober	v.	become sober after excessive alcohol consumption
sober	adj.	not affected by a chemical substance (especially alcohol)
sober	adj.	dignified and somber in manner or character and committed to keeping promises
sober	adj.	lacking brightness or color; dull
sober	adj.	completely lacking in playfulness
soberness	n.	the state of being sober and not intoxicated by alcohol
soberness	n.	a manner that is serious and solemn
sobriety	n.	the state of being sober and not intoxicated by alcohol
sobriety	n.	moderation in or abstinence from alcohol or other drugs
sobriety	n.	a manner that is serious and solemn
sobriety	n.	abstaining from excess
sobriquet	n.	a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given name)
soccer	n.	a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball into the opponents' goal
sociability	n.	the relative tendency or disposition to be sociable or associate with one's fellows
sociable	n.	a party of people assembled to promote sociability and communal activity
sociable	adj.	inclined to or conducive to companionship with others
sociable	adj.	friendly and pleasant
sociably	adv.	in a gregarious manner
sociably	adv.	in a sociable manner
social	n.	a party of people assembled to promote sociability and communal activity
social	adj.	relating to human society and its members
social	adj.	living together or enjoying life in communities or organized groups
social	adj.	relating to or belonging to or characteristic of high society
social	adj.	composed of sociable people or formed for the purpose of sociability
social	adj.	tending to move or live together in groups or colonies of the same kind
social	adj.	marked by friendly companionship with others
socialism	n.	a political theory advocating state ownership of industry
socialism	n.	an economic system based on state ownership of capital
socialist	n.	a political advocate of socialism
socialist	adj.	advocating or following the socialist principles
socialistic	adj.	advocating or following the socialist principles
socialite	n.	a socially prominent person
socialization	n.	the action of establishing on a socialist basis
socialization	n.	the act of meeting for social purposes
socialization	n.	the adoption of the behavior patterns of the surrounding culture
socialize	v.	take part in social activities; interact with others
socialize	v.	train for a social environment
socialize	v.	prepare for social life
socialize	v.	make conform to socialist ideas and philosophies
societal	adj.	relating to human society and its members
society	n.	an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and economic organization
society	n.	a formal association of people with similar interests
society	n.	the state of being with someone
society	n.	the fashionable elite
socioeconomic	adj.	involving social as well as economic factors
socioeconomically	adv.	with respect to socioeconomic factors
sociological	adj.	of or relating to or determined by sociology
sociologist	n.	a social scientist who studies the institutions and development of human society
sociology	n.	the study and classification of human societies
sociopath	n.	someone with a sociopathic personality; a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' was once widely used but has now been superseded by `sociopath')
sociopaths	n.	someone with a sociopathic personality; a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' was once widely used but has now been superseded by `sociopath')
sock	n.	hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; reaches to between the ankle and the knee
sock	n.	a truncated cloth cone mounted on a mast; used (e.g., at airports) to show the direction of the wind
sock	v.	hit hard
socket	n.	a bony hollow into which a structure fits
socket	n.	receptacle where something (a pipe or probe or end of a bone) is inserted
socket	n.	a receptacle into which an electric device can be inserted
sockeye	n.	fatty red flesh of salmon of Pacific coast and rivers
sockeye	n.	small salmon with red flesh; found in rivers and tributaries of the northern Pacific and valued as food; adults die after spawning
socrates	n.	ancient Athenian philosopher; teacher of Plato and Xenophon (470-399 BC)
socratic	adj.	of or relating to Socrates or to his method of teaching
sod	n.	surface layer of ground containing a mat of grass and grass roots
sod	n.	an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of superoxide into hydrogen peroxide and oxygen
sod	n.	someone who engages in anal copulation (especially a male who engages in anal copulation with another male)
sod	n.	an informal British term for a youth or man
sod	v.	cover with sod
soda	n.	a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and paper
soda	n.	a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring
sodded	v.	cover with sod
sodden	adj.	wet through and through; thoroughly wet
sodding	v.	cover with sod
sodding	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
soddy	n.	a house built of sod or adobe laid in horizontal courses
soddy	n.	English chemist whose work on radioactive disintegration led to the discovery of isotopes (1877-1956)
sodium	n.	a silvery soft waxy metallic element of the alkali metal group; occurs abundantly in natural compounds (especially in salt water); burns with a yellow flame and reacts violently in water; occurs in sea water and in the mineral halite (rock salt)
sodom	n.	any location known for vice and corruption
sodom	n.	(Old Testament) an ancient city near the Dead Sea that (along with Gomorrah) was destroyed by God for the wickedness of its inhabitants
sodomite	n.	someone who engages in anal copulation (especially a male who engages in anal copulation with another male)
sodomize	v.	copulate with an animal
sodomize	v.	practice anal sex upon
sodomy	n.	intercourse via the anus, committed by a man with a man or woman
sofa	n.	an upholstered seat for more than one person
sofia	n.	capital and largest city of Bulgaria located in western Bulgaria
soft	adj.	yielding readily to pressure or weight
soft	adj.	compassionate and kind; conciliatory
soft	adj.	(of sound) relatively low in volume
soft	adj.	easily hurt
soft	adj.	produced with vibration of the vocal cords
soft	adj.	not protected against attack (especially by nuclear weapons)
soft	adj.	used chiefly as a direction or description in music
soft	adj.	(of light) transmitted from a broad light source or reflected
soft	adj.	(of speech sounds); produced with the back of the tongue raised toward the hard palate; characterized by a hissing or hushing sound (as `s' and `sh')
soft	adj.	(of a commodity or market or currency) falling or likely to fall in value
soft	adj.	using evidence not readily amenable to experimental verification or refutation
soft	adj.	tolerant or lenient
soft	adj.	soft and mild; not harsh or stern or severe
soft	adj.	having little impact
soft	adj.	out of condition; not strong or robust; incapable of exertion or endurance
soft	adj.	willing to negotiate and compromise
soft	adj.	not burdensome or demanding; borne or done easily and without hardship
soft	adj.	mild and pleasant
soft	adj.	not brilliant or glaring
soft	adv.	in a relaxed manner; or without hardship;  (`soft' is nonstandard)
softback	n.	a book with paper covers
softball	n.	ball used in playing softball
softball	n.	a game closely resembling baseball that is played on a smaller diamond and with a ball that is larger and softer
soften	v.	make (images or sounds) soft or softer
soften	v.	lessen in force or effect
soften	v.	give in, as to influence or pressure
soften	v.	protect from impact
soften	v.	make less severe or harsh
soften	v.	make soft or softer
soften	v.	become soft or softer
softener	n.	a substance added to another to make it less hard
softhearted	adj.	easily moved to pity or sorrow
softness	n.	the property of giving little resistance to pressure and being easily cut or molded
softness	n.	poor physical condition; being out of shape or out of condition (as from a life of ease and luxury)
softness	n.	the quality of weather that is deliciously mild and soothing
softness	n.	a state of declining economic condition
softness	n.	a sound property that is free from loudness or stridency
softness	n.	a visual property that is subdued and free from brilliance or glare
softness	n.	acting in a manner that is gentle and mild and even-tempered
softness	n.	the quality of being indistinct and without sharp outlines
softness	n.	the trait of being effeminate (derogatory of a man)
softness	n.	a disposition to be lenient in judging others
software	n.	(computer science) written programs or procedures or rules and associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and that are stored in read/write memory
softwood	n.	wood that is easy to saw (from conifers such as pine or fir)
softy	n.	a person who is weak and excessively sentimental
sogginess	n.	a heavy wetness
soggy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
soggy	adj.	having the consistency of dough because of insufficient leavening or improper cooking
soggy	adj.	slow and apathetic
soho	n.	a district in southwestern Manhattan noted for its shops and restaurants and galleries and artist's lofts
soho	n.	a city district of central London now noted for restaurants and nightclubs
soigne	adj.	polished and well-groomed; showing sophisticated elegance
soignee	adj.	polished and well-groomed; showing sophisticated elegance
soil	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
soil	n.	the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock
soil	n.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use)
soil	n.	the geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign state
soil	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
soiled	v.	make soiled, filthy, or dirty
soiled	adj.	soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime
soiree	n.	a party of people assembled in the evening (usually at a private house)
sojourn	n.	a temporary stay (e.g., as a guest)
sojourn	v.	spend a certain length of time; reside temporarily
sojourner	n.	a temporary resident
sol	n.	a colloid that has a continuous liquid phase in which a solid is suspended in a liquid
sol	n.	(Roman mythology) ancient Roman god; personification of the sun; counterpart of Greek Helios
sol	n.	the syllable naming the fifth (dominant) note of any musical scale in solmization
solace	n.	the comfort you feel when consoled in times of disappointment
solace	n.	comfort in disappointment or misery
solace	n.	the act of consoling; giving relief in affliction
solace	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
solar	adj.	relating to or derived from the sun or utilizing the energies of the sun
solaria	n.	a room enclosed largely with glass and affording exposure to the sun
solarium	n.	a room enclosed largely with glass and affording exposure to the sun
sold	v.	exchange or deliver for money or its equivalent
sold	v.	be sold at a certain price or in a certain way
sold	v.	persuade somebody to accept something
sold	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
sold	v.	give up for a price or reward
sold	v.	be approved of or gain acceptance
sold	v.	be responsible for the sale of
sold	v.	deliver to an enemy by treachery
sold	adj.	disposed of to a purchaser
solder	n.	an alloy (usually of lead and tin) used when melted to join two metal surfaces
solder	v.	join or fuse with solder
solderer	n.	a worker who joins or mends with solder
soldier	n.	an enlisted man or woman who serves in an army
soldier	n.	a wingless sterile ant or termite having a large head and powerful jaws adapted for defending the colony
soldier	v.	serve as a soldier in the military
soldiery	n.	soldiers collectively
sole	n.	the underside of footwear or a golf club
sole	n.	lean flesh of any of several flatfish
sole	n.	the underside of the foot
sole	n.	right-eyed flatfish; many are valued as food; most common in warm seas especially European
sole	v.	put a new sole on
sole	adj.	not divided or shared with others
sole	adj.	being the only one; single and isolated from others
solecism	n.	a socially awkward or tactless act
solely	adv.	without any others being included or involved
solemn	adj.	dignified and somber in manner or character and committed to keeping promises
solemn	adj.	characterized by a firm and humorless belief in the validity of your opinions
solemness	n.	a trait of dignified seriousness
solemnity	n.	a trait of dignified seriousness
solemnity	n.	a solemn and dignified feeling
solemnization	n.	the public performance of a sacrament or solemn ceremony with all appropriate ritual
solemnize	v.	observe or perform with dignity or gravity
solemnize	v.	perform (the wedding ceremony) with proper ceremonies
solemnize	v.	make solemn and grave
solenoid	n.	a coil of wire around an iron core; becomes a magnet when current passes through the coil
solicit	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
solicit	v.	make amorous advances towards
solicit	v.	approach with an offer of sexual favors
solicit	v.	incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination
solicit	v.	make a solicitation or petition for something desired
solicitation	n.	an entreaty addressed to someone of superior status
solicitation	n.	request for a sum of money
solicitation	n.	the act of enticing a person to do something wrong (as an offer of sex in return for money)
solicited	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
solicited	v.	make amorous advances towards
solicited	v.	approach with an offer of sexual favors
solicited	v.	incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination
solicited	v.	make a solicitation or petition for something desired
solicitor	n.	a petitioner who solicits contributions or trade or votes
solicitor	n.	a British lawyer who gives legal advice and prepares legal documents
solicitous	adj.	full of anxiety and concern
solicitous	adj.	showing hovering attentiveness
solicitousness	n.	a feeling of excessive concern
solicitude	n.	a feeling of excessive concern
solid	n.	matter that is solid at room temperature and pressure
solid	n.	the state in which a substance has no tendency to flow under moderate stress; resists forces (such as compression) that tend to deform it; and retains a definite size and shape
solid	n.	a three-dimensional shape
solid	adj.	characterized by good substantial quality
solid	adj.	of definite shape and volume; firm; neither liquid nor gaseous
solid	adj.	entirely of one substance with no holes inside
solid	adj.	of one substance or character throughout
solid	adj.	uninterrupted in space; having no gaps or breaks
solid	adj.	providing abundant nourishment
solid	adj.	of good quality and condition; solidly built
solid	adj.	not soft or yielding to pressure
solid	adj.	having three dimensions
solid	adj.	impenetrable for the eye
solid	adj.	financially sound
solid	adj.	of a substantial character and not frivolous or superficial
solid	adj.	meriting respect or esteem
solid	adj.	of the same color throughout
solid	adj.	acting together as a single undiversified whole
solidarity	n.	a union of interests or purposes or sympathies among members of a group
solidi	n.	a gold coin of the Byzantine Empire; widely circulated in Europe in the Middle Ages
solidi	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
solidification	n.	the process of becoming hard or solid by cooling or drying or crystallization
solidify	v.	make solid or more solid; cause to solidify
solidify	v.	become solid
solidity	n.	the consistency of a solid
solidity	n.	state of having the interior filled with matter
solidity	n.	the quality of being solid and reliable financially or factually or morally
solidness	n.	the state in which a substance has no tendency to flow under moderate stress; resists forces (such as compression) that tend to deform it; and retains a definite size and shape
solidness	n.	the consistency of a solid
solidness	n.	the quality of being substantial or having substance
solidness	n.	the quality of being solid and reliable financially or factually or morally
solidus	n.	a gold coin of the Byzantine Empire; widely circulated in Europe in the Middle Ages
solidus	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
soliloquies	n.	speech you make to yourself
soliloquies	n.	a (usually long) dramatic speech intended to give the illusion of unspoken reflections
soliloquize	v.	talk to oneself
soliloquy	n.	speech you make to yourself
soliloquy	n.	a (usually long) dramatic speech intended to give the illusion of unspoken reflections
solipsism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical theory that the self is all that you know to exist
solitaire	n.	a gem (usually a diamond) in a setting by itself
solitaire	n.	extinct flightless bird related to the dodo
solitaire	n.	a dull grey North American thrush noted for its beautiful song
solitaire	n.	a card game played by one person
solitariness	n.	the state of being alone in solitary isolation
solitariness	n.	a disposition toward being alone
solitary	n.	confinement of a prisoner in isolation from other prisoners
solitary	n.	one who lives in solitude
solitary	adj.	characterized by or preferring solitude
solitary	adj.	of plants and animals; not growing or living in groups or colonies
solitary	adj.	lacking companions or companionship
solitary	adj.	being the only one; single and isolated from others
solitary	adj.	devoid of creatures
solitude	n.	a state of social isolation
solitude	n.	the state or situation of being alone
solitude	n.	a solitary place
solo	n.	any activity that is performed alone without assistance
solo	n.	a musical composition for one voice or instrument (with or without accompaniment)
solo	n.	a flight in which the aircraft pilot is unaccompanied
solo	v.	fly alone, without a co-pilot or passengers
solo	v.	perform a piece written for a single instrument
solo	adj.	composed or performed by a single voice or instrument
solo	adv.	without anybody else or anything else
soloist	n.	a musician who performs a solo
solomon	n.	(Old Testament) son of David and king of Israel noted for his wisdom (10th century BC)
solon	n.	a man who is a respected leader in national or international affairs
solstice	n.	either of the two times of the year when the sun is at its greatest distance from the celestial equator
solubility	n.	the quantity of a particular substance that can dissolve in a particular solvent (yielding a saturated solution)
solubility	n.	the property (of a problem or difficulty) that makes it possible to solve
solubility	n.	the quality of being soluble and easily dissolved in liquid
soluble	adj.	(of a substance) capable of being dissolved in some solvent (usually water)
soluble	adj.	susceptible of solution or of being solved or explained
solute	n.	the dissolved matter in a solution; the component of a solution that changes its state
solutes	n.	the dissolved matter in a solution; the component of a solution that changes its state
solvable	adj.	capable of being solved
solve	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
solve	v.	find the solution
solve	v.	settle, as of a debt
solved	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
solved	v.	find the solution
solved	v.	settle, as of a debt
solved	adj.	explained or answered
solvency	n.	the ability to meet maturing obligations as they come due
solvent	n.	a liquid substance capable of dissolving other substances
solvent	n.	a statement that solves a problem or explains how to solve the problem
solvent	adj.	capable of meeting financial obligations
solver	n.	a thinker who focuses on the problem as stated and tries to synthesize information and knowledge to achieve a solution
solzhenitsyn	n.	Soviet writer and political dissident whose novels exposed the brutality of Soviet labor camps (born in 1918)
somali	n.	a member of a tall dark (mostly Muslim) people inhabiting Somalia
somali	n.	the Cushitic language spoken by the Somali
somali	adj.	of or relating to the African republic of Somalia or its people or their language and culture
somalia	n.	a republic in extreme eastern Africa on the Somali peninsula; subject to tribal warfare
somalian	n.	a member of a tall dark (mostly Muslim) people inhabiting Somalia
somalian	adj.	of or relating to the African republic of Somalia or its people or their language and culture
somatic	adj.	affecting or characteristic of the body as opposed to the mind or spirit
somatosensory	adj.	of or relating to the somatosenses
somber	adj.	lacking brightness or color; dull
somber	adj.	grave or even gloomy in character
somberness	n.	a state of partial or total darkness
somberness	n.	a feeling of melancholy apprehension
somberness	n.	a manner that is serious and solemn
sombrero	n.	one of the islands of Saint Christopher-Nevis
sombrero	n.	a straw hat with a tall crown and broad brim; worn in American southwest and in Mexico
some	adj.	quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns to indicate an unspecified number or quantity
some	adj.	relatively much but unspecified in amount or extent
some	adj.	relatively many but unspecified in number
some	adj.	remarkable
some	adv.	(of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
somebody	n.	a human being
someday	adv.	some unspecified time in the future
somehow	adv.	in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means
somehow	adv.	for some unspecified reason
someone	n.	a human being
someplace	adv.	in or at or to some place; ; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere')
somersault	n.	an acrobatic feat in which the feet roll over the head (either forward or backward) and return
somersault	v.	do a somersault
somerset	n.	a county in southwestern England on the Bristol Channel
somerset	n.	an acrobatic feat in which the feet roll over the head (either forward or backward) and return
sometime	adj.	belonging to some prior time
sometime	adv.	at some indefinite or unstated time
someway	adv.	in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means
somewhat	adv.	to a small degree or extent
somewhat	adv.	to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
somewhere	n.	an indefinite or unknown location
somewhere	adv.	in or at or to some place; ; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere')
somme	n.	battle of World War II (1944)
somme	n.	battle in World War I (1916)
somnambulism	n.	walking by a person who is asleep
somnambulist	n.	someone who walks about in their sleep
somnolence	n.	a very sleepy state
somnolent	adj.	inclined to or marked by drowsiness
son	n.	a male human offspring
son	n.	the divine word of God; the second person in the Trinity (incarnate in Jesus)
sonar	n.	a measuring instrument that sends out an acoustic pulse in water and measures distances in terms of the time for the echo of the pulse to return
sonata	n.	a musical composition of 3 or 4 movements of contrasting forms
sonatina	n.	a short and simple sonata
sondheim	n.	United States composer of musicals (born in 1930)
song	n.	a short musical composition with words
song	n.	a distinctive or characteristic sound
song	n.	the act of singing
song	n.	the characteristic sound produced by a bird
song	n.	a very small sum
song	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 960 to 1279; noted for art and literature and philosophy
songbird	n.	any bird having a musical call
songbook	n.	a book containing a collection of songs
songhai	n.	a Nilo-Saharan language spoken by the Songhai in Mali and Niger
songster	n.	a composer of words or music for popular songs
songster	n.	a person who sings
songster	n.	any bird having a musical call
songstress	n.	a woman songster (especially of popular songs)
songwriter	n.	a composer of words or music for popular songs
sonic	adj.	(of speed) having or caused by speed approximately equal to that of sound in air at sea level
sonic	adj.	relating to audible sound
sonnet	n.	a verse form consisting of 14 lines with a fixed rhyme scheme
sonnet	v.	praise in a sonnet
sonnet	v.	compose a sonnet
sonny	n.	a male child (a familiar term of address to a boy)
sonogram	n.	an image of a structure that is produced by ultrasonography (reflections of high-frequency sound waves); used to observe fetal growth or to study bodily organs
sonora	n.	ground snakes
sonority	n.	having the character of a loud deep sound; the quality of being resonant
sonorous	adj.	full and loud and deep
sonorousness	n.	having the character of a loud deep sound; the quality of being resonant
sontag	n.	United States writer (born in 1933)
soon	adv.	in the near future
soot	n.	a black colloidal substance consisting wholly or principally of amorphous carbon and used to make pigments and ink
soot	v.	coat with soot
sooth	n.	truth or reality
soothe	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
soothe	v.	cause to feel better
soothing	v.	give moral or emotional strength to
soothing	v.	cause to feel better
soothing	adj.	affording physical relief
soothing	adj.	freeing from fear and anxiety
soothsayer	n.	someone who makes predictions of the future (usually on the basis of special knowledge)
soothsaying	n.	the art or gift of prophecy (or the pretense of prophecy) by supernatural means
sooty	adj.	of the blackest black; similar to the color of jet or coal
sooty	adj.	covered with or as if with soot
sop	n.	piece of solid food for dipping in a liquid
sop	n.	a concession given to mollify or placate
sop	n.	a prescribed procedure to be followed routinely
sop	v.	give a conciliatory gift or bribe to
sop	v.	be or become thoroughly soaked or saturated with a liquid
sop	v.	dip into liquid
sop	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
soph	n.	a second-year undergraduate
sophism	n.	a deliberately invalid argument displaying ingenuity in reasoning in the hope of deceiving someone
sophist	n.	any of a group of Greek philosophers and teachers in the 5th century BC who speculated on a wide range of subjects
sophist	n.	someone whose reasoning is subtle and often specious
sophistic	adj.	of or pertaining to sophists
sophistic	adj.	plausible but misleading
sophistical	adj.	plausible but misleading
sophisticate	n.	a worldly-wise person
sophisticate	v.	make less natural or innocent
sophisticate	v.	practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive
sophisticate	v.	alter and make impure, as with the intention to deceive
sophisticate	v.	make more complex or refined
sophisticated	v.	make less natural or innocent
sophisticated	v.	practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive
sophisticated	v.	alter and make impure, as with the intention to deceive
sophisticated	v.	make more complex or refined
sophisticated	adj.	having or appealing to those having worldly knowledge and refinement and savoir-faire
sophisticated	adj.	ahead in development; complex or intricate
sophisticated	adj.	intellectually appealing
sophistication	n.	uplifting enlightenment
sophistication	n.	a deliberately invalid argument displaying ingenuity in reasoning in the hope of deceiving someone
sophistication	n.	being expert or having knowledge of some technical subject
sophistication	n.	the quality or character of being intellectually sophisticated and worldly through cultivation or experience or disillusionment
sophistication	n.	falsification by the use of sophistry; misleading by means of specious fallacies
sophistry	n.	a deliberately invalid argument displaying ingenuity in reasoning in the hope of deceiving someone
sophocles	n.	one of the great tragedians of ancient Greece (496-406 BC)
sophomore	n.	a second-year undergraduate
sophomore	adj.	used of the second year in United States high school or college
soporific	n.	a drug that induces sleep
soporific	adj.	sleep inducing
soporific	adj.	inducing mental lethargy
sopped	v.	give a conciliatory gift or bribe to
sopped	v.	be or become thoroughly soaked or saturated with a liquid
sopped	v.	dip into liquid
sopped	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
sopping	v.	give a conciliatory gift or bribe to
sopping	v.	be or become thoroughly soaked or saturated with a liquid
sopping	v.	dip into liquid
sopping	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
sopping	adv.	extremely wet
soppy	adj.	wet through and through; thoroughly wet
soppy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
soprano	n.	a female singer
soprano	n.	the highest female voice; the voice of a boy before puberty
soprano	n.	the pitch range of the highest female voice
soprano	adj.	having or denoting a high range
sorbet	n.	an ice containing no milk but having a mushy consistency; usually made from fruit juice
sorbonne	n.	a university in Paris; intellectual center of France
sorcerer	n.	one who practices magic or sorcery
sorceress	n.	a woman sorcerer
sorcery	n.	the belief in magical spells that harness occult forces or evil spirits to produce unnatural effects in the world
sordid	adj.	morally degraded; ; ; ; - Seattle Weekly; - James Joyce
sordid	adj.	unethical or dishonest
sordid	adj.	foul and run-down and repulsive
sordid	adj.	meanly avaricious and mercenary
sordidness	n.	sordid dirtiness
sordidness	n.	unworthiness by virtue of lacking higher values
sore	n.	an open skin infection
sore	adj.	hurting
sore	adj.	causing misery or pain or distress
sore	adj.	roused to anger; - Mark Twain
sorehead	n.	someone who is peevish or disgruntled
soreness	n.	a pain that is felt (as when the area is touched)
soreness	n.	an uncomfortable feeling of mental painfulness or distress
sorghum	n.	economically important Old World tropical cereal grass
sorghum	n.	annual or perennial tropical and subtropical cereal grasses: sorghum
sorghum	n.	made from juice of sweet sorghum
sorority	n.	a social club for female undergraduates
sorrel	n.	any plant or flower of the genus Oxalis
sorrel	n.	any of certain coarse weedy plants with long taproots, sometimes used as table greens or in folk medicine
sorrel	n.	East Indian sparsely prickly annual herb or perennial subshrub widely cultivated for its fleshy calyxes used in tarts and jelly and for its bast fiber
sorrel	n.	large sour-tasting arrowhead-shaped leaves used in salads and sauces
sorrel	n.	a horse of a brownish orange to light brown color
sorrel	adj.	of a light brownish color
sorriness	n.	worthlessness due to insignificance
sorrow	n.	an emotion of great sadness associated with loss or bereavement
sorrow	n.	sadness associated with some wrong done or some disappointment
sorrow	n.	something that causes great unhappiness
sorrow	n.	the state of being sad
sorrow	v.	feel grief
sorrowful	adj.	experiencing or marked by or expressing sorrow especially that associated with irreparable loss; ; ; ; - Proverbs 14:13
sorrowfulness	n.	the state of being sad
sorrowfulness	n.	a state of gloomy sorrow
sorry	adj.	feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
sorry	adj.	bad; unfortunate
sorry	adj.	without merit
sorry	adj.	causing dejection
sort	n.	a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
sort	n.	an approximate definition or example
sort	n.	a person of a particular character or nature
sort	n.	an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion
sort	v.	examine in order to test suitability
sort	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
sorted	v.	examine in order to test suitability
sorted	v.	arrange or order by classes or categories
sorted	adj.	arranged according to size
sorted	adj.	arranged into groups
sorter	n.	a clerk who sorts things (as letters at the post office)
sorter	n.	a machine for sorting things (such as punched cards or letters) into classes
sortie	n.	a military action in which besieged troops burst forth from their position
sortie	n.	(military) an operational flight by a single aircraft (as in a military operation)
sos	n.	an internationally recognized distress signal in radio code
sos	n.	the syllable naming the fifth (dominant) note of any musical scale in solmization
soses	n.	an internationally recognized distress signal in radio code
sot	n.	a chronic drinker
sottish	adj.	given to or marked by the consumption of alcohol
sou	n.	a former French coin of low denomination; often used of any small amount of money
sou'wester	n.	a strong wind from the southwest
sou'wester	n.	waterproof hat with wide slanting brim longer in back than in front
souffle	n.	light fluffy dish of egg yolks and stiffly beaten egg whites mixed with e.g. cheese or fish or fruit
sough	v.	make a murmuring sound
soughs	v.	make a murmuring sound
sought	v.	try to get or reach
sought	v.	try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
sought	v.	make an effort or attempt
sought	v.	go to or towards
sought	v.	inquire for
sought	adj.	that is looked for
sought	adj.	being searched for
souk	n.	an open-air market in an Arabian city
soul	n.	the immaterial part of a person; the actuating cause of an individual life
soul	n.	a human being
soul	n.	deep feeling or emotion
soul	n.	the human embodiment of something
soul	n.	a secular form of gospel that was a major Black musical genre in the 1960s and 1970s
soulful	adj.	full of or expressing deep emotion
soulfulness	n.	deep feeling or emotion
soulless	adj.	lacking sensitivity or the capacity for deep feeling
sound	n.	the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause
sound	n.	the subjective sensation of hearing something
sound	n.	mechanical vibrations transmitted by an elastic medium
sound	n.	the sudden occurrence of an audible event
sound	n.	the audible part of a transmitted signal
sound	n.	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language
sound	n.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
sound	n.	a large ocean inlet or deep bay
sound	v.	appear in a certain way
sound	v.	make a certain noise or sound
sound	v.	give off a certain sound or sounds
sound	v.	announce by means of a sound
sound	v.	utter with vibrating vocal chords
sound	v.	cause to sound
sound	v.	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line
sound	adj.	financially secure and safe
sound	adj.	exercising or showing good judgment
sound	adj.	in good condition; free from defect or damage or decay
sound	adj.	in excellent physical condition
sound	adj.	logically valid
sound	adj.	having legal efficacy or force
sound	adj.	free from moral defect
sound	adj.	(of sleep) deep and complete
sound	adj.	thorough
soundboard	n.	(music) resonator consisting of a thin board whose vibrations reinforce the sound of the instrument
sounder	n.	a device for making soundings
sounder	adj.	financially secure and safe
sounder	adj.	exercising or showing good judgment
sounder	adj.	in good condition; free from defect or damage or decay
sounder	adj.	in excellent physical condition
sounder	adj.	logically valid
sounder	adj.	having legal efficacy or force
sounder	adj.	free from moral defect
sounder	adj.	(of sleep) deep and complete
sounder	adj.	thorough
sounding	n.	a measure of the depth of water taken with a sounding line
sounding	n.	the act of measuring depth of water (usually with a sounding line)
sounding	v.	appear in a certain way
sounding	v.	make a certain noise or sound
sounding	v.	give off a certain sound or sounds
sounding	v.	announce by means of a sound
sounding	v.	utter with vibrating vocal chords
sounding	v.	cause to sound
sounding	v.	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line
sounding	adj.	appearing to be as specified; usually used as combining forms
sounding	adj.	having volume or deepness; ; - Wordsworth
sounding	adj.	making or having a sound as specified; used as a combining form
soundless	adj.	marked by absence of sound
soundness	n.	a state or condition free from damage or decay
soundness	n.	the quality of being prudent and sensible
soundness	n.	the muscle tone of healthy tissue
soundproof	v.	insulate against noise
soundproof	adj.	impervious to, or not penetrable by, sound
soundproofing	v.	insulate against noise
soundtrack	n.	sound recording on a narrow strip of a motion picture film
soup	n.	liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pieces of solid food
soup	n.	any composition having a consistency suggestive of soup
soup	n.	an unfortunate situation
soup	v.	dope (a racehorse)
soupcon	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
soupy	adj.	having the consistency and appearance of soup
soupy	adj.	effusively or insincerely emotional
sour	n.	a cocktail made of a liquor (especially whiskey or gin) mixed with lemon or lime juice and sugar
sour	n.	the taste experience when vinegar or lemon juice is taken into the mouth
sour	n.	the property of being acidic
sour	v.	go sour or spoil
sour	v.	make sour or more sour
sour	adj.	smelling of fermentation or staleness
sour	adj.	having a sharp biting taste
sour	adj.	one of the four basic taste sensations; like the taste of vinegar or lemons
sour	adj.	in an unpalatable state
sour	adj.	inaccurate in pitch
sour	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
source	n.	the place where something begins, where it springs into being
source	n.	a document (or organization) from which information is obtained
source	n.	anything that provides inspiration for later work
source	n.	a facility where something is available
source	n.	a person who supplies information
source	n.	someone who originates or causes or initiates something
source	n.	(technology) a process by which energy or a substance enters a system
source	n.	anything (a person or animal or plant or substance) in which an infectious agent normally lives and multiplies
source	n.	a publication (or a passage from a publication) that is referred to
source	v.	get (a product) from another country or business
source	v.	specify the origin of
sourdough	n.	a leaven of dough in which fermentation is active; used by pioneers for making bread
sourdough	n.	a settler or prospector (especially in western United States or northwest Canada and Alaska)
sourdoughs	n.	a leaven of dough in which fermentation is active; used by pioneers for making bread
sourdoughs	n.	a settler or prospector (especially in western United States or northwest Canada and Alaska)
sourish	adj.	tasting sour like a lemon
sourness	n.	the taste experience when vinegar or lemon juice is taken into the mouth
sourness	n.	the property of being acidic
sourness	n.	a sullen moody resentful disposition
sourpuss	n.	someone with a habitually sullen or gloomy expression
sousa	n.	a United States bandmaster and composer of military marches (1854-1932)
sousaphone	n.	the lowest brass wind instrument
souse	n.	a person who drinks alcohol to excess habitually
souse	n.	pork trimmings chopped and pickled and jelled
souse	n.	the act of making something completely wet
souse	v.	cover with liquid; pour liquid onto
souse	v.	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate
souse	v.	become drunk or drink excessively
souse	v.	cook in a marinade
south	n.	the region of the United States lying to the south of the Mason-Dixon line
south	n.	the southern states that seceded from the United States in 1861
south	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees
south	n.	a location in the southern part of a country, region, or city
south	n.	the direction corresponding to the southward cardinal compass point
south	adj.	situated in or facing or moving toward or coming from the south
south	adv.	in a southern direction
southbound	adj.	moving toward the south
southeast	n.	the compass point midway between south and east; at 135 degrees
southeast	n.	the southeastern region of the United States
southeast	n.	the direction corresponding to the southeastward compass point
southeast	n.	a location in the southeastern part of a country, region, or city
southeast	adj.	coming from the southeast
southeast	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southeast
southeast	adv.	to, toward, or in the southeast
southeaster	n.	a strong wind from the southeast
southeaster	adj.	coming from the southeast
southeaster	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southeast
southeastern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southeast
southeastern	adj.	of a region of the United States generally including Alabama; Georgia; Florida; Tennessee; South Carolina; North Carolina
southeastward	n.	the compass point midway between south and east; at 135 degrees
southeastward	adj.	toward the southeast
southeastward	adv.	in a southeastward direction
southerly	n.	a wind from the south
southerly	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the south
southerly	adj.	from the south; used especially of wind
southerly	adv.	toward the south
southerly	adv.	from the south
southern	adj.	in or characteristic of a region of the United States south of (approximately) the Mason-Dixon line
southern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the south
southern	adj.	situated in or coming from regions of the south
southern	adj.	from the south; used especially of wind
southerner	n.	an American who lives in the South
southernmost	adj.	situated farthest south
southey	n.	English poet and friend of Wordsworth and Coleridge (1774-1843)
southpaw	n.	a baseball pitcher who throws the ball with the left hand
southpaw	n.	a person who uses the left hand with greater skill than the right
souths	n.	the region of the United States lying to the south of the Mason-Dixon line
souths	n.	the southern states that seceded from the United States in 1861
souths	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees
souths	n.	a location in the southern part of a country, region, or city
souths	n.	the direction corresponding to the southward cardinal compass point
southward	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees
southward	adj.	moving toward the south
southward	adv.	toward the south
southwest	n.	the compass point midway between south and west; at 225 degrees
southwest	n.	the southwestern region of the United States generally including New Mexico, Arizona, Texas, Nevada, California, and sometimes Utah and Colorado
southwest	n.	the direction corresponding to the southwestward compass point
southwest	n.	a location in the southwestern part of a country, region, or city
southwest	adj.	coming from the southwest
southwest	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southwest
southwest	adv.	to, toward, or in the southwest
southwester	n.	a strong wind from the southwest
southwester	adj.	coming from the southwest
southwester	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southwest
southwestern	n.	a dialect of Middle English
southwestern	adj.	situated in or oriented toward the southwest
southwestern	adj.	of a region of the United States generally including New Mexico; Arizona; Texas; California; and sometimes Nevada; Utah; Colorado
southwestward	n.	the compass point midway between south and west; at 225 degrees
southwestward	adj.	toward the southwest
southwestward	adv.	in a southwestward direction
souvenir	n.	something of sentimental value
souvenir	n.	a reminder of past events
sovereign	n.	a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right
sovereign	adj.	(of political bodies) not controlled by outside forces
sovereign	adj.	greatest in status or authority or power
sovereignty	n.	government free from external control
sovereignty	n.	royal authority; the dominion of a monarch
sovereignty	n.	the authority of a state to govern another state
soviet	n.	an elected governmental council in a communist country (especially one that is a member of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics)
soviet	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the former Soviet Union or its people
sow	n.	an adult female hog
sow	v.	place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth
sow	v.	introduce into an environment
sow	v.	place seeds in or on (the ground)
sower	n.	someone who sows
soweto	n.	a large collection of African townships to the southwest of Johannesburg in South Africa; inhabited solely by Black Africans
sown	v.	place (seeds) in or on the ground for future growth
sown	v.	introduce into an environment
sown	v.	place seeds in or on (the ground)
sown	adj.	sprinkled with seed
soy	n.	a source of oil; used for forage and soil improvement and as food
soy	n.	erect bushy hairy annual herb having trifoliate leaves and purple to pink flowers; extensively cultivated for food and forage and soil improvement but especially for its nutritious oil-rich seeds; native to Asia
soy	n.	thin sauce made of fermented soy beans
soy	n.	the most highly proteinaceous vegetable known; the fruit of the soybean plant is used in a variety of foods and as fodder (especially as a replacement for animal protein)
soybean	n.	a source of oil; used for forage and soil improvement and as food
soybean	n.	erect bushy hairy annual herb having trifoliate leaves and purple to pink flowers; extensively cultivated for food and forage and soil improvement but especially for its nutritious oil-rich seeds; native to Asia
soybean	n.	the most highly proteinaceous vegetable known; the fruit of the soybean plant is used in a variety of foods and as fodder (especially as a replacement for animal protein)
sozzled	adj.	very drunk
spa	n.	a health resort near a spring or at the seaside
spa	n.	a fashionable hotel usually in a resort area
spa	n.	a place of business with equipment and facilities for exercising and improving physical fitness
space	n.	the unlimited expanse in which everything is located
space	n.	an empty area (usually bounded in some way between things)
space	n.	an area reserved for some particular purpose
space	n.	any location outside the Earth's atmosphere
space	n.	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing
space	n.	the interval between two times
space	n.	a blank area
space	n.	one of the areas between or below or above the lines of a musical staff
space	n.	(printing) a block of type without a raised letter; used for spacing between words or sentences
space	v.	place at intervals
spacecraft	n.	a craft capable of traveling in outer space; technically, a satellite around the sun
spaceflight	n.	a voyage outside the Earth's atmosphere
spaceman	n.	a person trained to travel in a spacecraft
spacemen	n.	a person trained to travel in a spacecraft
spaceship	n.	a spacecraft designed to carry a crew into interstellar space (especially in science fiction)
spacesuit	n.	a pressure suit worn by astronauts while in outer space
spacewalk	v.	move in space outside a space craft
spacey	adj.	stupefied by (or as if by) some narcotic drug
spacial	adj.	pertaining to or involving or having the nature of space
spacing	n.	the time between occurrences of a repeating event
spacing	n.	the property possessed by an array of things that have space between them
spacing	v.	place at intervals
spacious	adj.	very large in expanse or scope
spacious	adj.	(of buildings and rooms) having ample space
spaciousness	n.	spatial largeness and extensiveness (especially inside a building)
spackle	n.	powder (containing gypsum plaster and glue) that when mixed with water forms a plastic paste used to fill cracks and holes in plaster
spade	n.	a playing card in the major suit that has one or more black figures on it
spade	n.	a sturdy hand shovel that can be pushed into the earth with the foot
spade	n.	(ethnic slur) extremely offensive name for a Black person
spade	v.	dig (up) with a spade
spadeful	n.	the quantity a shovel can hold
spadework	n.	dull or routine preliminary work preparing for an undertaking
spadices	n.	the fleshy axis of a spike often surrounded by a spathe
spadix	n.	the fleshy axis of a spike often surrounded by a spathe
spaghetti	n.	spaghetti served with a tomato sauce
spaghetti	n.	pasta in the form of long strings
spain	n.	a parliamentary monarchy in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula; a former colonial power
spam	n.	a canned meat made largely from pork
spam	n.	unwanted e-mail (usually of a commercial nature sent out in bulk)
spam	v.	send unwanted or junk e-mail
spammer	n.	someone who sends unwanted email (often in bulk)
span	n.	the complete duration of something
span	n.	the distance or interval between two points
span	n.	two items of the same kind
span	n.	a unit of length based on the width of the expanded human hand (usually taken as 9 inches)
span	n.	a structure that allows people or vehicles to cross an obstacle such as a river or canal or railway etc.
span	n.	the act of sitting or standing astride
span	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
spandex	n.	an elastic synthetic fabric
spangle	n.	adornment consisting of a small piece of shiny material used to decorate clothing
spangle	v.	glitter as if covered with spangles
spangle	v.	decorate with spangles
spangly	adj.	covered with beads or jewels or sequins
spaniard	n.	a native or inhabitant of Spain
spaniel	n.	any of several breeds of small to medium-sized gun dogs with a long silky coat and long frilled ears
spanish	n.	the Romance language spoken in most of Spain and the countries colonized by Spain
spanish	n.	the people of Spain
spanish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Spain or the people of Spain
spank	n.	a slap with the flat of the hand
spank	v.	give a spanking to; subject to a spanking
spanking	n.	the act of slapping on the buttocks
spanking	v.	give a spanking to; subject to a spanking
spanking	adj.	quick and energetic
spanned	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
spanner	n.	a hand tool that is used to hold or twist a nut or bolt
spanning	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
spar	n.	any of various nonmetallic minerals (calcite or feldspar) that are light in color and transparent or translucent and cleavable
spar	n.	a stout rounded pole of wood or metal used to support rigging
spar	n.	making the motions of attack and defense with the fists and arms; a part of training for a boxer
spar	v.	furnish with spars
spar	v.	fight with spurs
spar	v.	box lightly
spar	v.	fight verbally
spare	n.	an extra component of a machine or other apparatus
spare	n.	an extra car wheel and tire for a four-wheel vehicle
spare	n.	a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls
spare	v.	refrain from harming
spare	v.	save or relieve from an experience or action
spare	v.	give up what is not strictly needed
spare	v.	use frugally or carefully
spare	adj.	thin and fit
spare	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
spare	adj.	not taken up by scheduled activities
spare	adj.	kept in reserve especially for emergency use
spare	adj.	lacking in amplitude or quantity
spare	adj.	lacking embellishment or ornamentation
spareness	n.	the property of being scanty or scattered; lacking denseness
spareness	n.	the property of having little body fat
spareribs	n.	baked or roasted with a spicy sauce
spareribs	n.	cut of pork from the rib section with most of the meat trimmed off
spareribs	n.	a cut of pork ribs with much of the meat trimmed off
sparing	v.	refrain from harming
sparing	v.	save or relieve from an experience or action
sparing	v.	give up what is not strictly needed
sparing	v.	use frugally or carefully
sparing	v.	furnish with spars
sparing	v.	fight with spurs
sparing	v.	box lightly
sparing	v.	fight verbally
sparing	adj.	avoiding waste
spark	n.	a momentary flash of light
spark	n.	merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance
spark	n.	electrical conduction through a gas in an applied electric field
spark	n.	a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger
spark	n.	Scottish writer of satirical novels (born in 1918)
spark	n.	a small fragment of a burning substance thrown out by burning material or by friction
spark	v.	put in motion or move to act
spark	v.	emit or produce sparks
sparkle	n.	merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance
sparkle	n.	the occurrence of a small flash or spark
sparkle	n.	the quality of shining with a bright reflected light
sparkle	v.	reflect brightly
sparkle	v.	be lively or brilliant or exhibit virtuosity
sparkle	v.	emit or produce sparks
sparkle	v.	become bubbly or frothy or foaming
sparkler	n.	diamonds
sparkler	n.	a firework that burns slowly and throws out a shower of sparks
sparks	n.	a momentary flash of light
sparks	n.	merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance
sparks	n.	electrical conduction through a gas in an applied electric field
sparks	n.	a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger
sparks	n.	Scottish writer of satirical novels (born in 1918)
sparks	n.	a small fragment of a burning substance thrown out by burning material or by friction
sparks	v.	put in motion or move to act
sparks	v.	emit or produce sparks
sparred	v.	furnish with spars
sparred	v.	fight with spurs
sparred	v.	box lightly
sparred	v.	fight verbally
sparring	n.	an argument in which the participants are trying to gain some advantage
sparring	n.	making the motions of attack and defense with the fists and arms; a part of training for a boxer
sparring	v.	furnish with spars
sparring	v.	fight with spurs
sparring	v.	box lightly
sparring	v.	fight verbally
sparrow	n.	any of several small dull-colored singing birds feeding on seeds or insects
sparrow	n.	small brownish European songbird
sparse	adj.	not dense
sparseness	n.	the property of being scanty or scattered; lacking denseness
sparsity	n.	the property of being scanty or scattered; lacking denseness
sparta	n.	an ancient Greek city famous for military prowess; the dominant city of the Peloponnesus prior to the 4th century BC
spartan	n.	a resident of Sparta
spartan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Sparta or its people
spartan	adj.	resolute in the face of pain or danger or adversity
spartan	adj.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment; - H.G.Wells
spartan	adj.	practicing great self-denial; - William James
spasm	n.	a painful and involuntary muscular contraction
spasm	n.	(pathology) sudden constriction of a hollow organ (as a blood vessel)
spasmodic	adj.	affected by involuntary jerky muscular contractions; resembling a spasm
spasmodic	adj.	occurring in spells and often abruptly
spasmodically	adv.	with spasms
spasmodically	adv.	in spurts and fits
spastic	n.	a person suffering from spastic paralysis
spastic	adj.	relating to or characterized by spasm
spastic	adj.	suffering from spastic paralysis
spastic	adj.	affected by involuntary jerky muscular contractions; resembling a spasm
spat	n.	a quarrel about petty points
spat	n.	a cloth covering (a legging) that covers the instep and ankles
spat	n.	a young oyster or other bivalve
spat	v.	come down like raindrops
spat	v.	become permanently attached
spat	v.	strike with a sound like that of falling rain
spat	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
spat	v.	engage in a brief and petty quarrel
spat	v.	spawn
spat	v.	clap one's hands together
spat	v.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth
spat	v.	utter with anger or contempt
spat	v.	rain gently
spat	v.	drive a skewer through
spate	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
spate	n.	a sudden forceful flow
spate	n.	the occurrence of a water flow resulting from sudden rain or melting snow
spathe	n.	a conspicuous bract surrounding or subtending a spadix or other inflorescence
spatial	adj.	pertaining to or involving or having the nature of space
spatted	v.	come down like raindrops
spatted	v.	become permanently attached
spatted	v.	strike with a sound like that of falling rain
spatted	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
spatted	v.	engage in a brief and petty quarrel
spatted	v.	spawn
spatted	v.	clap one's hands together
spatter	n.	the noise of something spattering or sputtering explosively
spatter	n.	the act of splashing a (liquid) substance on a surface
spatter	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
spatter	v.	rain gently
spatter	v.	spot, splash, or soil
spatting	v.	come down like raindrops
spatting	v.	become permanently attached
spatting	v.	strike with a sound like that of falling rain
spatting	v.	clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
spatting	v.	engage in a brief and petty quarrel
spatting	v.	spawn
spatting	v.	clap one's hands together
spatula	n.	a turner with a narrow flexible blade
spatula	n.	a hand tool with a thin flexible blade used to mix or spread soft substances
spavin	n.	a swelling of the hock joint of a horse; resulting in lameness
spawn	n.	the mass of eggs deposited by fish or amphibians or molluscs
spawn	v.	call forth
spawn	v.	lay spawn
spay	v.	remove the ovaries of
speak	v.	express in speech
speak	v.	exchange thoughts; talk with
speak	v.	use language
speak	v.	give a speech to
speak	v.	make a characteristic or natural sound
speakeasy	n.	(during prohibition) an illegal barroom
speaker	n.	someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who delivers a public speech or someone especially garrulous)
speaker	n.	electro-acoustic transducer that converts electrical signals into sounds loud enough to be heard at a distance
speaker	n.	the presiding officer of a deliberative assembly
speakerphone	n.	a telephone with a microphone and loudspeaker; can be used without picking up a handset; several people can participate in a call at the same time
spear	n.	a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon
spear	n.	an implement with a shaft and barbed point used for catching fish
spear	v.	pierce with a spear
spear	v.	thrust up like a spear
spearfish	n.	any of several large vigorous pelagic fishes resembling sailfishes but with first dorsal fin much reduced; worldwide but rare
spearhead	n.	someone who leads or initiates an activity (attack or campaign etc.)
spearhead	n.	the leading military unit in an attack
spearhead	n.	the head and sharpened point of a spear
spearhead	v.	be the leader of
spearmint	n.	common garden herb having clusters of small purplish flowers and yielding an oil used as a flavoring
spears	n.	a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon
spears	n.	an implement with a shaft and barbed point used for catching fish
spears	v.	pierce with a spear
spears	v.	thrust up like a spear
spec	n.	a detailed description of design criteria for a piece of work
special	n.	a special offering (usually temporary and at a reduced price) that is featured in advertising
special	n.	a dish or meal given prominence in e.g. a restaurant
special	n.	a television production that features a particular person or work or topic
special	adj.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category
special	adj.	for a special service or occasion
special	adj.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected
special	adj.	adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
special	adj.	having a specific function or scope
special	adj.	first and most important
special	adj.	added to a regular schedule
specialism	n.	the concentration of your efforts on a particular field of study or occupation
specialism	n.	the special line of work you have adopted as your career
specialist	n.	an expert who is devoted to one occupation or branch of learning
specialist	n.	practices one branch of medicine
specialization	n.	the act of specializing; making something suitable for a special purpose
specialization	n.	the special line of work you have adopted as your career
specialization	n.	(biology) the structural adaptation of some body part for a particular function
specialize	v.	become more focus on an area of activity or field of study
specialize	v.	be specific about
specialize	v.	suit to a special purpose
specialize	v.	devote oneself to a special area of work
specialize	v.	evolve so as to lead to a new species or develop in a way most suited to the environment
specialty	n.	an asset of special worth or utility
specialty	n.	a distinguishing trait
specialty	n.	the special line of work you have adopted as your career
specie	n.	coins collectively
species	n.	(biology) taxonomic group whose members can interbreed
species	n.	a specific kind of something
species	n.	coins collectively
specifiable	adj.	capable of being specified
specific	n.	a fact about some part (as opposed to general)
specific	n.	a medicine that has a mitigating effect on a specific disease
specific	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') applying to or characterized by or distinguishing something particular or special or unique
specific	adj.	stated explicitly or in detail
specific	adj.	relating to or distinguishing or constituting a taxonomic species
specific	adj.	being or affecting a disease produced by a particular microorganism or condition; used also of stains or dyes used in making microscope slides
specifically	adv.	in distinction from others
specification	n.	a detailed description of design criteria for a piece of work
specification	n.	naming explicitly
specification	n.	(patent law) a document drawn up by the applicant for a patent of invention that provides an explicit and detailed description of the nature and use of an invention
specification	n.	a restriction that is insisted upon as a condition for an agreement
specificity	n.	the quality of being specific rather than general
specificity	n.	the quality of being specific to a particular organism
specified	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
specified	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
specified	v.	determine the essential quality of
specified	v.	be specific about
specified	v.	define clearly
specified	v.	design or destine
specified	v.	select something or someone for a specific purpose
specified	adj.	clearly and explicitly stated
specify	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
specify	v.	decide upon or fix definitely
specify	v.	determine the essential quality of
specify	v.	be specific about
specify	v.	define clearly
specify	v.	design or destine
specify	v.	select something or someone for a specific purpose
specimen	n.	an example regarded as typical of its class
specimen	n.	a bit of tissue or blood or urine that is taken for diagnostic purposes
specious	adj.	plausible but false
specious	adj.	based on pretense; deceptively pleasing
speciousness	n.	an appearance of truth that is false or deceptive; seeming plausibility
speck	n.	a very small spot
speck	n.	(nontechnical usage) a tiny piece of anything
speck	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
speck	v.	produce specks in or on
speckle	n.	a small contrasting part of something
speckle	v.	produce a mottled effect
speckle	v.	mark with small spots
specs	n.	optical instrument consisting of a frame that holds a pair of lenses for correcting defective vision
specs	n.	a detailed description of design criteria for a piece of work
spectacle	n.	something or someone seen (especially a notable or unusual sight)
spectacle	n.	an elaborate and remarkable display on a lavish scale
spectacle	n.	a blunder that makes you look ridiculous; used in the phrase `make a spectacle of' yourself
spectacles	n.	optical instrument consisting of a frame that holds a pair of lenses for correcting defective vision
spectacles	n.	something or someone seen (especially a notable or unusual sight)
spectacles	n.	an elaborate and remarkable display on a lavish scale
spectacles	n.	a blunder that makes you look ridiculous; used in the phrase `make a spectacle of' yourself
spectacular	n.	a lavishly produced performance
spectacular	adj.	sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect
spectacular	adj.	characteristic of spectacles or drama
spectacular	adj.	having a quality that thrusts itself into attention
spectate	v.	be a spectator in a sports event
spectator	n.	a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibition of some kind)
spectator	n.	a woman's pump with medium heel; usually in contrasting colors for toe and heel
specter	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
specter	n.	a ghostly appearing figure
spectra	n.	an ordered array of the components of an emission or wave
spectra	n.	a broad range of related objects or values or qualities or ideas or activities
spectral	adj.	of or relating to a spectrum
spectral	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a phantom
spectrometer	n.	spectroscope for obtaining a mass spectrum by deflecting ions into a thin slit and measuring the ion current with an electrometer
spectroscope	n.	an optical instrument for spectrographic analysis
spectroscopic	adj.	of or relating to or involving spectroscopy
spectroscopy	n.	the use of spectroscopes to analyze spectra
spectrum	n.	an ordered array of the components of an emission or wave
spectrum	n.	a broad range of related objects or values or qualities or ideas or activities
speculate	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
speculate	v.	talk over conjecturally, or review in an idle or casual way and with an element of doubt or without sufficient reason to reach a conclusion
speculate	v.	reflect deeply on a subject
speculate	v.	invest at a risk
speculation	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
speculation	n.	a hypothesis that has been formed by speculating or conjecturing (usually with little hard evidence)
speculation	n.	an investment that is very risky but could yield great profits
speculation	n.	continuous and profound contemplation or musing on a subject or series of subjects of a deep or abstruse nature
speculative	adj.	not financially safe or secure
speculative	adj.	not based on fact or investigation
speculative	adj.	showing curiosity
speculator	n.	someone who makes conjectures without knowing the facts
speculator	n.	someone who risks losses for the possibility of considerable gains
sped	v.	move fast
sped	v.	move faster
sped	v.	move very fast
sped	v.	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity
sped	v.	cause to move faster
speech	n.	the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience
speech	n.	(language) communication by word of mouth
speech	n.	something spoken
speech	n.	the exchange of spoken words
speech	n.	your characteristic style or manner of expressing yourself orally
speech	n.	a lengthy rebuke
speech	n.	words making up the dialogue of a play
speech	n.	the mental faculty or power of vocal communication
speechify	v.	make speeches; hold forth, or harangue with a certain degree of formality
speechless	adj.	temporarily incapable of speaking
speechlessness	n.	the property of being speechless
speechwriter	n.	a writer who composes speeches for others to deliver
speed	n.	distance travelled per unit time
speed	n.	a rate (usually rapid) at which something happens
speed	n.	changing location rapidly
speed	n.	the ratio of the focal length to the diameter of a (camera) lens system
speed	n.	a central nervous system stimulant that increases energy and decreases appetite; used to treat narcolepsy and some forms of depression
speed	v.	move fast
speed	v.	move faster
speed	v.	move very fast
speed	v.	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity
speed	v.	cause to move faster
speedboat	n.	a fast motorboat
speeder	n.	a driver who exceeds the safe speed limit
speedily	adv.	with rapid movements
speediness	n.	a rate that is rapid
speeding	n.	changing location rapidly
speeding	v.	move fast
speeding	v.	move faster
speeding	v.	move very fast
speeding	v.	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity
speeding	v.	cause to move faster
speedometer	n.	a meter fixed to a vehicle that measures and displays its speed
speedup	n.	the act of accelerating; increasing the speed
speedway	n.	road where high speed driving is allowed
speedway	n.	a racetrack for racing automobiles or motorcycles
speedwell	n.	any plant of the genus Veronica
speedy	adj.	characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed
speedy	adj.	accomplished rapidly and without delay
speer	n.	German Nazi architect who worked for Hitler (1905-1981)
speleologist	n.	a person who explores caves
speleology	n.	the scientific study of caves
speleology	n.	the pastime of exploring caves
spell	n.	a psychological state induced by (or as if induced by) a magical incantation
spell	n.	a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else)
spell	n.	a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action or condition
spell	n.	a verbal formula believed to have magical force
spell	v.	orally recite the letters of or give the spelling of
spell	v.	indicate or signify
spell	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
spell	v.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn
spell	v.	place under a spell
spell	v.	take turns working
spellbind	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
spellbind	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
spellbind	v.	put into a trance
spellbinder	n.	an orator who can hold his listeners spellbound
spellbound	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
spellbound	v.	attract strongly, as if with a magnet
spellbound	v.	put into a trance
spellbound	adj.	having your attention fixated as though by a spell
spelldown	n.	a contest in which you are eliminated if you fail to spell a word correctly
speller	n.	someone who spells words
speller	n.	an introductory textbook to teach spelling
spelling	n.	forming words with letters according to the principles underlying accepted usage
spelling	v.	orally recite the letters of or give the spelling of
spelling	v.	indicate or signify
spelling	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
spelling	v.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn
spelling	v.	place under a spell
spelling	v.	take turns working
spelunker	n.	a person who explores caves
spelunking	v.	explore natural caves
spencer	n.	English philosopher and sociologist who applied the theory of natural selection to human societies (1820-1903)
spend	v.	pass time in a specific way
spend	v.	pay out
spend	v.	spend completely
spender	n.	English poet and critic (1909-1995)
spender	n.	someone who spends money prodigally
spender	n.	someone who spends money to purchase goods or services
spending	n.	the act of spending or disbursing money
spending	n.	money paid out; an amount spent
spending	v.	pass time in a specific way
spending	v.	pay out
spending	v.	spend completely
spendthrift	n.	someone who spends money prodigally
spendthrift	adj.	recklessly wasteful
spengler	n.	German philosopher who argued that cultures grow and decay in cycles (1880-1936)
spenser	n.	English poet who wrote an allegorical romance celebrating Elizabeth I in the Spenserian stanza (1552-1599)
spent	v.	pass time in a specific way
spent	v.	pay out
spent	v.	spend completely
spent	adj.	depleted of energy, force, or strength
spent	adj.	drained of energy or effectiveness; extremely tired; completely exhausted
sperm	n.	the male reproductive cell; the male gamete
spermatozoa	n.	the male reproductive cell; the male gamete
spermatozoon	n.	the male reproductive cell; the male gamete
spermicidal	adj.	destructive to spermatozoa
spermicide	n.	a contraceptive agent that kills spermatozoa
sperry	n.	United States engineer and inventor of the gyrocompass (1860-1930)
spew	v.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth
spew	v.	eject or send out in large quantities, also metaphorical
spew	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
spewer	n.	a person who vomits
spf	n.	the degree to which a sunscreen protects the skin from the direct rays of the sun
sphagnum	n.	any of various pale or ashy mosses of the genus Sphagnum whose decomposed remains form peat
sphere	n.	a particular environment or walk of life
sphere	n.	any spherically shaped artifact
sphere	n.	the geographical area in which one nation is very influential
sphere	n.	a particular aspect of life or activity
sphere	n.	a solid figure bounded by a spherical surface (including the space it encloses)
sphere	n.	a three-dimensional closed surface such that every point on the surface is equidistant from the center
sphere	n.	the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
spherical	adj.	of or relating to spheres or resembling a sphere
spherical	adj.	having the shape of a sphere or ball; ; ; - Zane Grey
spheroid	n.	a shape that is generated by rotating an ellipse around one of its axes
spheroidal	adj.	having the nature or shape of an ellipsoid
sphincter	n.	a ring of muscle that contracts to close an opening
sphinx	n.	an inscrutable person who keeps his thoughts and intentions secret
sphinx	n.	(Greek mythology) a riddling winged monster with a woman's head and breast on a lion's body; daughter of Typhon
sphinx	n.	one of a number of large stone statues with the body of a lion and the head of a man that were built by the ancient Egyptians
spic	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for persons of Latin American descent
spic	adj.	completely neat and clean
spica	n.	the brightest star in Virgo
spice	n.	aromatic substances of vegetable origin used as a preservative
spice	n.	any of a variety of pungent aromatic vegetable substances used for flavoring food
spice	n.	the property of being seasoned with spice and so highly flavored
spice	v.	make more interesting or flavorful
spice	v.	add herbs or spices to
spicily	adv.	with strong spices; in a spicy manner
spiciness	n.	the property of being seasoned with spice and so highly flavored
spiciness	n.	behavior or language bordering on indelicacy
spicule	n.	small pointed structure serving as a skeletal element in various marine and freshwater invertebrates e.g. sponges and corals
spicy	adj.	having an agreeably pungent taste
spicy	adj.	producing a burning sensation on the taste nerves
spicy	adj.	suggestive of sexual impropriety
spider	n.	predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usually two silk-spinning organs at the back end of the body; they spin silk to make cocoons for eggs or traps for prey
spider	n.	a computer program that prowls the internet looking for publicly accessible resources that can be added to a database; the database can then be searched with a search engine
spider	n.	a skillet made of cast iron
spidery	adj.	relating to or resembling a member of the class Arachnida
spiel	n.	plausible glib talk (especially useful to a salesperson)
spiel	v.	replay (as a melody)
spiel	v.	speak at great length (about something)
spielberg	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1947)
spiff	n.	attractiveness in appearance or dress or manner
spiffy	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
spigot	n.	a plug for a bunghole in a cask
spigot	n.	a regulator for controlling the flow of a liquid from a reservoir
spike	n.	a transient variation in voltage or current
spike	n.	sports equipment consisting of a sharp point on the sole of a shoe worn by athletes
spike	n.	fruiting spike of a cereal plant especially corn
spike	n.	(botany) an indeterminate inflorescence bearing sessile flowers on an unbranched axis
spike	n.	a sharp rise followed by a sharp decline
spike	n.	a very high narrow heel on women's shoes
spike	n.	each of the sharp points on the soles of athletic shoes to prevent slipping (or the shoes themselves)
spike	n.	a sharp-pointed projection along the top of a fence or wall (or a dinosaur)
spike	n.	a long, thin sharp-pointed implement (wood or metal)
spike	n.	any holding device consisting of a rigid, sharp-pointed object
spike	n.	a large stout nail
spike	v.	stand in the way of
spike	v.	pierce with a sharp stake or point
spike	v.	secure with spikes
spike	v.	bring forth a spike or spikes
spike	v.	add alcohol to (beverages)
spike	v.	manifest a sharp increase
spiky	adj.	having or as if having especially high-pitched spots
spill	n.	liquid that is spilled
spill	n.	a channel that carries excess water over or around a dam or other obstruction
spill	n.	the act of allowing a fluid to escape
spill	n.	a sudden drop from an upright position
spill	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
spill	v.	flow, run or fall out and become lost
spill	v.	cause or allow (a solid substance) to flow or run out or over
spill	v.	pour out in drops or small quantities or as if in drops or small quantities
spill	v.	reveal information
spill	v.	reduce the pressure of wind on (a sail)
spillage	n.	the amount that has spilled
spillage	n.	the act of allowing a fluid to escape
spillane	n.	United States writer of popular detective novels (born in 1918)
spillover	n.	(economics) any indirect effect of public expenditure
spillway	n.	a channel that carries excess water over or around a dam or other obstruction
spin	n.	a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile)
spin	n.	the act of rotating rapidly
spin	n.	a short drive in a car
spin	n.	rapid descent of an aircraft in a steep spiral
spin	n.	a distinctive interpretation (especially as used by politicians to sway public opinion)
spin	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
spin	v.	stream in jets, of liquids
spin	v.	cause to spin
spin	v.	make up a story
spin	v.	form a web by making a thread
spin	v.	work natural fibers into a thread
spin	v.	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation
spin	v.	prolong or extend
spinach	n.	southwestern Asian plant widely cultivated for its succulent edible dark green leaves
spinach	n.	dark green leaves; eaten cooked or raw in salads
spinal	n.	anesthesia of the lower half of the body; caused by injury to the spinal cord or by injecting an anesthetic beneath the arachnoid membrane that surrounds the spinal cord
spinal	adj.	of or relating to the spine or spinal cord
spindle	n.	(biology) tiny fibers that are seen in cell division; the fibers radiate from two poles and meet at the equator in the middle
spindle	n.	a piece of wood that has been turned on a lathe; used as a baluster, chair leg, etc.
spindle	n.	any of various rotating shafts that serve as axes for larger rotating parts
spindle	n.	a stick or pin used to twist the yarn in spinning
spindle	n.	any holding device consisting of a rigid, sharp-pointed object
spindly	adj.	long and lean
spine	n.	the series of vertebrae forming the axis of the skeleton and protecting the spinal cord
spine	n.	any sharply pointed projection
spine	n.	a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf
spine	n.	the part of a book's cover that encloses the inner side of the book's pages and that faces outward when the book is shelved
spine	n.	a sharp rigid animal process or appendage; as a porcupine quill or a ridge on a bone or a ray of a fish fin
spineless	adj.	weak in willpower, courage or vitality
spineless	adj.	lacking a backbone or spinal column
spineless	adj.	lacking spiny processes
spineless	adj.	lacking thorns
spinet	n.	a small and compactly built upright piano
spinet	n.	early model harpsichord with only one string per note
spinnaker	n.	a large and usually triangular headsail; carried by a yacht as a headsail when running before the wind
spinner	n.	someone who spins (who twists fibers into threads)
spinner	n.	board game equipment that consists of a dial and an arrow that is spun to determine the next move in the game
spinner	n.	fisherman's lure; revolves when drawn through the water
spinney	n.	a copse that shelters game
spinning	n.	creating thread
spinning	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
spinning	v.	stream in jets, of liquids
spinning	v.	cause to spin
spinning	v.	make up a story
spinning	v.	form a web by making a thread
spinning	v.	work natural fibers into a thread
spinning	v.	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation
spinning	v.	prolong or extend
spinoza	n.	Dutch philosopher who espoused a pantheistic system (1632-1677)
spinster	n.	an elderly unmarried woman
spinster	n.	someone who spins (who twists fibers into threads)
spinsterhood	n.	the state of being a spinster (usually an elderly unmarried woman)
spiny	adj.	having spines
spiny	adj.	having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns or setae etc.
spiracle	n.	a breathing orifice
spiral	n.	a plane curve traced by a point circling about the center but at increasing distances from the center
spiral	n.	a curve that lies on the surface of a cylinder or cone and cuts the element at a constant angle
spiral	n.	a continuously accelerating change in the economy
spiral	n.	ornament consisting of a curve on a plane that winds around a center with an increasing distance from the center
spiral	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
spiral	n.	flying downward in a helical path with a large radius
spiral	v.	to wind or move in a spiral course
spiral	v.	form a spiral
spiral	v.	move in a spiral or zigzag course
spiral	adj.	in the shape of a coil
spire	n.	a tall tower that forms the superstructure of a building (usually a church or temple) and that tapers to a point at the top
spirea	n.	a Japanese shrub that resembles members of the genus Spiraea; widely cultivated in many varieties for its dense panicles of flowers in many colors; often forced by florists for Easter blooming
spirea	n.	any rosaceous plant of the genus Spiraea; has sprays of small white or pink flowers
spirit	n.	the vital principle or animating force within living things
spirit	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
spirit	n.	a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one's character
spirit	n.	any incorporeal supernatural being that can become visible (or audible) to human beings
spirit	n.	the state of a person's emotions (especially with regard to pleasure or dejection)
spirit	n.	the intended meaning of a communication
spirit	n.	animation and energy in action or expression
spirit	n.	an inclination or tendency of a certain kind
spirit	v.	infuse with spirit
spirited	v.	infuse with spirit
spirited	adj.	displaying animation, vigor, or liveliness
spirited	adj.	marked by lively action
spirited	adj.	willing to face danger
spirited	adj.	made lively or spirited
spiritless	adj.	lacking ardor or vigor or energy
spiritless	adj.	evidencing little spirit or courage; overly submissive or compliant; ; - Orville Prescott
spiritual	n.	a kind of religious song originated by Blacks in the southern United States
spiritual	adj.	concerned with sacred matters or religion or the church
spiritual	adj.	concerned with or affecting the spirit or soul
spiritual	adj.	lacking material body or form or substance; ; -Lewis Mumford
spiritual	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a phantom
spiritualism	n.	(theology) any doctrine that asserts the separate existence of God
spiritualism	n.	the belief that the spirits of dead people can communicate with people who are still alive (especially via a medium)
spiritualism	n.	concern with things of the spirit
spiritualist	n.	someone who serves as an intermediary between the living and the dead
spiritualist	adj.	of or relating to or connected with spiritualism
spiritualistic	adj.	of or relating to or connected with spiritualism
spirituality	n.	property or income owned by a church
spirituality	n.	concern with things of the spirit
spirituous	adj.	containing or of the nature of alcohol
spirochete	n.	parasitic or free-living bacteria; many pathogenic to humans and other animals
spirograph	n.	a measuring instrument for recording the depth and rapidity of breathing movements
spit	n.	a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea
spit	n.	a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glands of the mouth; moistens the mouth and starts the digestion of starches
spit	n.	a skewer for holding meat over a fire
spit	n.	the act of spitting (forcefully expelling saliva)
spit	v.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth
spit	v.	utter with anger or contempt
spit	v.	rain gently
spit	v.	drive a skewer through
spitball	n.	a projectile made by chewing a piece of paper and shaping it into a sphere
spitball	n.	an illegal pitch in which a foreign substance (spit or Vaseline) is applied to the ball by the pitcher before he throws it
spite	n.	feeling a need to see others suffer
spite	n.	malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty
spite	v.	hurt the feelings of
spiteful	adj.	showing malicious ill will and a desire to hurt; motivated by spite
spitefulness	n.	feeling a need to see others suffer
spitefulness	n.	malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty
spitfire	n.	a highly emotional and quick-tempered person (especially a girl or woman)
spitsbergen	n.	islands in the Svalbard archipelago to the east of northern Greenland; belonging to Norway
spitted	v.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth
spitted	v.	utter with anger or contempt
spitted	v.	rain gently
spitted	v.	drive a skewer through
spitting	n.	the act of spitting (forcefully expelling saliva)
spitting	v.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth
spitting	v.	utter with anger or contempt
spitting	v.	rain gently
spitting	v.	drive a skewer through
spittle	n.	a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glands of the mouth; moistens the mouth and starts the digestion of starches
spittoon	n.	a receptacle for spit (usually in a public place)
spitz	n.	any of various stocky heavy-coated breeds of dogs native to northern regions having pointed muzzles and erect ears with a curled furry tail
spiv	n.	a person without employment who makes money by various dubious schemes; goes about smartly dressed and having a good time
splanchnic	adj.	relating to or affecting the viscera
splash	n.	the sound like water splashing
splash	n.	a prominent or sensational but short-lived news event
splash	n.	a small quantity of something moist or liquid
splash	n.	a patch of bright color
splash	n.	the act of splashing a (liquid) substance on a surface
splash	n.	the act of scattering water about haphazardly
splash	v.	cause (a liquid) to spatter about, especially with force
splash	v.	walk through mud or mire
splash	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
splash	v.	mark or overlay with patches of contrasting color or texture; cause to appear splashed or spattered
splash	v.	make a splashing sound
splash	v.	soil or stain with a splashed liquid
splash	v.	strike and dash about in a liquid
splashdown	n.	a landing of a spacecraft in the sea at the end of a space flight
splashiness	n.	lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity
splashy	adj.	characterized by water flying about haphazardly
splashy	adj.	marked by ostentation but often tasteless
splashy	adj.	covered with patches of bright color
splat	n.	a single splash
splat	n.	a slat of wood in the middle of the back of a straight chair
splat	v.	give off the sound of a bullet flattening on impact
splat	v.	split open and flatten for cooking
splat	v.	flatten on impact
splatter	n.	the noise of something spattering or sputtering explosively
splatter	n.	a small quantity of something moist or liquid
splatter	v.	cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container
splatter	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
splay	n.	an outward bevel around a door or window that makes it seem larger
splay	v.	spread open or apart
splay	v.	turn outward
splay	v.	move out of position
splay	adj.	turned outward in an ungainly manner
splayfeet	n.	a foot afflicted with a fallen arch; abnormally flattened and spread out
splayfoot	n.	a foot afflicted with a fallen arch; abnormally flattened and spread out
splayfoot	adj.	having feet that turn outward
spleen	n.	a large dark-red oval organ on the left side of the body between the stomach and the diaphragm; produces cells involved in immune responses
spleen	n.	a feeling of resentful anger
splendid	adj.	having great beauty and splendor
splendid	adj.	very good;of the highest quality
splendid	adj.	characterized by grandeur
splendor	n.	a quality that outshines the usual
splendor	n.	the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
splenectomy	n.	surgical removal of the spleen
splenetic	adj.	of or relating to the spleen
splenetic	adj.	very irritable
splice	n.	a junction where two things (as paper or film or magnetic tape) have been joined together
splice	n.	joint made by overlapping two ends and joining them together
splice	v.	join the ends of
splice	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
splice	v.	join together so as to form new genetic combinations
splice	v.	join by interweaving strands
splicer	n.	a woodworker who joins pieces of wood with a splice
splicer	n.	a worker who splices ropes together by interweaving strands
splicer	n.	a mechanical device for joining two pieces of paper or film or magnetic tape
spliff	n.	marijuana leaves rolled into a cigarette for smoking
spline	n.	a flexible strip (wood or rubber) used in drawing curved lines
spline	n.	a thin strip (wood or metal)
splint	n.	a thin sliver of wood
splint	n.	an orthopedic mechanical device used to immobilize and protect a part of the body (as a broken leg)
splint	v.	support with a splint
splinter	n.	a small thin sharp bit or wood or glass or metal
splinter	v.	withdraw from an organization or communion
splinter	v.	divide into slivers or splinters
splinter	v.	break up into splinters or slivers
splintery	adj.	subject to breaking into sharp slender pieces
splintery	adj.	resembling or consisting of or embedded with long slender fragments of (especially) wood having sharp points
split	n.	extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other in back)
split	n.	a bottle containing half the usual amount
split	n.	a promised or claimed share of loot or money
split	n.	a lengthwise crack in wood
split	n.	an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart
split	n.	an old Croatian city on the Adriatic Sea
split	n.	a dessert of sliced fruit and ice cream covered with whipped cream and cherries and nuts
split	n.	(tenpin bowling) a divided formation of pins left standing after the first bowl
split	n.	an increase in the number of outstanding shares of a corporation without changing the shareholders' equity
split	n.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something
split	n.	division of a group into opposing factions
split	v.	separate into parts or portions
split	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
split	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
split	v.	go one's own way; move apart
split	v.	come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure
split	adj.	having been divided; having the unity destroyed; -Samuel Lubell; - E.B.White
split	adj.	(especially of wood) cut or ripped longitudinally with the grain
splitting	v.	separate into parts or portions
splitting	v.	separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument
splitting	v.	discontinue an association or relation; go different ways
splitting	v.	go one's own way; move apart
splitting	v.	come open suddenly and violently, as if from internal pressure
splitting	adj.	resembling a sound of violent tearing as of something ripped apart or lightning splitting a tree
splodge	n.	an irregularly shaped spot
splosh	v.	make a splashing sound
splosh	v.	walk through mud or mire
splosh	v.	cause (a liquid) to spatter about, especially with force
splosh	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
splotch	n.	an irregularly shaped spot
splotch	v.	blotch or spot
splurge	n.	an ostentatious display (of effort or extravagance etc.)
splurge	n.	any act of immoderate indulgence
splurge	v.	indulge oneself
splurge	v.	be showy or ostentatious
splutter	n.	the noise of something spattering or sputtering explosively
splutter	n.	an utterance (of words) with spitting sounds (as in rage)
splutter	v.	utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage
splutter	v.	spit up in an explosive manner
spock	n.	United States pediatrician whose many books on child care influenced the upbringing of children around the world (1903-1998)
spoil	n.	(usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war)
spoil	n.	the act of spoiling something by causing damage to it
spoil	n.	the act of stripping and taking by force
spoil	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
spoil	v.	become unfit for consumption or use
spoil	v.	alter from the original
spoil	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
spoil	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
spoil	v.	have a strong desire or urge to do something
spoil	v.	destroy and strip of its possession
spoil	v.	make imperfect
spoilage	n.	the amount that has spoiled
spoilage	n.	the process of becoming spoiled
spoilage	n.	the act of spoiling something by causing damage to it
spoiled	v.	make a mess of, destroy or ruin
spoiled	v.	become unfit for consumption or use
spoiled	v.	alter from the original
spoiled	v.	treat with excessive indulgence
spoiled	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
spoiled	v.	have a strong desire or urge to do something
spoiled	v.	destroy and strip of its possession
spoiled	v.	make imperfect
spoiled	adj.	having the character or disposition harmed by pampering or oversolicitous attention
spoiled	adj.	(of foodstuffs) not in an edible or usable condition
spoiler	n.	a candidate with no chance of winning but who may draw enough votes to prevent one of the leading candidates from winning
spoiler	n.	someone who takes spoils or plunder (as in war)
spoiler	n.	someone who pampers or spoils by excessive indulgence
spoiler	n.	an airfoil mounted on the rear of a car to reduce lift at high speeds
spoiler	n.	a hinged airfoil on the upper surface of an aircraft wing that is raised to reduce lift and increase drag
spoilsport	n.	someone who spoils the pleasure of others
spokane	n.	a city in eastern Washington near the Idaho border
spoke	n.	support consisting of a radial member of a wheel joining the hub to the rim
spoke	n.	one of the crosspieces that form the steps of a ladder
spoke	v.	express in speech
spoke	v.	exchange thoughts; talk with
spoke	v.	use language
spoke	v.	give a speech to
spoke	v.	make a characteristic or natural sound
spoken	v.	express in speech
spoken	v.	exchange thoughts; talk with
spoken	v.	use language
spoken	v.	give a speech to
spoken	v.	make a characteristic or natural sound
spoken	adj.	uttered through the medium of speech or characterized by speech; sometimes used in combination
spokesman	n.	a male spokesperson
spokesmen	n.	a male spokesperson
spokesperson	n.	an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose
spokeswoman	n.	a female spokesperson
spokeswomen	n.	a female spokesperson
spoliation	n.	(law) the intentional destruction of a document or an alteration of it that destroys its value as evidence
spoliation	n.	the act of stripping and taking by force
sponge	n.	a porous mass of interlacing fibers that forms the internal skeleton of various marine animals and usable to absorb water or any porous rubber or cellulose product similarly used
sponge	n.	someone able to acquire new knowledge and skills rapidly and easily
sponge	n.	a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage
sponge	n.	primitive multicellular marine animal whose porous body is supported by a fibrous skeletal framework; usually occurs in sessile colonies
sponge	v.	wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten
sponge	v.	ask for and get free; be a parasite
sponge	v.	erase with a sponge; as of words on a blackboard
sponge	v.	soak up with a sponge
sponge	v.	gather sponges, in the ocean
sponger	n.	a workman employed to collect sponges
sponger	n.	a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage
sponginess	n.	the porosity of a sponge
sponginess	n.	the property of being able to occupy less space
spongy	adj.	easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility
spongy	adj.	like a sponge in being able to absorb liquids and yield it back when compressed
sponsor	n.	someone who supports or champions something
sponsor	n.	an advocate who presents a person (as for an award or a degree or an introduction etc.)
sponsor	v.	assume sponsorship of
sponsor	v.	assume responsibility for or leadership of
sponsor	v.	do one's shopping at; do business with; be a customer or client of
sponsorship	n.	the act of sponsoring (either officially or financially)
spontaneity	n.	the quality of being spontaneous and coming from natural feelings without constraint
spontaneous	adj.	happening or arising without apparent external cause
spontaneous	adj.	said or done without having been planned or written in advance
spoof	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
spoof	v.	make a parody of
spook	n.	someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
spook	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
spook	v.	frighten or scare, and often provoke into a violent action
spooky	adj.	unpredictably excitable (especially of horses)
spool	n.	a winder around which thread or tape or film or other flexible materials can be wound
spool	v.	transfer data intended for a peripheral device (usually a printer) into temporary storage
spool	v.	wind onto a spool or a reel
spoon	n.	a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to stir or serve or take up food
spoon	n.	as much as a spoon will hold
spoon	n.	formerly a golfing wood with an elevated face
spoon	v.	scoop up or take up with a spoon
spoon	v.	snuggle and lie in a position where one person faces the back of the others
spoonbill	n.	wading birds having a long flat bill with a tip like a spoon
spoonerism	n.	transposition of initial consonants in a pair of words
spoonful	n.	as much as a spoon will hold
spoor	n.	the trail left by a person or an animal; what the hunter follows in pursuing game
sporadic	adj.	recurring in scattered and irregular or unpredictable instances
sporadically	adv.	in a sporadic manner
spore	n.	a small usually single-celled asexual reproductive body produced by many nonflowering plants and fungi and some bacteria and protozoans and that are capable of developing into a new individual without sexual fusion
sporran	n.	a fur or leather pouch worn at the front of the kilt as part of the traditional dress of Scottish Highlanders
sport	n.	an active diversion requiring physical exertion and competition
sport	n.	the occupation of athletes who compete for pay
sport	n.	(Maine colloquial) a temporary summer resident of Maine
sport	n.	a person known for the way she (or he) behaves when teased or defeated or subjected to trying circumstances
sport	n.	someone who engages in sports
sport	n.	(biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration
sport	n.	verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously)
sport	v.	wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner
sport	v.	play boisterously
sporting	v.	wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner
sporting	v.	play boisterously
sporting	adj.	exhibiting or calling for sportsmanship or fair play
sporting	adj.	relating to or used in sports
sporting	adj.	involving risk or willingness to take a risk
sporting	adj.	preoccupied with the pursuit of pleasure and especially games of chance
sportive	adj.	relating to or interested in sports
sportive	adj.	given to merry frolicking
sportscast	n.	a broadcast of sports news or commentary
sportscast	v.	broadcast a sports event
sportscaster	n.	an announcer who reads sports news or describes sporting events
sportsman	n.	someone who engages in sports
sportsmanlike	adj.	exhibiting or calling for sportsmanship or fair play
sportsmanship	n.	fairness in following the rules of the game
sportsmen	n.	someone who engages in sports
sportswear	n.	attire worn for sport or for casual wear
sportswoman	n.	someone who engages in sports
sportswomen	n.	someone who engages in sports
sportswriter	n.	a journalist who writes about sports
sporty	adj.	exhibiting or calling for sportsmanship or fair play
sporty	adj.	(used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display
sporty	adj.	appropriate for sport or engagement in a sport
spot	n.	a point located with respect to surface features of some region
spot	n.	a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a magazine) that is often used for advertising
spot	n.	an outstanding characteristic
spot	n.	a blemish made by dirt
spot	n.	a small contrasting part of something
spot	n.	a section of an entertainment that is assigned to a specific performer or performance
spot	n.	a business establishment for entertainment
spot	n.	a job in an organization
spot	n.	a slight attack of illness
spot	n.	a small piece or quantity of something
spot	n.	a mark on a die or on a playing card (shape depending on the suit)
spot	n.	a lamp that produces a strong beam of light to illuminate a restricted area; used to focus attention of a stage performer
spot	n.	a playing card with a specified number of pips on it to indicate its value
spot	n.	an act that brings discredit to the person who does it
spot	v.	catch sight of
spot	v.	detect with the senses
spot	v.	mar or impair with a flaw
spot	v.	make a spot or mark onto
spot	v.	become spotted
spot	v.	mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition
spotless	adj.	completely neat and clean
spotlessness	n.	the state of being spotlessly clean
spotlight	n.	a focus of public attention
spotlight	n.	a lamp that produces a strong beam of light to illuminate a restricted area; used to focus attention of a stage performer
spotlight	v.	move into the foreground to make more visible or prominent
spotlight	v.	illuminate with a spotlight, as in the theater
spotlit	v.	move into the foreground to make more visible or prominent
spotlit	v.	illuminate with a spotlight, as in the theater
spotted	v.	catch sight of
spotted	v.	detect with the senses
spotted	v.	mar or impair with a flaw
spotted	v.	make a spot or mark onto
spotted	v.	become spotted
spotted	v.	mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition
spotted	adj.	having spots or patches (small areas of contrasting color or texture)
spotter	n.	a worker employed at a dry-cleaning establishment to remove spots
spotter	n.	a worker employed to apply spots (as markers or identifiers)
spotter	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
spotter	n.	someone who is the first to observe something
spotting	n.	the act of spotting or staining something
spotting	n.	the act of detecting something; catching sight of something
spotting	v.	catch sight of
spotting	v.	detect with the senses
spotting	v.	mar or impair with a flaw
spotting	v.	make a spot or mark onto
spotting	v.	become spotted
spotting	v.	mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition
spotty	adj.	having spots or patches (small areas of contrasting color or texture)
spotty	adj.	lacking consistency
spousal	adj.	of or relating to a wedding
spousal	adj.	relating to a spouse
spouse	n.	a person's partner in marriage
spout	n.	an opening that allows the passage of liquids or grain
spout	v.	gush forth in a sudden stream or jet
spout	v.	talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner
sprain	n.	a painful injury to a joint caused by a sudden wrenching of its ligaments
sprain	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
sprang	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
sprang	v.	develop into a distinctive entity
sprang	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
sprang	v.	develop suddenly
sprang	v.	produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly
sprat	n.	small fatty European fish; usually smoked or canned like sardines
sprat	n.	small herring processed like a sardine
sprawl	n.	an aggregation or continuous network of urban communities
sprawl	n.	an ungainly posture with arms and legs spread about
sprawl	v.	sit or lie with one's limbs spread out
sprawl	v.	go, come, or spread in a rambling or irregular way
spray	n.	a pesticide in suspension or solution; intended for spraying
spray	n.	a quantity of small objects flying through the air
spray	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a single branch or shoot bearing flowers and foliage
spray	n.	a dispenser that turns a liquid (such as perfume) into a fine mist
spray	n.	water in small drops in the atmosphere; blown from waves or thrown up by a waterfall
spray	n.	a jet of vapor
spray	v.	be discharged in sprays of liquid
spray	v.	scatter in a mass or jet of droplets
spray	v.	cover by spraying with a liquid
sprayer	n.	a worker who applies spray to a surface
sprayer	n.	a dispenser that turns a liquid (such as perfume) into a fine mist
spread	n.	process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space
spread	n.	a conspicuous disparity or difference as between two figures
spread	n.	farm consisting of a large tract of land along with facilities needed to raise livestock (especially cattle)
spread	n.	a haphazard distribution in all directions
spread	n.	a tasty mixture to be spread on bread or crackers or used in preparing other dishes
spread	n.	a meal that is well prepared and greatly enjoyed
spread	n.	two facing pages of a book or other publication
spread	n.	the expansion of a person's girth (especially at middle age)
spread	n.	decorative cover for a bed
spread	n.	act of extending over a wider scope or expanse of space or time
spread	v.	distribute or disperse widely
spread	v.	become distributed or widespread
spread	v.	spread across or over
spread	v.	spread out or open from a closed or folded state
spread	v.	cause to become widely known
spread	v.	become widely known and passed on
spread	v.	strew or distribute over an area
spread	v.	move outward
spread	v.	cover by spreading something over
spread	v.	distribute over a surface in a layer
spread	adj.	distributed or spread over a considerable extent
spread	adj.	prepared or arranged for a meal; especially having food set out
spread	adj.	fully extended in width
spreadeagled	v.	defeat disastrously
spreader	n.	a hand tool for spreading something
spreader	n.	a mechanical device for scattering something (seed or fertilizer or sand etc.) in all directions
spreadsheet	n.	a screen-oriented interactive program enabling a user to lay out financial data on the screen
spree	n.	a brief indulgence of your impulses
spree	v.	engage without restraint in an activity and indulge, as when shopping
spreeing	v.	engage without restraint in an activity and indulge, as when shopping
sprig	n.	a small branch or division of a branch (especially a terminal division); usually applied to branches of the current or preceding year
sprig	n.	an ornament that resembles a spray of leaves or flowers
sprigged	adj.	decorated with designs of sprigs
sprightliness	n.	animation and energy in action or expression
sprightly	adj.	full of spirit and vitality
spring	n.	the season of growth
spring	n.	a metal elastic device that returns to its shape or position when pushed or pulled or pressed
spring	n.	a natural flow of ground water
spring	n.	a point at which water issues forth
spring	n.	the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length
spring	n.	a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards
spring	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
spring	v.	develop into a distinctive entity
spring	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
spring	v.	develop suddenly
spring	v.	produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly
springboard	n.	a flexible board for jumping upward
springboard	n.	a beginning from which an enterprise is launched
springbok	n.	a South African gazelle noted for springing lightly into the air
springfield	n.	capital of the state of Illinois
springfield	n.	a city of southwestern Missouri
springfield	n.	a city and manufacturing center in southwestern Massachusetts on the Connecticut River
springiness	n.	the elasticity of something that can be stretched and returns to its original length
springlike	adj.	resembling a spring or the action of a spring
springtime	n.	the season of growth
springy	adj.	elastic; rebounds readily
springy	adj.	(of movements) light and confidently active
sprinkle	n.	a light shower that falls in some locations and not others nearby
sprinkle	n.	the act of sprinkling or splashing water
sprinkle	v.	distribute loosely
sprinkle	v.	cause (a liquid) to spatter about, especially with force
sprinkle	v.	rain gently
sprinkle	v.	scatter with liquid; wet lightly
sprinkler	n.	mechanical device that attaches to a garden hose for watering lawn or garden
sprinkling	n.	a small number (of something) dispersed haphazardly
sprinkling	n.	a light shower that falls in some locations and not others nearby
sprinkling	n.	the act of sprinkling water in baptism (rare)
sprinkling	n.	the act of sprinkling or splashing water
sprinkling	v.	distribute loosely
sprinkling	v.	cause (a liquid) to spatter about, especially with force
sprinkling	v.	rain gently
sprinkling	v.	scatter with liquid; wet lightly
sprint	n.	a quick run
sprint	v.	run very fast, usually for a short distance
sprinter	n.	someone who runs a short distance at top speed
sprite	n.	a small being, human in form, playful and having magical powers
spritz	n.	a quick squirt of some liquid (usually carbonated water)
spritz	v.	eject (a liquid) quickly
spritz	v.	cover (a location) wholly or partially by squirting a liquid onto it
spritzer	n.	a mixed drink made of wine mixed with a sparkling water
sprocket	n.	roller that has teeth on the rims to pull film or paper through
sprocket	n.	thin wheel with teeth that engage with a chain
sprocket	n.	tooth on the rim of gear wheel
sprog	n.	a new military recruit
sprog	n.	a child
sprout	n.	any new growth of a plant such as a new branch or a bud
sprout	n.	a newly grown bud (especially from a germinating seed)
sprout	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
sprout	v.	put forth and grow sprouts or shoots
spruce	n.	light soft moderately strong wood of spruce trees; used especially for timbers and millwork
spruce	n.	any coniferous tree of the genus Picea
spruce	v.	make neat, smart, or trim
spruce	v.	dress and groom with particular care, as for a special occasion
spruce	adj.	marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners
spruceness	n.	the state of being neat and smart and trim
sprung	v.	move forward by leaps and bounds
sprung	v.	develop into a distinctive entity
sprung	v.	spring back; spring away from an impact
sprung	v.	develop suddenly
sprung	v.	produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly
spry	adj.	moving quickly and lightly
spud	n.	an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland
spud	n.	a sharp hand shovel for digging out roots and weeds
spud	v.	initiate drilling operations, as for petroleum
spud	v.	produce buds, branches, or germinate
spume	n.	foam or froth on the sea
spume	v.	make froth or foam and become bubbly
spumy	adj.	emitting or filled with bubbles as from carbonation or fermentation
spun	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
spun	v.	stream in jets, of liquids
spun	v.	cause to spin
spun	v.	make up a story
spun	v.	form a web by making a thread
spun	v.	work natural fibers into a thread
spun	v.	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation
spun	v.	prolong or extend
spunk	n.	material for starting a fire
spunk	n.	the courage to carry on
spunky	adj.	showing courage
spunky	adj.	willing to face danger
spur	n.	a verbalization that encourages you to attempt something
spur	n.	any sharply pointed projection
spur	n.	tubular extension at the base of the corolla in some flowers
spur	n.	a sharp prod fixed to a rider's heel and used to urge a horse onward
spur	n.	a railway line connected to a trunk line
spur	v.	incite or stimulate
spur	v.	give heart or courage to
spur	v.	strike with a spur
spur	v.	goad with spurs
spur	v.	equip with spurs
spurge	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Euphorbia; usually having milky often poisonous juice
spurious	adj.	plausible but false
spurious	adj.	born out of wedlock; - E.A.Freeman
spurious	adj.	intended to deceive
spuriousness	n.	state of lacking genuineness
spurn	v.	reject with contempt
spurred	v.	incite or stimulate
spurred	v.	give heart or courage to
spurred	v.	strike with a spur
spurred	v.	goad with spurs
spurred	v.	equip with spurs
spurring	n.	a verbalization that encourages you to attempt something
spurring	v.	incite or stimulate
spurring	v.	give heart or courage to
spurring	v.	strike with a spur
spurring	v.	goad with spurs
spurring	v.	equip with spurs
spurt	n.	the occurrence of a sudden discharge (as of liquid)
spurt	v.	gush forth in a sudden stream or jet
spurt	v.	move or act with a sudden increase in speed or energy
sputa	n.	expectorated matter; saliva mixed with discharges from the respiratory passages; in ancient and medieval physiology it was believed to cause sluggishness
sputnik	n.	a Russian artificial satellite
sputter	n.	the noise of something spattering or sputtering explosively
sputter	n.	an utterance (of words) with spitting sounds (as in rage)
sputter	v.	make an explosive sound
sputter	v.	cause to undergo a process in which atoms are removed
sputter	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
sputter	v.	utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage
sputter	v.	spit up in an explosive manner
sputum	n.	expectorated matter; saliva mixed with discharges from the respiratory passages; in ancient and medieval physiology it was believed to cause sluggishness
spy	n.	(military) a secret agent hired by a state to obtain information about its enemies or by a business to obtain industrial secrets from competitors
spy	n.	a secret watcher; someone who secretly watches other people
spy	v.	catch sight of
spy	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
spy	v.	catch sight of; to perceive with the eyes
spy	v.	secretly collect sensitive or classified information; engage in espionage
spyglass	n.	a small refracting telescope
spymaster	n.	someone who directs clandestine intelligence activities
spyware	n.	computer software that obtains information from a user's computer without the user's knowledge or consent
squab	n.	flesh of a pigeon suitable for roasting or braising; flesh of a dove (young squab) may be broiled
squab	n.	a soft padded sofa
squab	n.	an unfledged pigeon
squab	adj.	short and fat
squabble	n.	a quarrel about petty points
squabble	v.	argue over petty things
squabbler	n.	someone who quarrels about a small matter
squad	n.	a smallest army unit
squad	n.	a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
squad	n.	a small squad of policemen trained to deal with a particular kind of crime
squadron	n.	a cavalry unit consisting of two or more troops and headquarters and supporting arms
squadron	n.	an air force unit larger than a flight and smaller than a group
squadron	n.	a naval unit that is detached from the fleet for a particular task
squalid	adj.	morally degraded; ; ; ; - Seattle Weekly; - James Joyce
squalid	adj.	foul and run-down and repulsive
squalidness	n.	sordid dirtiness
squall	n.	sudden violent winds; often accompanied by precipitation
squall	v.	make high-pitched, whiney noises
squall	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
squall	v.	blow in a squall
squally	adj.	characterized by short periods of noisy commotion
squally	adj.	characterized by brief periods of violent wind or rain
squalor	n.	sordid dirtiness
squander	v.	spend thoughtlessly; throw away
squander	v.	spend extravagantly
square	n.	(geometry) a plane rectangle with four equal sides and four right angles; a four-sided regular polygon
square	n.	the product of two equal terms
square	n.	an open area at the meeting of two or more streets
square	n.	something approximating the shape of a square
square	n.	someone who doesn't understand what is going on
square	n.	a formal and conservative person with old-fashioned views
square	n.	any artifact having a shape similar to a plane geometric figure with four equal sides and four right angles
square	n.	a hand tool consisting of two straight arms at right angles; used to construct or test right angles
square	v.	make square
square	v.	raise to the second power
square	v.	cause to match, as of ideas or acts
square	v.	position so as to be square
square	v.	be compatible with
square	v.	pay someone and settle a debt
square	v.	turn the paddle; in canoeing
square	v.	turn the oar, while rowing
square	adj.	having four equal sides and four right angles or forming a right angle
square	adj.	characterized by honesty and fairness
square	adj.	providing abundant nourishment
square	adj.	leaving no balance
square	adj.	without evasion or compromise
square	adj.	rigidly conventional or old-fashioned
square	adv.	in a straight direct way
square	adv.	in a square shape
square	adv.	firmly and solidly
squareness	n.	the property of being shaped like a square
squarish	adj.	somewhat square in appearance or form
squash	n.	any of numerous annual trailing plants of the genus Cucurbita grown for their fleshy edible fruits
squash	n.	edible fruit of a squash plant; eaten as a vegetable
squash	n.	a game played in an enclosed court by two or four players who strike the ball with long-handled rackets
squash	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
squashy	adj.	like a pulp or overripe; not having stiffness
squashy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
squashy	adj.	easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility
squat	n.	exercising by repeatedly assuming a crouching position with the knees bent; strengthens the leg muscles
squat	n.	a small worthless amount
squat	n.	the act of assuming or maintaining a crouching position with the knees bent and the buttocks near the heels
squat	v.	sit on one's heels
squat	v.	be close to the earth, or be disproportionately wide
squat	v.	occupy (a dwelling) illegally
squat	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
squat	adj.	having a low center of gravity; built low to the ground
squatness	n.	the property of being short and broad
squatted	v.	sit on one's heels
squatted	v.	be close to the earth, or be disproportionately wide
squatted	v.	occupy (a dwelling) illegally
squatter	n.	someone who settles lawfully on government land with the intent to acquire title to it
squatter	n.	someone who settles on land without right or title
squatter	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
squatter	adj.	having a low center of gravity; built low to the ground
squattest	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
squattest	adj.	having a low center of gravity; built low to the ground
squatting	n.	exercising by repeatedly assuming a crouching position with the knees bent; strengthens the leg muscles
squatting	n.	the act of assuming or maintaining a crouching position with the knees bent and the buttocks near the heels
squatting	v.	sit on one's heels
squatting	v.	be close to the earth, or be disproportionately wide
squatting	v.	occupy (a dwelling) illegally
squaw	n.	an American Indian woman
squawk	n.	the noise of squawking
squawk	n.	informal terms for objecting
squawk	v.	utter a harsh abrupt scream
squawk	v.	complain
squawker	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
squawker	n.	the loudspeaker on an intercom or public address system
squeak	n.	a short high-pitched noise
squeak	n.	something achieved (or escaped) by a narrow margin
squeak	v.	make a high-pitched, screeching noise
squeaker	n.	any artifact that makes a squeaking sound when used
squeaker	n.	something achieved (or escaped) by a narrow margin
squeaky	adj.	having or making a high-pitched sound such as that made by a mouse or a rusty hinge
squeal	n.	a high-pitched howl
squeal	v.	utter a high-pitched cry, characteristic of pigs
squeal	v.	confess to a punishable or reprehensible deed, usually under pressure
squealer	n.	one who reveals confidential information in return for money
squealer	n.	domestic swine
squeamish	adj.	excessively fastidious and easily disgusted
squeamishness	n.	a mild state of nausea
squeamishness	n.	the trait of being excessively fastidious and easily shocked
squeegee	n.	T-shaped cleaning implement with a rubber edge across the top; drawn across a surface to remove water (as in washing windows)
squeegee	v.	wipe with a squeegee
squeegeeing	v.	wipe with a squeegee
squeeze	n.	the act of gripping and pressing firmly
squeeze	n.	a state in which there is a short supply of cash to lend to businesses and consumers and interest rates are high
squeeze	n.	a situation in which increased costs cannot be passed on to the customer
squeeze	n.	(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend
squeeze	n.	a twisting squeeze
squeeze	n.	an aggressive attempt to compel acquiescence by the concentration or manipulation of power
squeeze	n.	a tight or amorous embrace
squeeze	n.	the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space
squeeze	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
squeeze	v.	press firmly
squeeze	v.	squeeze like a wedge into a tight space
squeeze	v.	to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :
squeeze	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
squeeze	v.	press or force
squeeze	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
squeeze	v.	squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness
squeeze	v.	squeeze or press together
squeezer	n.	a kitchen utensil for squeezing juice from fruit
squelch	n.	a crushing remark
squelch	n.	an electric circuit that cuts off a receiver when the signal becomes weaker than the noise
squelch	v.	suppress or crush completely
squelch	v.	make a sucking sound
squelch	v.	walk through mud or mire
squelch	v.	to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition
squib	n.	firework consisting of a tube filled with powder (as a broken firecracker) that burns with a fizzing noise
squid	n.	(Italian cuisine) squid prepared as food
squid	n.	widely distributed fast-moving ten-armed cephalopod mollusk having a long tapered body with triangular tail fins
squiffy	adj.	very drunk
squiggle	n.	a short twisting line
squiggle	n.	an illegible scrawl
squiggly	adj.	wavy and twisting
squint	n.	abnormal alignment of one or both eyes
squint	n.	the act of squinting; looking with the eyes partly closed
squint	v.	cross one's eyes as if in strabismus
squint	v.	be cross-eyed; have a squint or strabismus
squint	v.	partly close one's eyes, as when hit by direct blinding light
squint	adj.	(used especially of glances) directed to one side with or as if with doubt or suspicion or envy; - Elizabeth Bowen
squire	n.	young nobleman attendant on a knight
squire	n.	an English country landowner
squire	n.	a man who attends or escorts a woman
squire	v.	attend upon as a squire; serve as a squire
squirm	n.	the act of wiggling
squirm	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
squirrel	n.	a kind of arboreal rodent having a long bushy tail
squirrel	n.	the fur of a squirrel
squirt	n.	someone who is small and insignificant
squirt	n.	the occurrence of a sudden discharge (as of liquid)
squirt	v.	cause to come out in a squirt
squirt	v.	wet with a spurt of liquid
squish	n.	the noise of soft mud being walked on
squish	v.	walk through mud or mire
squish	v.	put (a liquid) into a container or another place by means of a squirting action
squishy	adj.	easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility
sr	n.	a soft silver-white or yellowish metallic element of the alkali metal group; turns yellow in air; occurs in celestite and strontianite
sr	n.	the unit of solid angle adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
ss	n.	the United States intelligence agency that protects current and former presidents and vice presidents and their immediate families and protects distinguished foreign visitors; detects and apprehends counterfeiters; suppresses forgery of government securities and documents
ss	n.	special police force in Nazi Germany founded as a personal bodyguard for Adolf Hitler in 1925; the SS administered the concentration camps
ss	n.	1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites
ss	n.	an abundant tasteless odorless multivalent nonmetallic element; best known in yellow crystals; occurs in many sulphide and sulphate minerals and even in native form (especially in volcanic regions)
ss	n.	the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees
ss	n.	a unit of conductance equal to the reciprocal of an ohm
ss	n.	the 19th letter of the Roman alphabet
ss	n.	(thermodynamics) a thermodynamic quantity representing the amount of energy in a system that is no longer available for doing mechanical work
ssa	n.	an independent government agency responsible for the Social Security system
sse	n.	the compass point midway between south and southeast
sss	n.	an independent federal agency that administers compulsory military service
sss	n.	the United States intelligence agency that protects current and former presidents and vice presidents and their immediate families and protects distinguished foreign visitors; detects and apprehends counterfeiters; suppresses forgery of government securities and documents
sss	n.	special police force in Nazi Germany founded as a personal bodyguard for Adolf Hitler in 1925; the SS administered the concentration camps
ssw	n.	the compass point midway between south and southwest
stab	n.	a sudden sharp feeling
stab	n.	a strong blow with a knife or other sharp pointed instrument
stab	n.	informal words for any attempt or effort
stab	v.	use a knife on
stab	v.	stab or pierce
stab	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
stabbed	v.	use a knife on
stabbed	v.	stab or pierce
stabbed	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
stabber	n.	someone who stabs another person
stabbing	v.	use a knife on
stabbing	v.	stab or pierce
stabbing	v.	poke or thrust abruptly
stabbing	adj.	causing physical or especially psychological injury
stabbing	adj.	painful as if caused by a sharp instrument
stability	n.	the quality or attribute of being firm and steadfast
stability	n.	a stable order (especially of society)
stability	n.	the quality of being enduring and free from change or variation
stabilization	n.	the act of stabilizing something or making it more stable
stabilization	n.	the act of making something (as a vessel or aircraft) less likely to overturn
stabilize	v.	make stable and keep from fluctuating or put into an equilibrium
stabilize	v.	support or hold steady and make steadfast, with or as if with a brace
stabilize	v.	become stable or more stable
stabilizer	n.	a chemical that is added to a solution or mixture or suspension to maintain it in a stable or unchanging state
stabilizer	n.	airfoil consisting of a device for stabilizing an aircraft
stabilizer	n.	a device for making something stable
stable	n.	a farm building for housing horses or other livestock
stable	v.	shelter in a stable
stable	adj.	resistant to change of position or condition
stable	adj.	firm and dependable; subject to little fluctuation
stable	adj.	not taking part readily in chemical change
stable	adj.	maintaining equilibrium
stable	adj.	showing little if any change
stableman	n.	someone employed in a stable to take care of the horses
stablemate	n.	a horse stabled with another or one of several horses owned by the same person
stablemen	n.	someone employed in a stable to take care of the horses
stably	adv.	in a stable solid fixed manner
stably	adv.	in a stable unchanging manner
staccato	adj.	(music) marked by or composed of disconnected parts or sounds; cut short crisply
staccato	adv.	separating the notes; in music
stack	n.	an orderly pile
stack	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
stack	n.	a list in which the next item to be removed is the item most recently stored (LIFO)
stack	n.	a large tall chimney through which combustion gases and smoke can be evacuated
stack	n.	a storage device that handles data so that the next item to be retrieved is the item most recently stored (LIFO)
stack	v.	load or cover with stacks
stack	v.	arrange in stacks
stack	v.	arrange the order of so as to increase one's winning chances
stadium	n.	a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments
stael	n.	French romantic writer (1766-1817)
staff	n.	personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an assigned task
staff	n.	a strong rod or stick with a specialized utilitarian purpose
staff	n.	the body of teachers and administrators at a school
staff	n.	building material consisting of plaster and hair; used to cover external surfaces of temporary structure (as at an exposition) or for decoration
staff	n.	a rod carried as a symbol
staff	n.	(music) the system of five horizontal lines on which the musical notes are written
staff	v.	provide with staff
staff	v.	serve on the staff of
staffer	n.	an employee who is a member of a staff of workers (especially a member of the staff that works for the President of the United States)
staffing	v.	provide with staff
staffing	v.	serve on the staff of
stag	n.	a male deer, especially an adult male red deer
stag	n.	adult male deer
stag	v.	attend a dance or a party without a female companion
stag	v.	give away information about somebody
stag	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
stage	n.	any distinct time period in a sequence of events
stage	n.	a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a process
stage	n.	a large platform on which people can stand and can be seen by an audience
stage	n.	the theater as a profession (usually `the stage')
stage	n.	a large coach-and-four formerly used to carry passengers and mail on regular routes between towns
stage	n.	a section or portion of a journey or course
stage	n.	any scene regarded as a setting for exhibiting or doing something; --Shakespeare
stage	n.	a small platform on a microscope where the specimen is mounted for examination
stage	v.	perform (a play), especially on a stage
stage	v.	plan, organize, and carry out (an event)
stagecoach	n.	a large coach-and-four formerly used to carry passengers and mail on regular routes between towns
stagecraft	n.	skill in writing or staging plays
stagehand	n.	an employee of a theater who performs work involved in putting on a theatrical production
stagflation	n.	a period of slow economic growth and high unemployment (stagnation) while prices rise (inflation)
stagger	n.	an unsteady uneven gait
stagger	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
stagger	v.	walk with great difficulty
stagger	v.	to arrange in a systematic order
stagger	v.	astound or overwhelm, as with shock
staggering	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
staggering	v.	walk with great difficulty
staggering	v.	to arrange in a systematic order
staggering	v.	astound or overwhelm, as with shock
staggering	adj.	so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm
staging	n.	the production of a drama on the stage
staging	n.	a system of scaffolds
staging	n.	travel by stagecoach
staging	n.	getting rid of a stage of a multistage rocket
staging	v.	perform (a play), especially on a stage
staging	v.	plan, organize, and carry out (an event)
staging	v.	attend a dance or a party without a female companion
staging	v.	give away information about somebody
staging	v.	watch, observe, or inquire secretly
stagnancy	n.	inactivity of liquids; being stagnant; standing still; without current or circulation
stagnancy	n.	a state of inactivity (in business or art etc)
stagnant	adj.	not circulating or flowing
stagnant	adj.	not growing or changing; without force or vitality
stagnate	v.	stand still
stagnate	v.	cause to stagnate
stagnate	v.	cease to flow; stand without moving
stagnate	v.	be idle; exist in a changeless situation
stagnation	n.	a state of inactivity (in business or art etc)
stagnation	n.	inactivity of liquids; being stagnant; standing still; without current or circulation
stagy	adj.	having characteristics of the stage especially an artificial and mannered quality
staid	adj.	characterized by dignity and propriety
staidness	n.	a trait of dignified seriousness
stain	n.	a soiled or discolored appearance
stain	n.	(microscopy) a dye or other coloring material that is used in microscopy to make structures visible
stain	n.	the state of being covered with unclean things
stain	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
stain	n.	an act that brings discredit to the person who does it
stain	v.	color with a liquid dye or tint
stain	v.	produce or leave stains
stain	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
stain	v.	color for microscopic study
stained	v.	color with a liquid dye or tint
stained	v.	produce or leave stains
stained	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
stained	v.	color for microscopic study
stained	adj.	marked or dyed or discolored with foreign matter
stained	adj.	having a coating of stain or varnish
stainless	n.	steel containing chromium that makes it resistant to corrosion
stainless	adj.	(of reputation) free from blemishes
stair	n.	support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway
staircase	n.	a way of access (upward and downward) consisting of a set of steps
stairway	n.	a way of access (upward and downward) consisting of a set of steps
stairwell	n.	a vertical well around which there is a stairway
stake	n.	(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something
stake	n.	a pole or stake set up to mark something (as the start or end of a race track)
stake	n.	instrument of execution consisting of a vertical post that a victim is tied to for burning
stake	n.	the money risked on a gamble
stake	n.	a strong wooden or metal post with a point at one end so it can be driven into the ground
stake	v.	put at risk
stake	v.	place a bet on
stake	v.	mark with a stake
stake	v.	tie or fasten to a stake
stake	v.	kill by piercing with a spear or sharp pole
stakeholder	n.	someone entrusted to hold the stakes for two or more persons betting against one another; must deliver the stakes to the winner
stakeout	n.	surveillance of some place or some person by the police (as in anticipation of a crime)
stalactite	n.	a cylinder of calcium carbonate hanging from the roof of a limestone cave
stalagmite	n.	a cylinder of calcium carbonate projecting upward from the floor of a limestone cave
stale	v.	urinate, of cattle and horses
stale	adj.	lacking freshness, palatability, or showing deterioration from age
stale	adj.	lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new
stalemate	n.	a situation in which no progress can be made or no advancement is possible
stalemate	n.	drawing position in chess: any of a player's possible moves would place his king in check
stalemate	v.	subject to a stalemate
staleness	n.	unoriginality as a result of being dull and hackneyed
staleness	n.	having lost purity and freshness as a consequence of aging
stalin	n.	Russian leader who succeeded Lenin as head of the Communist Party and created a totalitarian state by purging all opposition (1879-1953)
stalingrad	n.	a city in the European part of Russia on the Volga; site of German defeat in World War II in the winter of 1942-43
stalinist	n.	a follower of Stalin and Stalinism
stalinist	adj.	of or relating to Joseph Stalin or his times
stalk	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
stalk	n.	a slender or elongated structure that supports a plant or fungus or a plant part or plant organ
stalk	n.	a hunt for game carried on by following it stealthily or waiting in ambush
stalk	n.	the act of following prey stealthily
stalk	n.	a stiff or threatening gait
stalk	v.	walk stiffly
stalk	v.	follow stealthily or recur constantly and spontaneously to
stalk	v.	go through (an area) in search of prey
stalker	n.	someone who walks with long stiff strides
stalker	n.	someone who stalks game
stalker	n.	someone who prowls or sneaks about; usually with unlawful intentions
stalking	n.	a hunt for game carried on by following it stealthily or waiting in ambush
stalking	n.	the act of following prey stealthily
stalking	v.	walk stiffly
stalking	v.	follow stealthily or recur constantly and spontaneously to
stalking	v.	go through (an area) in search of prey
stall	n.	a compartment in a stable where a single animal is confined and fed
stall	n.	small area set off by walls for special use
stall	n.	a booth where articles are displayed for sale
stall	n.	a malfunction in the flight of an aircraft in which there is a sudden loss of lift that results in a downward plunge
stall	n.	seating in the forward part of the main level of a theater
stall	n.	small individual study area in a library
stall	n.	a tactic used to mislead or delay
stall	v.	postpone doing what one should be doing
stall	v.	come to a stop
stall	v.	deliberately delay an event or action
stall	v.	put into, or keep in, a stall
stall	v.	experience a stall in flight, of airplanes
stall	v.	cause an airplane to go into a stall
stall	v.	cause an engine to stop
stallion	n.	uncastrated adult male horse
stalwart	n.	a person who is loyal to their allegiance (especially in times of revolt)
stalwart	adj.	having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships
stalwart	adj.	dependable
stalwart	adj.	used especially of persons
stamen	n.	the male reproductive organ of a flower
stamina	n.	enduring strength and energy
stamina	n.	the male reproductive organ of a flower
stammer	n.	a speech disorder involving hesitations and involuntary repetitions of certain sounds
stammer	v.	speak haltingly
stammerer	n.	someone who speaks with involuntary pauses and repetitions
stammering	v.	speak haltingly
stamp	n.	the distinctive form in which a thing is made
stamp	n.	a type or class
stamp	n.	a symbol that is the result of printing or engraving
stamp	n.	a small adhesive token stuck on a letter or package to indicate that that postal fees have been paid
stamp	n.	something that can be used as an official medium of payment
stamp	n.	a small piece of adhesive paper that is put on an object to show that a government tax has been paid
stamp	n.	machine consisting of a heavy bar that moves vertically for pounding or crushing ores
stamp	n.	a block or die used to imprint a mark or design
stamp	n.	a device incised to make an impression; used to secure a closing or to authenticate documents
stamp	v.	walk heavily
stamp	v.	to mark, or produce an imprint in or on something
stamp	v.	reveal clearly as having a certain character
stamp	v.	affix a stamp to
stamp	v.	treat or classify according to a mental stereotype
stamp	v.	destroy or extinguish as if by stamping with the foot
stamp	v.	form or cut out with a mold, form, or die
stamp	v.	crush or grind with a heavy instrument
stamp	v.	raise in a relief
stampede	n.	a headlong rush of people on a common impulse
stampede	n.	a wild headlong rush of frightened animals (horses or cattle)
stampede	v.	cause to run in panic
stampede	v.	cause a group or mass of people to act on an impulse or hurriedly and impulsively
stampede	v.	act, usually en masse, hurriedly or on an impulse
stampede	v.	run away in a stampede
stamper	n.	a workman whose job is to form or cut out by applying a mold or die (either by hand or by operating a stamping machine)
stamper	n.	someone who walks with a heavy noisy gait or who stamps on the ground
stamper	n.	a power tool that stamps
stance	n.	standing posture
stance	n.	a rationalized mental attitude
stanch	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
stanchion	n.	any vertical post or rod used as a support
stand	n.	a support or foundation
stand	n.	the position where a thing or person stands
stand	n.	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area
stand	n.	a small table for holding articles of various kinds
stand	n.	a support for displaying various articles
stand	n.	an interruption of normal activity
stand	n.	a mental position from which things are viewed
stand	n.	a booth where articles are displayed for sale
stand	n.	a stop made by a touring musical or theatrical group to give a performance
stand	n.	tiered seats consisting of a structure (often made of wood) where people can sit to watch an event (game or parade)
stand	n.	a platform where a (brass) band can play in the open air
stand	n.	a defensive effort
stand	v.	be standing; be upright
stand	v.	be in some specified state or condition
stand	v.	occupy a place or location, also metaphorically
stand	v.	hold one's ground; maintain a position; be steadfast or upright
stand	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
stand	v.	have or maintain a position or stand on an issue
stand	v.	remain inactive or immobile
stand	v.	be in effect; be or remain in force
stand	v.	be tall; have a height of; copula
stand	v.	put into an upright position
stand	v.	withstand the force of something
stand	v.	be available for stud services
standard	n.	a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated
standard	n.	the ideal in terms of which something can be judged
standard	n.	a board measure = 1980 board feet
standard	n.	the value behind the money in a monetary system
standard	n.	an upright pole or beam (especially one used as a support)
standard	n.	any distinctive flag
standard	adj.	conforming to or constituting a standard of measurement or value; or of the usual or regularized or accepted kind
standard	adj.	commonly used or supplied
standard	adj.	established or well-known or widely recognized as a model of authority or excellence
standard	adj.	conforming to the established language usage of educated native speakers;  (American);  (British)
standard	adj.	regularly and widely used or sold
standardization	n.	the condition in which a standard has been successfully established
standardization	n.	the imposition of standards or regulations
standardization	n.	the act of checking or adjusting (by comparison with a standard) the accuracy of a measuring instrument
standardize	v.	cause to conform to standard or norm
standardize	v.	evaluate by comparing with a standard
standby	n.	something that can be relied on when needed
standby	n.	an actor able to replace a regular performer when required
standby	adj.	ready for emergency use
standbys	n.	something that can be relied on when needed
standbys	n.	an actor able to replace a regular performer when required
standee	n.	someone who stands in a place where one might otherwise sit (as a spectator who uses standing room in a theater or a passenger on a crowded bus or train)
standee	n.	a lifesize cardboard cutout (usually of a celebrity)
stander	n.	an organism (person or animal) that stands
standing	n.	social or financial or professional status or reputation
standing	n.	an ordered listing of scores or results showing the relative positions of competitors (individuals or teams) in a sporting event
standing	n.	the act of assuming or maintaining an erect upright position
standing	v.	be standing; be upright
standing	v.	be in some specified state or condition
standing	v.	occupy a place or location, also metaphorically
standing	v.	hold one's ground; maintain a position; be steadfast or upright
standing	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
standing	v.	have or maintain a position or stand on an issue
standing	v.	remain inactive or immobile
standing	v.	be in effect; be or remain in force
standing	v.	be tall; have a height of; copula
standing	v.	put into an upright position
standing	v.	withstand the force of something
standing	v.	be available for stud services
standing	adj.	having a supporting base
standing	adj.	not created for a particular occasion
standing	adj.	(of fluids) not moving or flowing
standing	adj.	executed in or initiated from a standing position
standing	adj.	(of persons) on the feet; having the torso in an erect position supported by straight legs
standing	adj.	permanent
standish	n.	English colonist in America; leader of the Pilgrims in the early days of the Plymouth Colony (1584-1656)
standoff	n.	the finish of a contest in which the score is tied and the winner is undecided
standoff	n.	the act of repulsing or repelling an attack; a successful defensive stand
standoffish	adj.	lacking cordiality; unfriendly
standpipe	n.	a vertical pipe
standpoint	n.	a mental position from which things are viewed
standstill	n.	a situation in which no progress can be made or no advancement is possible
standstill	n.	an interruption of normal activity
stanford	n.	United States railroad executive and founder of Stanford University (1824-1893)
stanford	n.	a university in California
stanislavsky	n.	Russian actor and theater director who trained his actors to emphasize the psychological motivation of their roles (1863-1938)
stank	v.	be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance
stank	v.	smell badly and offensively
stanley	n.	United States inventor who built a steam-powered automobile (1849-1918)
stanley	n.	Welsh journalist and explorer who led an expedition to Africa in search of David Livingstone and found him in Tanzania in 1871; he and Livingstone together tried to find the source of the Nile River (1841-1904)
stanton	n.	United States suffragist and feminist; called for reform of the practices that perpetuated sexual inequality (1815-1902)
stanza	n.	a fixed number of lines of verse forming a unit of a poem
staph	n.	spherical Gram-positive parasitic bacteria that tend to form irregular colonies; some cause boils or septicemia or infections
staphylococcal	adj.	of or relating to the staphylococcus bacteria
staphylococci	n.	spherical Gram-positive parasitic bacteria that tend to form irregular colonies; some cause boils or septicemia or infections
staphylococcus	n.	spherical Gram-positive parasitic bacteria that tend to form irregular colonies; some cause boils or septicemia or infections
staple	n.	(usually plural) a necessary commodity for which demand is constant
staple	n.	a natural fiber (raw cotton, wool, hemp, flax) that can be twisted to form yarn
staple	n.	material suitable for manufacture or use or finishing
staple	n.	a short U-shaped wire nail for securing cables
staple	n.	paper fastener consisting of a short length of U-shaped wire that can fasten papers together
staple	v.	secure or fasten with a staple or staples
staple	adj.	necessary or important, especially regarding food or commodities
stapler	n.	a machine that inserts staples into sheets of paper in order to fasten them together
staples	n.	(usually plural) a necessary commodity for which demand is constant
staples	n.	a natural fiber (raw cotton, wool, hemp, flax) that can be twisted to form yarn
staples	n.	material suitable for manufacture or use or finishing
staples	n.	a short U-shaped wire nail for securing cables
staples	n.	paper fastener consisting of a short length of U-shaped wire that can fasten papers together
staples	v.	secure or fasten with a staple or staples
star	n.	(astronomy) a celestial body of hot gases that radiates energy derived from thermonuclear reactions in the interior
star	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
star	n.	any celestial body visible (as a point of light) from the Earth at night
star	n.	an actor who plays a principal role
star	n.	a plane figure with 5 or more points; often used as an emblem
star	n.	a performer who receives prominent billing
star	n.	a star-shaped character * used in printing
star	n.	the topology of a network whose components are connected to a hub
star	v.	feature as the star
star	v.	be the star in a performance
star	v.	mark with an asterisk
star	adj.	indicating the most important performer or role
starboard	n.	the right side of a ship or aircraft to someone who is aboard and facing the bow or nose
starboard	v.	turn to the right, of helms or rudders
starboard	adj.	located on the right side of a ship or aircraft
starch	n.	a complex carbohydrate found chiefly in seeds, fruits, tubers, roots and stem pith of plants, notably in corn, potatoes, wheat, and rice; an important foodstuff and used otherwise especially in adhesives and as fillers and stiffeners for paper and textiles
starch	n.	a commercial preparation of starch that is used to stiffen textile fabrics in laundering
starch	v.	stiffen with starch
starchy	adj.	consisting of or containing starch
starchy	adj.	rigidly formal
stardom	n.	the status of being acknowledged as a star
stardust	n.	a dreamy romantic or sentimental quality
stare	n.	a fixed look with eyes open wide
stare	v.	look at with fixed eyes
stare	v.	fixate one's eyes
starer	n.	a viewer who gazes fixedly (often with hostility)
starfish	n.	echinoderms characterized by five arms extending from a central disk
stargaze	v.	observe the stars
stargaze	v.	have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
stargazer	n.	someone indifferent to the busy world
stargazer	n.	a physicist who studies astronomy
stargazer	n.	heavy-bodied marine bottom-lurkers with eyes on flattened top of the head
stark	adj.	devoid of any qualifications or disguise or adornment
stark	adj.	severely simple
stark	adj.	complete or extreme
stark	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
stark	adj.	providing no shelter or sustenance
stark	adv.	completely
starkey	n.	rock star and drummer for the Beatles (born in 1940)
starkness	n.	the quality of being complete or utter or extreme
starkness	n.	an extreme lack of furnishings or ornamentation
starless	adj.	not starry; having no stars or starlike objects
starlet	n.	a young (film) actress who is publicized as a future star
starlet	n.	a small star
starlight	n.	the light of the stars
starling	n.	gregarious birds native to the Old World
starlit	adj.	lighted only by stars
starr	n.	rock star and drummer for the Beatles (born in 1940)
starred	v.	feature as the star
starred	v.	be the star in a performance
starred	v.	mark with an asterisk
starred	adj.	marked with an asterisk
starring	v.	feature as the star
starring	v.	be the star in a performance
starring	v.	mark with an asterisk
starring	adj.	indicating the most important performer or role
starry	adj.	abounding with or resembling stars
start	n.	the beginning of anything
start	n.	the time at which something is supposed to begin
start	n.	a turn to be a starter (in a game at the beginning)
start	n.	a sudden involuntary movement
start	n.	the act of starting something
start	n.	a line indicating the location of the start of a race or a game
start	n.	a signal to begin (as in a race)
start	n.	the advantage gained by beginning early (as in a race)
start	v.	take the first step or steps in carrying out an action
start	v.	set in motion, cause to start
start	v.	leave
start	v.	have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial, or evaluative sense
start	v.	bring into being
start	v.	get off the ground
start	v.	move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm
start	v.	get going or set in motion
start	v.	begin or set in motion
start	v.	begin work or acting in a certain capacity, office or job
start	v.	play in the starting lineup
start	v.	have a beginning characterized in some specified way
start	v.	begin an event that is implied and limited by the nature or inherent function of the direct object
start	v.	bulge outward
starter	n.	an electric motor for starting an engine
starter	n.	a contestant in a team sport who is in the game at the beginning
starter	n.	the official who signals the beginning of a race or competition
starter	n.	any new participant in some activity
starter	n.	food or drink to stimulate the appetite (usually served before a meal or as the first course)
starter	n.	a hand tool consisting of a rotating shaft with parallel handle
starter	n.	a culture containing yeast or bacteria that is used to start the process of fermentation or souring in making butter or cheese or dough
startle	n.	a sudden involuntary movement
startle	v.	to stimulate to action
startle	v.	move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm
startling	v.	to stimulate to action
startling	v.	move or jump suddenly, as if in surprise or alarm
startling	adj.	so remarkably different or sudden as to cause momentary shock or alarm
startup	n.	the act of setting in operation
startup	n.	the act of starting a new operation or practice
starvation	n.	a state of extreme hunger resulting from lack of essential nutrients over a prolonged period
starvation	n.	the act of depriving of food or subjecting to famine
starve	v.	be hungry; go without food
starve	v.	die of food deprivation
starve	v.	deprive of food
starve	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
starve	v.	deprive of a necessity and cause suffering
starveling	n.	someone who is starving (or being starved)
stash	n.	a secret store of valuables or money
stash	v.	save up as for future use
stasis	n.	an abnormal state in which the normal flow of a liquid (such as blood) is slowed or stopped
stasis	n.	inactivity resulting from a static balance between opposing forces
state	n.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation
state	n.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes
state	n.	the group of people comprising the government of a sovereign state
state	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
state	n.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container)
state	n.	a state of depression or agitation
state	n.	the territory occupied by a nation
state	n.	the federal department in the United States that sets and maintains foreign policies
state	v.	express in words
state	v.	put before
state	v.	indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.
statecraft	n.	wisdom in the management of public affairs
stated	v.	express in words
stated	v.	put before
stated	v.	indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.
stated	adj.	declared as fact; explicitly stated
statehouse	n.	a government building in which a state legislature meets
stateless	adj.	without nationality or citizenship
stateliness	n.	an elaborate manner of doing something
stateliness	n.	impressiveness in scale or proportion
stately	adj.	impressive in appearance
stately	adj.	of size and dignity suggestive of a statue
stately	adj.	refined or imposing in manner or appearance; befitting a royal court
statement	n.	a message that is stated or declared; a communication (oral or written) setting forth particulars or facts etc
statement	n.	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true
statement	n.	(music) the presentation of a musical theme
statement	n.	a nonverbal message
statement	n.	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something
statement	n.	(computer science) a line of code written as part of a computer program
statement	n.	a document showing credits and debits
stateroom	n.	a guest cabin
states	n.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation
states	n.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes
states	n.	the group of people comprising the government of a sovereign state
states	n.	a politically organized body of people under a single government
states	n.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container)
states	n.	a state of depression or agitation
states	n.	the territory occupied by a nation
states	n.	the federal department in the United States that sets and maintains foreign policies
states	v.	express in words
states	v.	put before
states	v.	indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.
statesman	n.	a man who is a respected leader in national or international affairs
statesmanlike	adj.	marked by the qualities of or befitting a statesman; ; -V.L.Parrington
statesmanship	n.	wisdom in the management of public affairs
statesmen	n.	a man who is a respected leader in national or international affairs
stateswoman	n.	a woman statesman
stateswomen	n.	a woman statesman
statewide	adj.	occurring or extending throughout a state
static	n.	a crackling or hissing noise caused by electrical interference
static	n.	angry criticism
static	adj.	not in physical motion
static	adj.	concerned with or producing or caused by static electricity
static	adj.	showing little if any change
station	n.	a facility equipped with special equipment and personnel for a particular purpose
station	n.	proper or designated social situation
station	n.	(nautical) the location to which a ship or fleet is assigned for duty
station	n.	the position where someone (as a guard or sentry) stands or is assigned to stand
station	n.	the frequency assigned to a broadcasting station
station	v.	assign to a station
stationary	adj.	standing still
stationary	adj.	not capable of being moved
stationer	n.	a merchant who sells writing materials and office supplies
stationery	n.	paper cut to an appropriate size for writing letters; usually with matching envelopes
stationmaster	n.	the person in charge of a railway station
statistic	n.	a datum that can be represented numerically
statistical	adj.	of or relating to statistics
statistician	n.	a mathematician who specializes in statistics
statistician	n.	someone versed in the collection and interpretation of numerical data (especially someone who uses statistics to calculate insurance premiums)
statuary	n.	statues collectively
statuary	adj.	of or relating to or suitable for statues
statue	n.	a sculpture representing a human or animal
statuesque	adj.	of size and dignity suggestive of a statue
statuesque	adj.	suggestive of a statue
statuette	n.	a small carved or molded figure
stature	n.	high level of respect gained by impressive development or achievement
stature	n.	(of a standing person) the distance from head to foot
status	n.	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society
status	n.	a state at a particular time
statute	n.	an act passed by a legislative body
statute	adj.	enacted by a legislative body
statutorily	adv.	according to statute
statutory	adj.	relating to or created by statutes
statutory	adj.	prescribed or authorized by or punishable under a statute
staunch	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
staunch	adj.	firm and dependable especially in loyalty
staunchness	n.	loyalty in the face of trouble and difficulty
stave	n.	(music) the system of five horizontal lines on which the musical notes are written
stave	n.	one of several thin slats of wood forming the sides of a barrel or bucket
stave	n.	a crosspiece between the legs of a chair
stave	v.	furnish with staves
stave	v.	burst or force (a hole) into something
stay	n.	continuing or remaining in a place or state
stay	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
stay	n.	a judicial order forbidding some action until an event occurs or the order is lifted
stay	n.	a thin strip of metal or bone that is used to stiffen a garment (e.g. a corset)
stay	n.	(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar
stay	v.	stay the same; remain in a certain state
stay	v.	stay put (in a certain place)
stay	v.	dwell
stay	v.	continue in a place, position, or situation
stay	v.	remain behind
stay	v.	stop or halt
stay	v.	stay behind
stay	v.	hang on during a trial of endurance
stay	v.	stop a judicial process
stay	v.	fasten with stays
stay	v.	overcome or allay
std	n.	a communicable infection transmitted by sexual intercourse or genital contact
std	n.	a doctor's degree in theology
stead	n.	the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served by another
steadfast	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
steadfast	adj.	firm and dependable especially in loyalty
steadfastness	n.	loyalty in the face of trouble and difficulty
steadfastness	n.	steadfast resolution
steadily	adv.	at a steady rate or pace
steadily	adv.	in a steady manner
steadiness	n.	freedom from wavering or indecision; constancy of resolve or conduct
steadiness	n.	the quality of being steady or securely and immovably fixed in place
steadiness	n.	the quality of being steady--regular and unvarying
steady	n.	a person loved by another person
steady	v.	make steady
steady	v.	support or hold steady and make steadfast, with or as if with a brace
steady	adj.	not subject to change or variation especially in behavior
steady	adj.	not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall
steady	adj.	securely in position; not shaky
steady	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
steady	adj.	relating to a person who does something regularly
steady	adj.	not easily excited or upset
steady	adv.	in a steady manner
steak	n.	a slice of meat cut from the fleshy part of an animal or large fish
steakhouse	n.	a restaurant that specializes in steaks
steal	n.	an advantageous purchase
steal	n.	a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the delivery of a pitch (without the help of a hit or walk or passed ball or wild pitch)
steal	v.	take without the owner's consent
steal	v.	move stealthily
steal	v.	steal a base
stealth	n.	avoiding detection by moving carefully
stealthily	adv.	in a stealthy manner
stealthiness	n.	a disposition to be sly and stealthy and to do things surreptitiously
stealthy	adj.	marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed
steam	n.	water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere
steam	v.	travel by means of steam power
steam	v.	emit steam
steam	v.	rise as vapor
steam	v.	get very angry
steam	v.	clean by means of steaming
steam	v.	cook something by letting steam pass over it
steamboat	n.	a boat propelled by a steam engine
steamer	n.	a clam that is usually steamed in the shell
steamer	n.	a cooking utensil that can be used to cook food by steaming it
steamer	n.	a ship powered by one or more steam engines
steamer	n.	an edible clam with thin oval-shaped shell found in coastal regions of the United States and Europe
steamer	v.	travel by means of steam power
steamfitter	n.	a craftsman who installs and maintains equipment for ventilating or heating or refrigerating
steaminess	n.	cloudiness resulting from haze or mist or vapor
steamroll	v.	bring to a specified state by overwhelming force or pressure
steamroll	v.	proceed with great force
steamroll	v.	overwhelm by using great force
steamroll	v.	make level or flat with a steamroller
steamroller	n.	a massive inexorable force that seems to crush everything in its way
steamroller	n.	vehicle equipped with heavy wide smooth rollers for compacting roads and pavements
steamroller	v.	bring to a specified state by overwhelming force or pressure
steamroller	v.	proceed with great force
steamroller	v.	crush with a steamroller as if to level
steamroller	v.	overwhelm by using great force
steamroller	v.	make level or flat with a steamroller
steamship	n.	a ship powered by one or more steam engines
steamy	adj.	filled with steam or emitting moisture in the form of vapor or mist
steamy	adj.	hot or warm and humid
steamy	adj.	feeling great sexual desire
steed	n.	(literary) a spirited horse for state or war
steel	n.	an alloy of iron with small amounts of carbon; widely used in construction; mechanical properties can be varied over a wide range
steel	n.	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard
steel	n.	knife sharpener consisting of a ridged steel rod
steel	v.	get ready for something difficult or unpleasant
steel	v.	cover, plate, or edge with steel
steele	n.	English writer (1672-1729)
steelmaker	n.	a worker engaged in making steel
steelworker	n.	a worker engaged in making steel
steelworks	n.	a factory where steel is made
steely	adj.	resembling steel as in hardness
steely	adj.	resembling steel in hardness
steelyard	n.	a portable balance consisting of a pivoted bar with arms of unequal length
steep	n.	a steep place (as on a hill)
steep	v.	devote (oneself) fully to
steep	v.	let sit in a liquid to extract a flavor or to cleanse
steep	adj.	having a sharp inclination
steep	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
steep	adj.	of a slope; set at a high angle
steepen	v.	become steeper
steepen	v.	make steeper
steeple	n.	a tall tower that forms the superstructure of a building (usually a church or temple) and that tapers to a point at the top
steeplechase	n.	a footrace of usually 3000 meters over a closed track with hurdles and a water jump
steeplechase	n.	a horse race over an obstructed course
steeplejack	n.	someone who builds or maintains very tall structures
steepness	n.	the property possessed by a slope that is very steep
steer	n.	an indication of potential opportunity
steer	n.	castrated bull
steer	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
steer	v.	direct (oneself) somewhere
steer	v.	be a guiding or motivating force or drive
steerage	n.	the cheapest accommodations on a passenger ship
steerage	n.	the act of steering a ship
steering	n.	the act of guiding or showing the way
steering	n.	the act of setting and holding a course
steering	n.	the act of steering a ship
steering	v.	direct the course; determine the direction of travelling
steering	v.	direct (oneself) somewhere
steering	v.	be a guiding or motivating force or drive
steersman	n.	the person who steers a ship
steersmen	n.	the person who steers a ship
stegosaurus	n.	herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur with a row of bony plates along its back and a spiked tail probably used as a weapon
stein	n.	a mug intended for serving beer
stein	n.	experimental expatriate United States writer (1874-1946)
steinbeck	n.	United States writer noted for his novels about agricultural workers (1902-1968)
steinem	n.	United States feminist (born in 1934)
steiner	n.	Austrian philosopher who founded anthroposophy (1861-1925)
steinmetz	n.	United States electrical engineer and inventor (born in Germany) (1865-1923)
steinway	n.	United States piano maker (born in Germany) who founded a famous piano manufacturing firm in New York (1797-1871)
stella	n.	United States minimalist painter (born in 1936)
stellar	adj.	indicating the most important performer or role
stellar	adj.	being or relating to or resembling or emanating from stars
stem	n.	(linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed
stem	n.	a slender or elongated structure that supports a plant or fungus or a plant part or plant organ
stem	n.	cylinder forming a long narrow part of something
stem	n.	the tube of a tobacco pipe
stem	n.	front part of a vessel or aircraft
stem	n.	a turn made in skiing; the back of one ski is forced outward and the other ski is brought parallel to it
stem	v.	grow out of, have roots in, originate in
stem	v.	cause to point inward
stem	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
stem	v.	remove the stem from
stemless	adj.	not having a stem
stemless	adj.	(of plants) having no apparent stem above ground
stemmed	v.	grow out of, have roots in, originate in
stemmed	v.	cause to point inward
stemmed	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
stemmed	v.	remove the stem from
stemmed	adj.	having a stem or stems or having a stem as specified; often used in combination
stemmed	adj.	(of plants) producing a well-developed stem above ground
stemmed	adj.	having the stem removed
stemming	v.	grow out of, have roots in, originate in
stemming	v.	cause to point inward
stemming	v.	stop the flow of a liquid
stemming	v.	remove the stem from
stench	n.	a distinctive odor that is offensively unpleasant
stencil	n.	a sheet of material (metal, plastic, cardboard, waxed paper, silk, etc.) that has been perforated with a pattern (printing or a design); ink or paint can pass through the perforations to create the printed pattern on the surface below
stencil	v.	mark or print with a stencil
stendhal	n.	French writer whose novels were the first to feature psychological analysis of the character (1783-1842)
stengel	n.	United States baseball manager (1890-1975)
stenographer	n.	someone skilled in the transcription of speech (especially dictation)
stenographic	adj.	of or relating to or employing stenography
stenography	n.	a method of writing rapidly
stenography	n.	the act or art of writing in shorthand
stenosis	n.	abnormal narrowing of a bodily canal or passageway
stent	n.	a slender tube inserted inside a tubular body part (as a blood vessel) to provide support during and after surgical anastomosis
stentorian	adj.	used of the voice
step	n.	any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal
step	n.	the distance covered by a step
step	n.	the act of changing location by raising the foot and setting it down
step	n.	support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a stairway
step	n.	relative position in a graded series
step	n.	a short distance
step	n.	the sound of a step of someone walking
step	n.	a musical interval of two semitones
step	n.	a mark of a foot or shoe on a surface
step	n.	a solid block joined to the beams in which the heel of a ship's mast or capstan is fixed
step	n.	a sequence of foot movements that make up a particular dance
step	v.	shift or move by taking a step
step	v.	put down or press the foot, place the foot
step	v.	cause (a computer) to execute a single command
step	v.	treat badly
step	v.	furnish with steps
step	v.	move with one's feet in a specific manner
step	v.	walk a short distance to a specified place or in a specified manner
step	v.	place (a ship's mast) in its step
step	v.	measure (distances) by pacing
step	v.	move or proceed as if by steps into a new situation
stepbrother	n.	a brother who has only one parent in common with you
stepchild	n.	a child of your spouse by a former marriage
stepchildren	n.	a child of your spouse by a former marriage
stepdaughter	n.	a daughter of your spouse by a former marriage
stepfather	n.	the husband of your mother by a subsequent marriage
stephen	n.	English writer (1832-1904)
stephens	n.	English writer (1832-1904)
stephenson	n.	English railway pioneer who built the first passenger railway in 1825 (1781-1848)
stepladder	n.	a folding portable ladder hinged at the top
stepmother	n.	the wife of your father by a subsequent marriage
stepparent	n.	the spouse of your parent by a subsequent marriage
steppe	n.	extensive plain without trees (associated with eastern Russia and Siberia)
stepper	n.	a professional dancer
stepper	n.	a motor (especially an electric motor) that moves or rotates in small discrete steps
stepper	n.	a horse trained to lift its feet high off the ground while walking or trotting
stepsister	n.	a sister who has only one parent in common with you
stepson	n.	the son your spouse by a former marriage
stereo	n.	reproducer in which two microphones feed two or more loudspeakers to give a three-dimensional effect to the sound
stereo	n.	two photographs taken from slightly different angles that appear three-dimensional when viewed together
stereo	adj.	designating sound transmission from two sources through two channels
stereophonic	adj.	designating sound transmission from two sources through two channels
stereoscope	n.	an optical device for viewing stereoscopic photographs
stereoscopic	adj.	of or relating to a stereoscope
stereoscopic	adj.	of or relating to stereoscopy
stereotype	n.	a conventional or formulaic conception or image
stereotype	v.	treat or classify according to a mental stereotype
stereotypical	adj.	lacking spontaneity or originality or individuality
sterile	adj.	incapable of reproducing
sterile	adj.	free of or using methods to keep free of pathological microorganisms
sterile	adj.	deficient in originality or creativity; lacking powers of invention
sterility	n.	(of non-living objects) the state of being free of pathogenic organisms
sterility	n.	the state of being unable to produce offspring; in a woman it is an inability to conceive; in a man it is an inability to impregnate
sterilization	n.	the act of making an organism barren or infertile (unable to reproduce)
sterilization	n.	the procedure of making some object free of live bacteria or other microorganisms (usually by heat or chemical means)
sterilize	v.	make free from bacteria
sterilize	v.	make infertile
sterilizer	n.	a device for heating substances above their boiling point; used to manufacture chemicals or to sterilize surgical instruments
sterling	n.	British money; especially the pound sterling as the basic monetary unit of the UK
sterling	adj.	highest in quality
stern	n.	the rear part of a ship
stern	n.	United States concert violinist (born in Russia in 1920)
stern	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
stern	adj.	of a stern or strict bearing or demeanor; forbidding in aspect
stern	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
stern	adj.	severe and unremitting in making demands
stern	adj.	severely simple
sterne	n.	English writer (born in Ireland) (1713-1766)
sternness	n.	the quality (as of scenery) being grim and gloomy and forbidding
sternness	n.	uncompromising resolution
sternum	n.	the flat bone that articulates with the clavicles and the first seven pairs of ribs
steroid	n.	any of several fat-soluble organic compounds having as a basis 17 carbon atoms in four rings; many have important physiological effects
steroid	n.	any hormone affecting the development and growth of sex organs
steroidal	adj.	of or relating to steroid hormones or their effects
stertorous	adj.	of breathing having a heavy snoring sound
stet	v.	printing: cancel, as of a correction or deletion
stet	v.	printing: direct that a matter marked for omission or correction is to be retained (used in the imperative)
stethoscope	n.	a medical instrument for listening to the sounds generated inside the body
stetson	n.	a hat made of felt with a creased crown
stetted	v.	printing: cancel, as of a correction or deletion
stetted	v.	printing: direct that a matter marked for omission or correction is to be retained (used in the imperative)
stetting	v.	printing: cancel, as of a correction or deletion
stetting	v.	printing: direct that a matter marked for omission or correction is to be retained (used in the imperative)
steuben	n.	American Revolutionary leader (born in Prussia) who trained the troops under George Washington (1730-1794)
stevedore	n.	a laborer who loads and unloads vessels in a port
stevens	n.	United States psychologist and psychophysicist who proposed Stevens' power law to replace Fechner's law (1906-1973)
stevens	n.	United States poet (1879-1955)
stevens	n.	United States filmmaker (1905-1975)
stevenson	n.	Scottish author (1850-1894)
stevenson	n.	United States politician and diplomat (1900-1968)
stew	n.	agitation resulting from active worry
stew	n.	food prepared by stewing especially meat or fish with vegetables
stew	v.	be in a huff; be silent or sullen
stew	v.	bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings
stew	v.	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid
steward	n.	someone who manages property or other affairs for someone else
steward	n.	the ship's officer who is in charge of provisions and dining arrangements
steward	n.	an attendant on an airplane
steward	n.	a union member who is elected to represent fellow workers in negotiating with management
steward	n.	one having charge of buildings or grounds or animals
stewardess	n.	a woman steward on an airplane
stewardship	n.	the position of steward
stewart	n.	United States film actor who portrayed incorruptible but modest heros (1908-1997)
stewart	n.	Scottish philosopher and follower of Thomas Reid (1753-1828)
stick	n.	an implement consisting of a length of wood
stick	n.	a small thin branch of a tree
stick	n.	a lever used by a pilot to control the ailerons and elevators of an airplane
stick	n.	a rectangular quarter pound block of butter or margarine
stick	n.	informal terms for the leg
stick	n.	a long implement (usually made of wood) that is shaped so that hockey or polo players can hit a puck or ball
stick	n.	a long thin implement resembling a length of wood
stick	n.	marijuana leaves rolled into a cigarette for smoking
stick	n.	threat of a penalty
stick	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
stick	v.	stay put (in a certain place)
stick	v.	stick to firmly
stick	v.	be or become fixed
stick	v.	endure
stick	v.	be a devoted follower or supporter
stick	v.	be loyal to
stick	v.	cover and decorate with objects that pierce the surface
stick	v.	fasten with an adhesive material like glue
stick	v.	fasten with or as with pins or nails
stick	v.	fasten into place by fixing an end or point into something
stick	v.	pierce with a thrust using a pointed instrument
stick	v.	pierce or penetrate or puncture with something pointed
stick	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
stick	v.	saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous
stick	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
sticker	n.	a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf
sticker	n.	an adhesive label
sticker	n.	a particularly difficult or baffling question or problem
sticker	n.	a short knife with a pointed blade used for piercing or stabbing
stickily	adv.	in a sticky viscid manner
stickiness	n.	the property of sticking to a surface
stickleback	n.	small (2-4 inches) pugnacious mostly scaleless spiny-backed fishes of northern fresh and littoral waters having elaborate courtship; subjects of much research
stickler	n.	someone who insists on something
stickpin	n.	a decorative pin that is worn in a necktie
stickup	n.	robbery at gunpoint
sticky	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
sticky	adj.	moist as with undried perspiration and with clothing sticking to the body
sticky	adj.	hot or warm and humid
sticky	adj.	hard to deal with; especially causing pain or embarrassment
sticky	adj.	covered with an adhesive material
stieglitz	n.	United States photographer (1864-1946)
stiff	n.	an ordinary man
stiff	n.	the dead body of a human being
stiff	adj.	not moving or operating freely
stiff	adj.	powerful
stiff	adj.	rigidly formal
stiff	adj.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect; ; ; ,
stiff	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
stiff	adj.	incapable of or resistant to bending
stiff	adj.	very drunk
stiff	adv.	extremely
stiff	adv.	in a stiff manner
stiffen	v.	become stiff or stiffer
stiffen	v.	make stiff or stiffer
stiffen	v.	restrict
stiffener	n.	material used for stiffening something
stiffening	n.	the act of becoming stiff
stiffening	n.	the process of becoming stiff or rigid
stiffening	v.	become stiff or stiffer
stiffening	v.	make stiff or stiffer
stiffening	v.	restrict
stiffness	n.	the physical property of being inflexible and hard to bend
stiffness	n.	the property of moving with pain or difficulty
stiffness	n.	firm resoluteness in purpose or opinion or action
stiffness	n.	the inelegance of someone stiff and unrelaxed (as by embarrassment)
stiffness	n.	excessive sternness
stifle	n.	joint between the femur and tibia in a quadruped; corresponds to the human knee
stifle	v.	conceal or hide
stifle	v.	smother or suppress
stifle	v.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of
stifle	v.	be asphyxiated; die from lack of oxygen
stifling	n.	forceful prevention; putting down by power or authority
stifling	v.	conceal or hide
stifling	v.	smother or suppress
stifling	v.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of
stifling	v.	be asphyxiated; die from lack of oxygen
stifling	adj.	characterized by oppressive heat and humidity
stigma	n.	the apical end of the style where deposited pollen enters the pistil
stigma	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
stigma	n.	an external tracheal aperture in a terrestrial arthropod
stigma	n.	a skin lesion that is a diagnostic sign of some disease
stigmata	n.	marks resembling the wounds on the crucified body of Christ
stigmata	n.	the apical end of the style where deposited pollen enters the pistil
stigmata	n.	a symbol of disgrace or infamy; --Genesis
stigmata	n.	an external tracheal aperture in a terrestrial arthropod
stigmata	n.	a skin lesion that is a diagnostic sign of some disease
stigmatic	n.	a person whose body is marked by religious stigmata (such as marks resembling the wounds of the crucified Christ)
stigmatic	adj.	pertaining to or resembling or having stigmata
stigmatic	adj.	pertaining to a lens or lens system free of astigmatism (able to form point images)
stigmatic	adj.	not astigmatic
stigmatization	n.	the act of stigmatizing
stigmatize	v.	to accuse or condemn or openly or formally or brand as disgraceful
stigmatize	v.	mark with a stigma or stigmata
stile	n.	an upright that is a member in a door or window frame
stiletto	n.	a small dagger with a tapered blade
still	n.	a static photograph (especially one taken from a movie and used for advertising purposes)
still	n.	(poetic) tranquil silence
still	n.	an apparatus used for the distillation of liquids; consists of a vessel in which a substance is vaporized by heat and a condenser where the vapor is condensed
still	n.	a plant and works where alcoholic drinks are made by distillation
still	v.	make calm or still
still	v.	cause to be quiet or not talk
still	v.	lessen the intensity of or calm
still	v.	make motionless
still	adj.	not in physical motion
still	adj.	marked by absence of sound
still	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
still	adj.	used of pictures; of a single or static photograph not presented so as to create the illusion of motion; or representing objects not capable of motion
still	adj.	not sparkling
still	adj.	free from noticeable current
still	adv.	with reference to action or condition; without change, interruption, or cessation
still	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
still	adv.	to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons
still	adv.	without moving or making a sound
stillbirth	n.	a natural loss of the products of conception
stillbirths	n.	a natural loss of the products of conception
stillborn	adj.	failing to accomplish an intended result
stillborn	adj.	(of newborn infant) showing no signs of life at birth; not liveborn
stiller	adj.	not in physical motion
stiller	adj.	marked by absence of sound
stiller	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
stiller	adj.	used of pictures; of a single or static photograph not presented so as to create the illusion of motion; or representing objects not capable of motion
stiller	adj.	not sparkling
stiller	adj.	free from noticeable current
stillness	n.	(poetic) tranquil silence
stillness	n.	calmness without winds
stillness	n.	a state of no motion or movement
stilt	n.	a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure
stilt	n.	one of two stout poles with foot rests in the middle; used for walking high above the ground
stilt	n.	long-legged three-toed wading bird of brackish marshes of Australia
stilt	n.	long-legged three-toed black-and-white wading bird of inland ponds and marshes or brackish lagoons
stilted	adj.	artificially formal
stilton	n.	English blue cheese
stimulant	n.	any stimulating information or event; acts to arouse action
stimulant	n.	a drug that temporarily quickens some vital process
stimulant	adj.	that stimulates
stimulate	v.	act as a stimulant
stimulate	v.	cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner
stimulate	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
stimulate	v.	cause to be alert and energetic
stimulate	v.	cause to occur rapidly
stimulate	v.	stir feelings in
stimulate	v.	provide the needed stimulus for
stimulation	n.	the act of arousing an organism to action
stimulation	n.	any stimulating information or event; acts to arouse action
stimulation	n.	(physiology) the effect of a stimulus (on nerves or organs etc.)
stimulation	n.	mutual sexual fondling prior to sexual intercourse
stimuli	n.	any stimulating information or event; acts to arouse action
stimulus	n.	any stimulating information or event; acts to arouse action
sting	n.	a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung
sting	n.	a mental pain or distress
sting	n.	a painful wound caused by the thrust of an insect's stinger into skin
sting	n.	a swindle in which you cheat at gambling or persuade a person to buy worthless property
sting	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
sting	v.	deliver a sting to
sting	v.	saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous
sting	v.	cause a stinging pain
sting	v.	cause an emotional pain, as if by stinging
stinger	n.	a cocktail made of made of creme de menthe and brandy
stinger	n.	a remark capable of wounding mentally
stinger	n.	a portable low altitude surface-to-air missile system using infrared guidance and an impact fuse; fired from the shoulder
stinger	n.	a sharp organ of offense or defense (as of a wasp or stingray or scorpion) often connected with a poison gland
stinger	n.	a sharp stinging blow
stingily	adv.	in a stingy manner
stinginess	n.	a lack of generosity; a general unwillingness to part with money
stingray	n.	large venomous ray with large barbed spines near the base of a thin whiplike tail capable of inflicting severe wounds
stingy	adj.	unwilling to spend
stingy	adj.	deficient in amount or quality or extent
stink	n.	a distinctive odor that is offensively unpleasant
stink	v.	be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance
stink	v.	smell badly and offensively
stinker	n.	a person who is deemed to be despicable or contemptible
stinker	n.	anything that gives off an offensive odor (especially a cheap cigar)
stinker	n.	an artifact (especially an automobile) that is defective or unsatisfactory
stinky	adj.	having an unpleasant smell
stinky	adj.	very bad
stint	n.	an unbroken period of time during which you do something
stint	n.	smallest American sandpiper
stint	n.	an individual's prescribed share of work
stint	v.	subsist on a meager allowance
stint	v.	supply sparingly and with restricted quantities
stipend	n.	a sum of money allotted on a regular basis; usually for some specific purpose
stipendiary	n.	(United Kingdom) a paid magistrate (appointed by the Home Secretary) dealing with police cases
stipendiary	adj.	pertaining to or of the nature of a stipend or allowance
stipendiary	adj.	receiving or eligible for compensation
stipendiary	adj.	for which money is paid
stipple	v.	engrave by means of dots and flicks
stipple	v.	make by small short touches that together produce an even or softly graded shadow, as in paint or ink
stipple	v.	apply (paint) in small dots or strokes
stipple	v.	produce a mottled effect
stippling	v.	engrave by means of dots and flicks
stippling	v.	make by small short touches that together produce an even or softly graded shadow, as in paint or ink
stippling	v.	apply (paint) in small dots or strokes
stippling	v.	produce a mottled effect
stipulate	v.	specify as a condition or requirement in a contract or agreement; make an express demand or provision in an agreement
stipulate	v.	give a guarantee or promise of
stipulate	v.	make an oral contract or agreement in the verbal form of question and answer that is necessary to give it legal force
stipulation	n.	(law) an agreement or concession made by parties in a judicial proceeding (or by their attorneys) relating to the business before the court; must be in writing unless they are part of the court record
stipulation	n.	an assumption on which rests the validity or effect of something else
stipulation	n.	a restriction that is insisted upon as a condition for an agreement
stir	n.	a prominent or sensational but short-lived news event
stir	n.	emotional agitation and excitement
stir	n.	a rapid active commotion
stir	v.	move an implement through
stir	v.	move very slightly
stir	v.	stir feelings in
stir	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
stir	v.	affect emotionally
stir	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
stir	v.	to begin moving,
stir	v.	mix or add by stirring
stirred	v.	move an implement through
stirred	v.	move very slightly
stirred	v.	stir feelings in
stirred	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
stirred	v.	affect emotionally
stirred	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
stirred	v.	to begin moving,
stirred	v.	mix or add by stirring
stirred	adj.	being excited or provoked to the expression of an emotion
stirred	adj.	emotionally aroused
stirred	adj.	set into a usually circular motion in order to mix or blend
stirrer	n.	a person who spreads frightening rumors and stirs up trouble
stirrer	n.	an implement used for stirring
stirring	n.	agitating a liquid with an implement
stirring	n.	arousing to a particular emotion or action
stirring	v.	move an implement through
stirring	v.	move very slightly
stirring	v.	stir feelings in
stirring	v.	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of
stirring	v.	affect emotionally
stirring	v.	summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic
stirring	v.	to begin moving,
stirring	v.	mix or add by stirring
stirring	adj.	capable of arousing enthusiasm or excitement
stirring	adj.	exciting strong but not unpleasant emotions
stirrup	n.	support consisting of metal loops into which rider's feet go
stirrup	n.	the stirrup-shaped ossicle that transmits sound from the incus to the cochlea
stitch	n.	a link or loop or knot made by an implement in knitting, crocheting, embroidery, or sewing
stitch	n.	a sharp spasm of pain in the side resulting from running
stitch	v.	fasten by sewing; do needlework
stitchery	n.	needlework on which you are working with needle and thread
stitching	n.	joining or attaching by stitches
stitching	v.	fasten by sewing; do needlework
stoat	n.	the ermine in its brown summer coat with black-tipped tail
stochastic	adj.	being or having a random variable
stock	n.	the capital raised by a corporation through the issue of shares entitling holders to an ownership interest (equity)
stock	n.	the merchandise that a shop has on hand
stock	n.	the handle of a handgun or the butt end of a rifle or shotgun or part of the support of a machine gun or artillery gun
stock	n.	a certificate documenting the shareholder's ownership in the corporation
stock	n.	a supply of something available for future use
stock	n.	the descendants of one individual
stock	n.	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species
stock	n.	liquid in which meat and vegetables are simmered; used as a basis for e.g. soups or sauces
stock	n.	the reputation and popularity a person has
stock	n.	persistent thickened stem of a herbaceous perennial plant
stock	n.	a plant or stem onto which a graft is made; especially a plant grown specifically to provide the root part of grafted plants
stock	n.	any of several Old World plants cultivated for their brightly colored flowers
stock	n.	any of various ornamental flowering plants of the genus Malcolmia
stock	n.	lumber used in the construction of something
stock	n.	the handle end of some implements or tools
stock	n.	an ornamental white cravat
stock	n.	any animals kept for use or profit
stock	v.	have on hand
stock	v.	equip with a stock
stock	v.	supply with fish
stock	v.	supply with livestock
stock	v.	amass so as to keep for future use or sale or for a particular occasion or use
stock	v.	provide or furnish with a stock of something
stock	v.	put forth and grow sprouts or shoots
stock	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
stock	adj.	routine
stock	adj.	regularly and widely used or sold
stockade	n.	fortification consisting of a fence made of a line of stout posts set firmly for defense
stockade	n.	a penal camp where political prisoners or prisoners of war are confined (usually under harsh conditions)
stockade	v.	surround with a stockade in order to fortify
stockbroker	n.	an agent in the buying and selling of stocks and bonds
stockholder	n.	someone who holds shares of stock in a corporation
stockholm	n.	the capital and largest city of Sweden; located in southern Sweden on the Baltic
stockily	adv.	so as to be stocky
stockinette	n.	knit used especially for infants' wear and undergarments
stocking	n.	close-fitting hosiery to cover the foot and leg; come in matched pairs (usually used in the plural)
stocking	n.	the activity of supplying a stock of something
stocking	v.	have on hand
stocking	v.	equip with a stock
stocking	v.	supply with fish
stocking	v.	supply with livestock
stocking	v.	amass so as to keep for future use or sale or for a particular occasion or use
stocking	v.	provide or furnish with a stock of something
stocking	v.	put forth and grow sprouts or shoots
stockist	n.	one (as a retailer or distributor) that stocks goods
stockpile	n.	something kept back or saved for future use or a special purpose
stockpile	n.	a storage pile accumulated for future use
stockpile	v.	have on hand
stockpot	n.	a pot used for preparing soup stock
stockroom	n.	storeroom for storing goods and supplies used in a business
stocktaking	n.	reappraisal of a situation or position or outlook
stocktaking	n.	making an itemized list of merchandise or supplies on hand
stockton	n.	United States writer (1834-1902)
stocky	adj.	having a short and solid form or stature
stockyard	n.	enclosed yard where cattle, pigs, horses, or sheep are kept temporarily
stodge	n.	heavy and filling (and usually starchy) food
stodgily	adv.	in a stuffy manner
stodginess	n.	dull and pompous gravity
stodgy	adj.	heavy and starchy and hard to digest
stodgy	adj.	(used pejoratively) out of fashion; old fashioned
stodgy	adj.	excessively conventional and unimaginative and hence dull
stogie	n.	a cheap cigar
stoic	n.	a member of the ancient Greek school of philosophy founded by Zeno
stoic	n.	someone who is seemingly indifferent to emotions
stoic	adj.	seeming unaffected by pleasure or pain; impassive
stoic	adj.	pertaining to Stoicism or its followers
stoical	adj.	seeming unaffected by pleasure or pain; impassive
stoicism	n.	an indifference to pleasure or pain
stoicism	n.	(philosophy) the philosophical system of the Stoics following the teachings of the ancient Greek philosopher Zeno
stoke	v.	stir up or tend; of a fire
stoker	n.	Irish writer of the horror novel about Dracula (1847-1912)
stoker	n.	a laborer who tends fires (as on a coal-fired train or steamship)
stoker	n.	a mechanical device for stoking a furnace
stokes	v.	stir up or tend; of a fire
stole	n.	a wide scarf worn about their shoulders by women
stole	v.	take without the owner's consent
stole	v.	move stealthily
stole	v.	steal a base
stolen	v.	take without the owner's consent
stolen	v.	move stealthily
stolen	v.	steal a base
stolid	adj.	having or revealing little emotion or sensibility; not easily aroused or excited; ; - Nordhoff & Hall; -Virginia Woolf
stolidity	n.	apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions
stolidity	n.	an indifference to pleasure or pain
stolidness	n.	an indifference to pleasure or pain
stolon	n.	a horizontal branch from the base of plant that produces new plants from buds at its tips
stomach	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
stomach	n.	the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis
stomach	n.	an inclination or liking for things involving conflict or difficulty or unpleasantness
stomach	n.	an appetite for food
stomach	v.	bear to eat
stomach	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
stomachache	n.	an ache localized in the stomach or abdominal region
stomacher	n.	garment consisting of a V-shaped panel of stiff material worn over the chest and stomach in the 16th century
stomachs	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
stomachs	n.	the region of the body of a vertebrate between the thorax and the pelvis
stomachs	n.	an inclination or liking for things involving conflict or difficulty or unpleasantness
stomachs	n.	an appetite for food
stomachs	v.	bear to eat
stomachs	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
stomp	n.	a dance involving a rhythmical stamping step
stomp	v.	walk heavily
stone	n.	a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter
stone	n.	building material consisting of a piece of rock hewn in a definite shape for a special purpose
stone	n.	material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust
stone	n.	a crystalline rock that can be cut and polished for jewelry
stone	n.	an avoirdupois unit used to measure the weight of a human body; equal to 14 pounds
stone	n.	the hard inner (usually woody) layer of the pericarp of some fruits (as peaches or plums or cherries or olives) that contains the seed
stone	n.	United States jurist who was named chief justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1941 by Franklin D. Roosevelt (1872-1946)
stone	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1946)
stone	n.	United States feminist and suffragist (1818-1893)
stone	n.	United States journalist who advocated liberal causes (1907-1989)
stone	n.	United States jurist who served on the United States Supreme Court as chief justice (1872-1946)
stone	n.	United States architect (1902-1978)
stone	n.	a lack of feeling or expression or movement
stone	v.	kill by throwing stones at
stone	v.	remove the pits from
stone	adj.	of any of various dull tannish or grey colors
stonehenge	n.	an ancient megalithic monument in southern England; probably used for ritual purposes
stonemason	n.	a craftsman who works with stone or brick
stoner	n.	an attacker who pelts the victim with stones (especially with intent to kill)
stoner	adj.	of any of various dull tannish or grey colors
stonewall	v.	obstruct or hinder any discussion
stonewall	v.	engage in delaying tactics or refuse to cooperate
stoneware	n.	ceramic ware that is fired in high heat and vitrified and nonporous
stonewashed	v.	wash with stones to achieve a worn appearance
stonework	n.	masonry done with stone
stonily	adv.	in a stony manner
stony	adj.	abounding in rocks or stones
stony	adj.	showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings
stony	adj.	hard as granite
stood	v.	be standing; be upright
stood	v.	be in some specified state or condition
stood	v.	occupy a place or location, also metaphorically
stood	v.	hold one's ground; maintain a position; be steadfast or upright
stood	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
stood	v.	have or maintain a position or stand on an issue
stood	v.	remain inactive or immobile
stood	v.	be in effect; be or remain in force
stood	v.	be tall; have a height of; copula
stood	v.	put into an upright position
stood	v.	withstand the force of something
stood	v.	be available for stud services
stooge	n.	a person of unquestioning obedience
stooge	n.	a victim of ridicule or pranks
stooge	v.	cruise in slow or routine flights
stooge	v.	act as the stooge
stooge	v.	act as a stooge, in a compliant or subordinate manner
stool	n.	a simple seat without a back or arms
stool	n.	solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels
stool	n.	(forestry) the stump of a tree that has been felled or headed for the production of saplings
stool	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
stool	v.	lure with a stool, as of wild fowl
stool	v.	react to a decoy, of wildfowl
stool	v.	grow shoots in the form of stools or tillers
stool	v.	have a bowel movement
stoop	n.	an inclination of the top half of the body forward and downward
stoop	n.	basin for holy water
stoop	n.	small porch or set of steps at the front entrance of a house
stoop	v.	bend one's back forward from the waist on down
stoop	v.	debase oneself morally, act in an undignified, unworthy, or dishonorable way
stoop	v.	descend swiftly, as if on prey
stoop	v.	sag, bend, bend over or down
stoop	v.	carry oneself, often habitually, with head, shoulders, and upper back bent forward
stop	n.	the event of something ending
stop	n.	the act of stopping something
stop	n.	a brief stay in the course of a journey
stop	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
stop	n.	a spot where something halts or pauses
stop	n.	a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it
stop	n.	a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations
stop	n.	(music) a knob on an organ that is pulled to change the sound quality from the organ pipes
stop	n.	a mechanical device in a camera that controls size of aperture of the lens
stop	n.	a restraint that checks the motion of something
stop	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
stop	v.	come to a halt, stop moving
stop	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
stop	v.	stop from happening or developing
stop	v.	interrupt a trip
stop	v.	cause to stop
stop	v.	prevent completion
stop	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
stop	v.	seize on its way
stop	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
stop	v.	render unsuitable for passage
stop	v.	stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions or developments
stopcock	n.	faucet consisting of a rotating device for regulating flow of a liquid
stopgap	n.	something contrived to meet an urgent need or emergency
stoplight	n.	a red light on the rear of a motor vehicle that signals when the brakes are applied to slow or stop
stoplight	n.	a visual signal to control the flow of traffic at intersections
stopover	n.	a stopping place on a journey
stopover	n.	a brief stay in the course of a journey
stoppable	adj.	capable of being stopped
stoppage	n.	the state of inactivity following an interruption
stoppage	n.	an obstruction in a pipe or tube
stoppage	n.	the act of stopping something
stoppard	n.	British dramatist (born in Czechoslovakia in 1937)
stopped	v.	come to a halt, stop moving
stopped	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
stopped	v.	stop from happening or developing
stopped	v.	interrupt a trip
stopped	v.	cause to stop
stopped	v.	prevent completion
stopped	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
stopped	v.	seize on its way
stopped	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
stopped	v.	render unsuitable for passage
stopped	v.	stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions or developments
stopped	adj.	(of a nose) blocked
stopper	n.	an act so striking or impressive that the show must be delayed until the audience quiets down
stopper	n.	a remark to which there is no polite conversational reply
stopper	n.	(bridge) a playing card with a value sufficiently high to insure taking a trick in a particular suit
stopper	n.	blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly
stopper	v.	close or secure with or as if with a stopper
stopping	n.	fastener consisting of a narrow strip of welded metal used to join steel members
stopping	n.	the kind of playing that involves pressing the fingers on the strings of a stringed instrument to control the pitch
stopping	v.	come to a halt, stop moving
stopping	v.	put an end to a state or an activity
stopping	v.	stop from happening or developing
stopping	v.	interrupt a trip
stopping	v.	cause to stop
stopping	v.	prevent completion
stopping	v.	hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of
stopping	v.	seize on its way
stopping	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
stopping	v.	render unsuitable for passage
stopping	v.	stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions or developments
stopple	n.	blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly
stopple	v.	close or secure with or as if with a stopper
stopwatch	n.	a timepiece that can be started or stopped for exact timing (as of a race)
storage	n.	the act of storing something
storage	n.	a depository for goods
storage	n.	the commercial enterprise of storing goods and materials
storage	n.	(computer science) the process of storing information in a computer memory or on a magnetic tape or disk
storage	n.	an electronic memory device
storage	n.	depositing in a warehouse
store	n.	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services
store	n.	a supply of something available for future use
store	n.	an electronic memory device
store	n.	a depository for goods
store	v.	keep or lay aside for future use
store	v.	find a place for and put away for storage
storefront	n.	the front side of a store facing the street; usually contains display windows
storehouse	n.	a depository for goods
storekeeper	n.	a merchant who owns or manages a shop
storeroom	n.	a room in which things are stored
stork	n.	large mostly Old World wading birds typically having white-and-black plumage
storm	n.	a violent weather condition with winds 64-72 knots (11 on the Beaufort scale) and precipitation and thunder and lightning
storm	n.	a violent commotion or disturbance
storm	n.	a direct and violent assault on a stronghold
storm	v.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger
storm	v.	take by force
storm	v.	rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning
storm	v.	blow hard
storm	v.	attack by storm; attack suddenly
stormily	adv.	in a stormy or violent manner
storminess	n.	the state of being stormy
storminess	n.	violent passion in speech or action
stormy	adj.	(especially of weather) affected or characterized by storms or commotion
stormy	adj.	characterized by violent emotions or behavior
story	n.	a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program
story	n.	a piece of fiction that narrates a chain of related events
story	n.	a structure consisting of a room or set of rooms at a single position along a vertical scale
story	n.	a record or narrative description of past events
story	n.	a short account of the news
story	n.	a trivial lie
storybook	n.	a book containing a collection of stories (usually for children)
storyteller	n.	someone who tells a story
storyteller	n.	someone who tells lies
stoup	n.	an archaic drinking vessel
stoup	n.	basin for holy water
stout	n.	a strong very dark heavy-bodied ale made from pale malt and roasted unmalted barley and (often) caramel malt with hops
stout	n.	a garment size for a large or heavy person
stout	adj.	dependable
stout	adj.	euphemisms for `fat'
stout	adj.	having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships
stouthearted	adj.	used especially of persons
stoutness	n.	the property of being strong and resolute
stoutness	n.	the property of excessive fatness
stove	n.	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food
stove	n.	any heating apparatus
stove	v.	furnish with staves
stove	v.	burst or force (a hole) into something
stovepipe	n.	chimney consisting of a metal pipe of large diameter that is used to connect a stove to a flue
stovepipe	n.	a man's hat with a tall crown; usually covered with silk or with beaver fur
stow	v.	fill by packing tightly
stowage	n.	the charge for stowing goods
stowage	n.	a room in which things are stored
stowage	n.	the act of packing or storing away
stowaway	n.	a person who hides aboard a ship or plane in the hope of getting free passage
stowe	n.	United States writer of a novel about slavery that advanced the abolitionists' cause (1811-1896)
straddle	n.	a noncommittal or equivocal position
straddle	n.	a gymnastic exercise performed with a leg on either side of the parallel bars
straddle	n.	the act of sitting or standing astride
straddle	n.	the option to buy or sell a given stock (or stock index or commodity future) at a given price before a given date; consists of an equal number of put and call options
straddle	v.	sit or stand astride of
straddle	v.	range or extend over; occupy a certain area
straddle	v.	be noncommittal
stradivari	n.	Italian violin maker who developed the modern violin and created violins of unequaled tonal quality (1644?-1737)
stradivarius	n.	Italian violin maker who developed the modern violin and created violins of unequaled tonal quality (1644?-1737)
strafe	n.	an attack of machine-gun fire or cannon fire from a low flying airplane
strafe	v.	attack with machine guns or cannon fire from a low-flying plane
straggle	n.	a wandering or disorderly grouping (of things or persons)
straggle	v.	wander from a direct or straight course
straggle	v.	go, come, or spread in a rambling or irregular way
straggler	n.	someone who strays or falls behind
straggly	adj.	spreading out in different directions
straggly	adj.	growing or spreading sparsely or irregularly
straight	n.	a heterosexual person; someone having a sexual orientation to persons of the opposite sex
straight	n.	a poker hand with 5 consecutive cards (regardless of suit)
straight	n.	a straight segment of a roadway or racecourse
straight	adj.	successive (without a break)
straight	adj.	having no deviations
straight	adj.	(of hair) having no waves or curls
straight	adj.	erect in posture
straight	adj.	in keeping with the facts
straight	adj.	characterized by honesty and fairness
straight	adj.	no longer coiled
straight	adj.	free from curves or angles
straight	adj.	neatly arranged; not disorderly
straight	adj.	not homosexual
straight	adj.	accurately fitted; level
straight	adj.	without evasion or compromise
straight	adj.	without water
straight	adj.	following a correct or logical method
straight	adj.	rigidly conventional or old-fashioned
straight	adv.	without deviation
straight	adv.	in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly
straight	adv.	in a straight line; in a direct course
straightaway	n.	a straight segment of a roadway or racecourse
straightaway	adj.	performed with little or no delay
straightaway	adv.	without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening
straightedge	n.	hand tool consisting of a flat rigid rectangular bar (metal or wood) that can be used to draw straight lines (or test their straightness)
straighten	v.	straighten up or out; make straight
straighten	v.	make straight
straighten	v.	get up from a sitting or slouching position
straighten	v.	put (things or places) in order
straighten	v.	straighten by unrolling
straighten	v.	make straight or straighter
straightener	n.	a device for straightening
straightforward	adj.	free from ambiguity
straightforward	adj.	without evasion or compromise
straightforward	adj.	without concealment or deception; honest
straightforward	adj.	pointed directly ahead
straightforwardness	n.	the quality of being direct and straightforward
straightforwardness	n.	without hypocrisy
straightness	n.	(of hair) lack of a tendency to curl
straightness	n.	freedom from crooks or curves or bends or angles
straightness	n.	trueness of course toward a goal
straightness	n.	having honest intentions
straightness	n.	a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the opposite sex
straightway	adv.	at once
straightway	adv.	in a direct course
strain	n.	(physics) deformation of a physical body under the action of applied forces
strain	n.	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension; ; - R.J.Samuelson
strain	n.	a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
strain	n.	(psychology) nervousness resulting from mental stress
strain	n.	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species
strain	n.	(biology) a group of organisms within a species that differ in trivial ways from similar groups
strain	n.	injury to a muscle (often caused by overuse); results in swelling and pain
strain	n.	the general meaning or substance of an utterance
strain	n.	an effortful attempt to attain a goal
strain	n.	an intense or violent exertion
strain	n.	the act of singing
strain	v.	to exert much effort or energy
strain	v.	test the limits of
strain	v.	use to the utmost; exert vigorously or to full capacity
strain	v.	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements
strain	v.	cause to be tense and uneasy or nervous or anxious
strain	v.	become stretched or tense or taut
strain	v.	remove by passing through a filter
strain	v.	rub through a strainer or process in an electric blender
strain	v.	alter the shape of (something) by stress
strainer	n.	a filter to retain larger pieces while smaller pieces and liquids pass through
strait	n.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
strait	n.	a bad or difficult situation or state of affairs
strait	adj.	narrow
straiten	v.	bring into difficulties or distress, especially financial hardship
straiten	v.	squeeze together
straitjacket	n.	anything immaterial that severely hinders or confines
straitjacket	n.	a garment similar to a jacket that is used to bind the arms tightly against the body as a means of restraining a violent person
straitlaced	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
strand	n.	a pattern forming a unity within a larger structural whole
strand	n.	line consisting of a complex of fibers or filaments that are twisted together to form a thread or a rope or a cable
strand	n.	a necklace made by a stringing objects together
strand	n.	a very slender natural or synthetic fiber
strand	n.	a poetic term for a shore (as the area periodically covered and uncovered by the tides)
strand	n.	a street in west central London famous for its theaters and hotels
strand	v.	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue
strand	v.	drive (a vessel) ashore
strand	v.	bring to the ground
strange	adj.	being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird
strange	adj.	not known before
strange	adj.	relating to or originating in or characteristic of another place or part of the world
strangeness	n.	unusualness as a consequence of not being well known
strangeness	n.	(physics) one of the six flavors of quark
strangeness	n.	the quality of being alien or not native
stranger	n.	anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found
stranger	n.	an individual that one is not acquainted with
stranger	adj.	being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird
stranger	adj.	not known before
stranger	adj.	relating to or originating in or characteristic of another place or part of the world
strangle	v.	kill by squeezing the throat of so as to cut off the air
strangle	v.	conceal or hide
strangle	v.	die from strangulation
strangle	v.	prevent the progress or free movement of
strangle	v.	constrict (someone's) throat and keep from breathing
strangle	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
stranglehold	n.	complete power over a person or situation
stranglehold	n.	a wrestling hold in which the arms are pressed against the opponent's windpipe
strangler	n.	an epiphytic vine or tree whose aerial roots extend down the trunk of a supporting tree and coalesce around it eventually strangling the tree
strangler	n.	someone who kills by strangling
strangulate	v.	kill by squeezing the throat of so as to cut off the air
strangulate	v.	constrict a hollow organ or vessel so as to stop the flow of blood or air
strangulate	v.	become constricted
strangulation	n.	the act of suffocating (someone) by constricting the windpipe
strangulation	n.	the condition of having respiration stopped by compression of the air passage
strangulation	n.	(pathology) constriction of a body part so as to cut off the flow of blood or other fluid
strap	n.	an elongated leather strip (or a strip of similar material) for binding things together or holding something in position
strap	n.	hanger consisting of a loop of leather suspended from the ceiling of a bus or train; passengers hold onto it
strap	n.	a band that goes over the shoulder and supports a garment or bag
strap	n.	whip consisting of a strip of leather used in flogging
strap	v.	tie with a strap
strap	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
strap	v.	sharpen with a strap
strap	v.	secure (a sprained joint) with a strap
strapless	n.	a woman's garment that exposes the shoulders and has no shoulder straps
strapless	adj.	having no straps
strapped	v.	tie with a strap
strapped	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
strapped	v.	sharpen with a strap
strapped	v.	secure (a sprained joint) with a strap
strapping	v.	tie with a strap
strapping	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
strapping	v.	sharpen with a strap
strapping	v.	secure (a sprained joint) with a strap
strapping	adj.	muscular and heavily built
strasbourg	n.	city on the Rhine in eastern France near the German border; an inland port
strata	n.	one of several parallel layers of material arranged one on top of another (such as a layer of tissue or cells in an organism or a layer of sedimentary rock)
strata	n.	people having the same social, economic, or educational status
strata	n.	an abstract place usually conceived as having depth
stratagem	n.	a maneuver in a game or conversation
stratagem	n.	an elaborate or deceitful scheme contrived to deceive or evade
strategic	adj.	relating to or concerned with strategy
strategic	adj.	highly important to or an integral part of a strategy or plan of action especially in war
strategical	adj.	relating to or concerned with strategy
strategics	n.	the science or art of strategy
strategist	n.	an expert in strategy (especially in warfare)
strategy	n.	an elaborate and systematic plan of action
strategy	n.	the branch of military science dealing with military command and the planning and conduct of a war
strati	n.	a large dark low cloud
stratification	n.	the act or process or arranging persons into classes or social strata
stratification	n.	the condition of being arranged in social strata or classes within a group
stratification	n.	forming or depositing in layers
stratification	n.	a layered configuration
stratification	n.	the placing of seeds in damp sand or sawdust or peat moss in order to preserve them or promote germination
stratify	v.	divide society into social classes or castes
stratify	v.	form layers or strata
stratify	v.	develop different social levels, classes, or castes
stratify	v.	form, arrange, or deposit in layers
stratify	v.	render fertile and preserve by placing between layers of earth or sand
stratosphere	n.	the atmospheric layer between the troposphere and the mesosphere
stratum	n.	one of several parallel layers of material arranged one on top of another (such as a layer of tissue or cells in an organism or a layer of sedimentary rock)
stratum	n.	people having the same social, economic, or educational status
stratum	n.	an abstract place usually conceived as having depth
stratus	n.	a large dark low cloud
strauss	n.	German composer of many operas; collaborated with librettist Hugo von Hoffmannsthal to produce several operas (1864-1949)
strauss	n.	Austrian composer and son of Strauss the Elder; composed many famous waltzes and became known as the `waltz king' (1825-1899)
strauss	n.	Austrian composer of waltzes (1804-1849)
stravinsky	n.	composer who was born in Russia but lived in the United States after 1939 (1882-1971)
stravinsky	n.	the music of Stravinsky
straw	n.	plant fiber used e.g. for making baskets and hats or as fodder
straw	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
straw	n.	a variable yellow tint; dull yellow, often diluted with white
straw	n.	a thin paper or plastic tube used to suck liquids into the mouth
straw	v.	cover or provide with or as if with straw
straw	v.	spread by scattering ( is archaic)
straw	adj.	of a pale yellow color like straw; straw-colored
strawberry	n.	sweet fleshy red fruit
strawberry	n.	any of various low perennial herbs with many runners and bearing white flowers followed by edible fruits having many small achenes scattered on the surface of an enlarged red pulpy berry
strawberry	n.	a soft red birthmark
stray	n.	an animal that has strayed (especially a domestic animal)
stray	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
stray	v.	wander from a direct course or at random
stray	v.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking
stray	adj.	not close together in time
stray	adj.	(of an animal) having no home or having wandered away from home
streak	n.	an unbroken series of events
streak	n.	a distinctive characteristic
streak	n.	a narrow marking of a different color or texture from the background
streak	n.	a sudden flash (as of lightning)
streak	v.	move quickly in a straight line
streak	v.	run naked in a public place
streak	v.	mark with spots or blotches of different color or shades of color as if stained
streaker	n.	someone who takes off all their clothes and runs naked through a public place
streaky	adj.	marked with or as if with stripes or linear discolorations
stream	n.	a natural body of running water flowing on or under the earth
stream	n.	dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas
stream	n.	the act of flowing or streaming; continuous progression
stream	n.	something that resembles a flowing stream in moving continuously
stream	n.	a steady flow of a fluid (usually from natural causes)
stream	v.	to extend, wave or float outward, as if in the wind
stream	v.	exude profusely
stream	v.	move in large numbers
stream	v.	rain heavily
stream	v.	flow freely and abundantly
streamer	n.	light that streams
streamer	n.	a newspaper headline that runs across the full page
streamer	n.	a long flag; often tapering
streamer	n.	long strip of cloth or paper used for decoration or advertising
streamline	v.	contour economically or efficiently
street	n.	a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks) that is lined with buildings
street	n.	the part of a thoroughfare between the sidewalks; the part of the thoroughfare on which vehicles travel
street	n.	the streets of a city viewed as a depressed environment in which there is poverty and crime and prostitution and dereliction
street	n.	a situation offering opportunities
street	n.	people living or working on the same street
streetcar	n.	a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity
streetlight	n.	a lamp supported on a lamppost; for illuminating a street
streetwalker	n.	a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets
streetwise	adj.	having the shrewd resourcefulness needed to survive in an urban environment
streisand	n.	United States singer and actress (born in 1942)
strength	n.	the property of being physically or mentally strong
strength	n.	capability in terms of personnel and materiel that affect the capacity to fight a war
strength	n.	physical energy or intensity
strength	n.	an asset of special worth or utility
strength	n.	the power to induce the taking of a course of action or the embracing of a point of view by means of argument or entreaty
strength	n.	the amount of energy transmitted (as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation)
strength	n.	capacity to produce strong physiological or chemical effects
strength	n.	the condition of financial success
strength	n.	permanence by virtue of the power to resist stress or force
strengthen	v.	make strong or stronger
strengthen	v.	gain strength
strengthen	v.	give a healthy elasticity to
strengthener	n.	a device designed to provide additional strength
strengths	n.	the property of being physically or mentally strong
strengths	n.	capability in terms of personnel and materiel that affect the capacity to fight a war
strengths	n.	physical energy or intensity
strengths	n.	an asset of special worth or utility
strengths	n.	the power to induce the taking of a course of action or the embracing of a point of view by means of argument or entreaty
strengths	n.	the amount of energy transmitted (as by acoustic or electromagnetic radiation)
strengths	n.	capacity to produce strong physiological or chemical effects
strengths	n.	the condition of financial success
strengths	n.	permanence by virtue of the power to resist stress or force
strenuous	adj.	characterized by or performed with much energy or force
strenuous	adj.	taxing to the utmost; testing powers of endurance; ; ; - F.D.Roosevelt
strenuousness	n.	extreme effortfulness
strep	n.	spherical Gram-positive bacteria occurring in pairs or chains; cause e.g. scarlet fever and tonsillitis
strep	adj.	of or relating to or caused by streptococci
streptococcal	adj.	of or relating to or caused by streptococci
streptococci	n.	spherical Gram-positive bacteria occurring in pairs or chains; cause e.g. scarlet fever and tonsillitis
streptococcus	n.	spherical Gram-positive bacteria occurring in pairs or chains; cause e.g. scarlet fever and tonsillitis
streptomycin	n.	an antibiotic produced by the actinomycete Streptomyces griseus and used to treat tuberculosis
stress	n.	the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard to stress or pitch)
stress	n.	(psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense
stress	n.	special emphasis attached to something
stress	n.	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension; ; - R.J.Samuelson
stress	n.	(physics) force that produces strain on a physical body
stress	v.	to stress, single out as important
stress	v.	put stress on; utter with an accent
stress	v.	test the limits of
stressed	v.	to stress, single out as important
stressed	v.	put stress on; utter with an accent
stressed	v.	test the limits of
stressed	adj.	suffering severe physical strain or distress
stressed	adj.	bearing a stress or accent
stressful	adj.	extremely irritating to the nerves
stressors	n.	any agent that causes stress to an organism
stretch	n.	a large and unbroken expanse or distance
stretch	n.	the act of physically reaching or thrusting out
stretch	n.	a straightaway section of a racetrack
stretch	n.	exercise designed to extend the limbs and muscles to their full extent
stretch	n.	extension to or beyond the ordinary limit
stretch	n.	an unbroken period of time during which you do something
stretch	n.	the capacity for being stretched
stretch	v.	occupy a large, elongated area
stretch	v.	extend one's limbs or muscles, or the entire body
stretch	v.	extend or stretch out to a greater or the full length
stretch	v.	become longer by being stretched and pulled
stretch	v.	make long or longer by pulling and stretching
stretch	v.	lie down comfortably
stretch	v.	pull in opposite directions
stretch	v.	extend the scope or meaning of; often unduly
stretch	v.	corrupt, debase, or make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance; often by replacing valuable ingredients with inferior ones
stretch	v.	increase in quantity or bulk by adding a cheaper substance
stretch	v.	extend one's body or limbs
stretch	adj.	having an elongated seating area
stretch	adj.	easily stretched
stretcher	n.	a wooden framework on which canvas is stretched and fixed for oil painting
stretcher	n.	a mechanical device used to make something larger (as shoes or gloves) by stretching it
stretcher	n.	a litter for transporting people who are ill or wounded or dead; usually consists of a sheet of canvas stretched between two poles
stretcher	n.	a stone that forms the top of wall or building
stretchy	adj.	capable of being easily stretched and resuming former size or shape
strew	v.	spread by scattering ( is archaic)
strew	v.	cover; be dispersed over
strewn	v.	spread by scattering ( is archaic)
strewn	v.	cover; be dispersed over
stria	n.	any of a number of tiny parallel grooves such as: the scratches left by a glacier on rocks or the streaks or ridges in muscle tissue
stria	n.	a stripe or stripes of contrasting color
striae	n.	any of a number of tiny parallel grooves such as: the scratches left by a glacier on rocks or the streaks or ridges in muscle tissue
striae	n.	a stripe or stripes of contrasting color
striated	v.	mark with striae or striations
striation	n.	any of a number of tiny parallel grooves such as: the scratches left by a glacier on rocks or the streaks or ridges in muscle tissue
striation	n.	a stripe or stripes of contrasting color
stricken	adj.	grievously affected especially by disease
stricken	adj.	(used in combination) affected by something overwhelming
stricken	adj.	put out of action (by illness)
strickland	n.	United States architect and student of Latrobe (1787-1854)
strict	adj.	rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard
strict	adj.	(of rules) stringently enforced
strict	adj.	characterized by strictness, severity, or restraint
strict	adj.	incapable of compromise or flexibility
strict	adj.	severe and unremitting in making demands
strictness	n.	conscientious attention to rules and details
strictness	n.	uncompromising resolution
stricture	n.	abnormal narrowing of a bodily canal or passageway
stricture	n.	severe criticism
stridden	v.	walk with long steps
stridden	v.	cover or traverse by taking long steps
stride	n.	a step in walking or running
stride	n.	the distance covered by a step
stride	n.	significant progress (especially in the phrase )
stride	v.	walk with long steps
stride	v.	cover or traverse by taking long steps
stridency	n.	having the timbre of a loud high-pitched sound
strident	adj.	conspicuously and offensively loud; given to vehement outcry
strident	adj.	of speech sounds produced by forcing air through a constricted passage (as `f', `s', `z', or `th' in both `thin' and `then')
strident	adj.	being sharply insistent on being heard
strident	adj.	unpleasantly loud and harsh
strife	n.	lack of agreement or harmony
strife	n.	bitter conflict; heated often violent dissension
strike	n.	a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions
strike	n.	an attack that is intended to seize or inflict damage on or destroy an objective
strike	n.	a gentle blow
strike	n.	a score in tenpins: knocking down all ten with the first ball
strike	n.	(baseball) a pitch that the batter swings at and misses, or that the batter hits into foul territory, or that the batter does not swing at but the umpire judges to be in the area over home plate and between the batter's knees and shoulders
strike	n.	a conspicuous success
strike	v.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon
strike	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
strike	v.	hit against; come into sudden contact with
strike	v.	make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target
strike	v.	indicate (a certain time) by striking
strike	v.	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
strike	v.	stop work in order to press demands
strike	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
strike	v.	attain
strike	v.	produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
strike	v.	cause to form (an electric arc) between electrodes of an arc lamp
strike	v.	find unexpectedly
strike	v.	produce by ignition or a blow
strike	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
strike	v.	cause to experience suddenly
strike	v.	drive something violently into a location
strike	v.	occupy or take on
strike	v.	form by stamping, punching, or printing
strike	v.	smooth with a strickle
strike	v.	pierce with force
strike	v.	arrive at after reckoning, deliberating, and weighing
strikebound	adj.	closed or immobilized by a strike
strikebreaker	n.	someone who works (or provides workers) during a strike
strikebreaking	n.	confrontational activities intended to break up a strike by workers
strikeout	n.	an out resulting from the batter getting three strikes
striker	n.	a forward on a soccer team
striker	n.	someone receiving intensive training for a naval technical rating
striker	n.	an employee on strike against an employer
striker	n.	someone who hits
striker	n.	the part of a mechanical device that strikes something
striking	n.	the physical coming together of two or more things
striking	n.	the act of contacting one thing with another
striking	v.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon
striking	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
striking	v.	hit against; come into sudden contact with
striking	v.	make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target
striking	v.	indicate (a certain time) by striking
striking	v.	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
striking	v.	stop work in order to press demands
striking	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
striking	v.	attain
striking	v.	produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
striking	v.	cause to form (an electric arc) between electrodes of an arc lamp
striking	v.	find unexpectedly
striking	v.	produce by ignition or a blow
striking	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
striking	v.	cause to experience suddenly
striking	v.	drive something violently into a location
striking	v.	occupy or take on
striking	v.	form by stamping, punching, or printing
striking	v.	smooth with a strickle
striking	v.	pierce with force
striking	v.	arrive at after reckoning, deliberating, and weighing
striking	adj.	sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect
striking	adj.	having a quality that thrusts itself into attention
strindberg	n.	Swedish dramatist and novelist (1849-1912)
string	n.	a lightweight cord
string	n.	stringed instruments that are played with a bow
string	n.	a tightly stretched cord of wire or gut, which makes sound when plucked, struck, or bowed
string	n.	a sequentially ordered set of things or events or ideas in which each successive member is related to the preceding
string	n.	a linear sequence of symbols (characters or words or phrases)
string	n.	a tie consisting of a cord that goes through a seam around an opening
string	n.	a tough piece of fiber in vegetables, meat, or other food (especially the tough fibers connecting the two halves of a bean pod)
string	n.	(cosmology) a hypothetical one-dimensional subatomic particle having a concentration of energy and the dynamic properties of a flexible loop
string	n.	a collection of objects threaded on a single strand
string	n.	a necklace made by a stringing objects together
string	v.	thread on or as if on a string
string	v.	add as if on a string
string	v.	move or come along
string	v.	stretch out or arrange like a string
string	v.	string together; tie or fasten with a string
string	v.	remove the stringy parts of
string	v.	provide with strings
stringency	n.	a state occasioned by scarcity of money and a shortage of credit
stringency	n.	conscientious attention to rules and details
stringent	adj.	demanding strict attention to rules and procedures
stringer	n.	a member of a squad on a team
stringer	n.	a worker who strings
stringer	n.	brace consisting of a longitudinal member to strengthen a fuselage or hull
stringer	n.	a long horizontal timber to connect uprights
stringy	adj.	lean and sinewy
stringy	adj.	(of meat) full of sinews; especially impossible to chew
stringy	adj.	forming viscous or glutinous threads
stringy	adj.	consisting of or containing string or strings
strip	n.	a relatively long narrow piece of something
strip	n.	artifact consisting of a narrow flat piece of material
strip	n.	an airfield without normal airport facilities
strip	n.	a sequence of drawings telling a story in a newspaper or comic book
strip	n.	thin piece of wood or metal
strip	n.	a form of erotic entertainment in which a dancer gradually undresses to music
strip	v.	take away possessions from someone
strip	v.	get undressed
strip	v.	remove the surface from
strip	v.	remove substances from by a percolating liquid
strip	v.	lay bare
strip	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
strip	v.	remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely
strip	v.	strip the cured leaves from
strip	v.	remove the thread (of screws)
strip	v.	remove a constituent from a liquid
strip	v.	take off or remove
strip	v.	draw the last milk (of cows)
strip	v.	remove (someone's or one's own) clothes
stripe	n.	an adornment consisting of a strip of a contrasting color or material
stripe	n.	a piece of braid, usually on the sleeve, indicating military rank or length of service
stripe	n.	V-shaped sleeve badge indicating military rank and service
stripe	n.	a kind or category
stripe	n.	a narrow marking of a different color or texture from the background
stripe	v.	mark with stripes
stripling	n.	a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity
stripped	v.	take away possessions from someone
stripped	v.	get undressed
stripped	v.	remove the surface from
stripped	v.	remove substances from by a percolating liquid
stripped	v.	lay bare
stripped	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
stripped	v.	remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely
stripped	v.	strip the cured leaves from
stripped	v.	remove the thread (of screws)
stripped	v.	remove a constituent from a liquid
stripped	v.	take off or remove
stripped	v.	draw the last milk (of cows)
stripped	v.	remove (someone's or one's own) clothes
stripped	adj.	having only essential or minimal features
stripped	adj.	having everything extraneous removed including contents
stripped	adj.	with clothing stripped off
stripper	n.	a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish
stripper	n.	a worker who strips the stems from moistened tobacco leaves and binds the leaves together into books
stripper	n.	a performer who provides erotic entertainment by undressing to music
stripper	n.	an oil well whose production has declined to less than ten barrels a day
stripping	n.	the removal of covering
stripping	v.	take away possessions from someone
stripping	v.	get undressed
stripping	v.	remove the surface from
stripping	v.	remove substances from by a percolating liquid
stripping	v.	lay bare
stripping	v.	steal goods; take as spoils
stripping	v.	remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely
stripping	v.	strip the cured leaves from
stripping	v.	remove the thread (of screws)
stripping	v.	remove a constituent from a liquid
stripping	v.	take off or remove
stripping	v.	draw the last milk (of cows)
stripping	v.	remove (someone's or one's own) clothes
striptease	n.	a performer who provides erotic entertainment by undressing to music
striptease	n.	a form of erotic entertainment in which a dancer gradually undresses to music
stripteaser	n.	a performer who provides erotic entertainment by undressing to music
stripy	adj.	marked or decorated with stripes
strive	v.	attempt by employing effort
strive	v.	to exert much effort or energy
striven	v.	attempt by employing effort
striven	v.	to exert much effort or energy
strobe	n.	scientific instrument that provides a flashing light synchronized with the periodic movement of an object; can make moving object appear stationary
stroboscope	n.	scientific instrument that provides a flashing light synchronized with the periodic movement of an object; can make moving object appear stationary
strode	v.	walk with long steps
strode	v.	cover or traverse by taking long steps
stroke	n.	(sports) the act of swinging or striking at a ball with a club or racket or bat or cue or hand
stroke	n.	the maximum movement available to a pivoted or reciprocating piece by a cam
stroke	n.	a sudden loss of consciousness resulting when the rupture or occlusion of a blood vessel leads to oxygen lack in the brain
stroke	n.	a light touch
stroke	n.	a light touch with the hands
stroke	n.	(golf) the unit of scoring in golf is the act of hitting the ball with a club
stroke	n.	the oarsman nearest the stern of the shell who sets the pace for the rest of the crew
stroke	n.	anything that happens suddenly or by chance without an apparent cause
stroke	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
stroke	n.	a mark made on a surface by a pen, pencil, or paintbrush
stroke	n.	any one of the repeated movements of the limbs and body used for locomotion in swimming or rowing
stroke	n.	a single complete movement
stroke	v.	touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions
stroke	v.	strike a ball with a smooth blow
stroke	v.	row at a particular rate
stroke	v.	treat gingerly or carefully
stroll	n.	a leisurely walk (usually in some public place)
stroll	v.	walk leisurely and with no apparent aim
stroller	n.	someone who walks at a leisurely pace
stroller	n.	a small vehicle with four wheels in which a baby or child is pushed around
strong	adj.	having strength or power greater than average or expected
strong	adj.	not faint or feeble
strong	adj.	having or wielding force or authority
strong	adj.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect; ; ; ,
strong	adj.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with
strong	adj.	of good quality and condition; solidly built
strong	adj.	of verbs not having standard (or regular) inflection
strong	adj.	being distilled rather than fermented; having a high alcoholic content
strong	adj.	freshly made or left
strong	adj.	strong and sure
strongbox	n.	a strongly made box for holding money or valuables; can be locked
stronghold	n.	a strongly fortified defensive structure
strongman	n.	a man who performs feats of strength at a fair or circus
strongman	n.	a powerful political figure who rules by the exercise of force or violence
strongmen	n.	a man who performs feats of strength at a fair or circus
strongmen	n.	a powerful political figure who rules by the exercise of force or violence
strongroom	n.	a burglarproof and fireproof room in which valuables are kept
strontium	n.	a soft silver-white or yellowish metallic element of the alkali metal group; turns yellow in air; occurs in celestite and strontianite
strop	n.	a leather strap used to sharpen razors
strop	v.	sharpen on a strop
strophe	n.	one section of a lyric poem or choral ode in classical Greek drama
stropped	v.	sharpen on a strop
stropping	v.	sharpen on a strop
stroppy	adj.	obstreperous
strove	v.	attempt by employing effort
strove	v.	to exert much effort or energy
struck	v.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon
struck	v.	have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
struck	v.	hit against; come into sudden contact with
struck	v.	make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target
struck	v.	indicate (a certain time) by striking
struck	v.	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
struck	v.	stop work in order to press demands
struck	v.	touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly
struck	v.	attain
struck	v.	produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically
struck	v.	cause to form (an electric arc) between electrodes of an arc lamp
struck	v.	find unexpectedly
struck	v.	produce by ignition or a blow
struck	v.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line
struck	v.	cause to experience suddenly
struck	v.	drive something violently into a location
struck	v.	occupy or take on
struck	v.	form by stamping, punching, or printing
struck	v.	smooth with a strickle
struck	v.	pierce with force
struck	v.	arrive at after reckoning, deliberating, and weighing
struck	adj.	(used in combination) affected by something overwhelming
structural	adj.	relating to or caused by structure, especially political or economic structure
structural	adj.	relating to or having or characterized by structure
structural	adj.	affecting or involved in structure or construction
structural	adj.	concerned with systematic structure in a particular field of study
structural	adj.	pertaining to geological structure
structural	adj.	relating to or concerned with the morphology of plants and animals
structuralism	n.	linguistics defined as the analysis of formal structures in a text or discourse
structuralism	n.	an anthropological theory that there are unobservable social structures that generate observable social phenomena
structuralism	n.	a sociological theory based on the premise that society comes before individuals
structure	n.	a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts
structure	n.	the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of its parts
structure	n.	the complex composition of knowledge as elements and their combinations
structure	n.	a particular complex anatomical part of a living thing
structure	n.	the people in a society considered as a system organized by a characteristic pattern of relationships
structure	v.	give a structure to
structured	v.	give a structure to
structured	adj.	having definite and highly organized structure
structured	adj.	resembling a living organism in organization or development
strudel	n.	thin sheet of filled dough rolled and baked
struggle	n.	an energetic attempt to achieve something
struggle	n.	an open clash between two opposing groups (or individuals); --Thomas Paine
struggle	n.	strenuous effort
struggle	v.	make a strenuous or labored effort
struggle	v.	to exert strenuous effort against opposition
struggle	v.	climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling
struggle	v.	be engaged in a fight; carry on a fight
strum	n.	sound of strumming
strum	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
strummed	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
strumming	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
strumpet	n.	a woman adulterer
strung	v.	thread on or as if on a string
strung	v.	add as if on a string
strung	v.	move or come along
strung	v.	stretch out or arrange like a string
strung	v.	string together; tie or fasten with a string
strung	v.	remove the stringy parts of
strung	v.	provide with strings
strung	adj.	that is on a string
strut	n.	a proud stiff pompous gait
strut	n.	brace consisting of a bar or rod used to resist longitudinal compression
strut	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
strutted	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
strutting	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
strychnine	n.	an alkaloid plant toxin extracted chiefly from nux vomica; formerly used as a stimulant
stuart	n.	United States painter best known for his portraits of George Washington (1755-1828)
stuart	n.	a member of the royal family that ruled Scotland and England
stuart	n.	the royal family that ruled Scotland from 1371-1714 and ruled England from 1603 to 1649 and again from 1660 to 1714
stub	n.	a short piece remaining on a trunk or stem where a branch is lost
stub	n.	a small piece
stub	n.	a torn part of a ticket returned to the holder as a receipt
stub	n.	the part of a check that is retained as a record
stub	n.	the small unused part of something (especially the end of a cigarette that is left after smoking)
stub	v.	pull up (weeds) by their roots
stub	v.	extinguish by crushing
stub	v.	clear of weeds by uprooting them
stub	v.	strike (one's toe) accidentally against an object
stubbed	v.	pull up (weeds) by their roots
stubbed	v.	extinguish by crushing
stubbed	v.	clear of weeds by uprooting them
stubbed	v.	strike (one's toe) accidentally against an object
stubbing	v.	pull up (weeds) by their roots
stubbing	v.	extinguish by crushing
stubbing	v.	clear of weeds by uprooting them
stubbing	v.	strike (one's toe) accidentally against an object
stubble	n.	material consisting of seed coverings and small pieces of stem or leaves that have been separated from the seeds
stubble	n.	short stiff hairs growing on a man's face when he has not shaved for a few days
stubbly	adj.	having a short growth of beard
stubborn	adj.	tenaciously unwilling or marked by tenacious unwillingness to yield
stubborn	adj.	not responding to treatment
stubbornness	n.	the trait of being difficult to handle or overcome
stubbornness	n.	resolute adherence to your own ideas or desires
stubby	adj.	short and blunt
stucco	n.	a plaster now made mostly from Portland cement and sand and lime; applied while soft to cover exterior walls or surfaces
stucco	v.	decorate with stucco work
stucco	v.	coat with stucco
stuccoes	n.	a plaster now made mostly from Portland cement and sand and lime; applied while soft to cover exterior walls or surfaces
stuccoes	v.	decorate with stucco work
stuccoes	v.	coat with stucco
stuck	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
stuck	v.	stay put (in a certain place)
stuck	v.	stick to firmly
stuck	v.	be or become fixed
stuck	v.	endure
stuck	v.	be a devoted follower or supporter
stuck	v.	be loyal to
stuck	v.	cover and decorate with objects that pierce the surface
stuck	v.	fasten with an adhesive material like glue
stuck	v.	fasten with or as with pins or nails
stuck	v.	fasten into place by fixing an end or point into something
stuck	v.	pierce with a thrust using a pointed instrument
stuck	v.	pierce or penetrate or puncture with something pointed
stuck	v.	come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation
stuck	v.	saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous
stuck	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
stuck	adj.	caught or fixed
stuck	adj.	baffled
stud	n.	a man who is virile and sexually active
stud	n.	ornament consisting of a circular rounded protuberance (as on a vault or shield or belt)
stud	n.	an upright in house framing
stud	n.	adult male horse kept for breeding
stud	n.	poker in which each player receives hole cards and the remainder are dealt face up; bets are placed after each card is dealt
stud	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
stud	v.	provide with or construct with studs
studbook	n.	official record of the pedigree of purebred animals especially horses
studded	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
studded	v.	provide with or construct with studs
studded	adj.	dotted or adorned with or as with studs or nailheads; usually used in combination
studding	v.	scatter or intersperse like dots or studs
studding	v.	provide with or construct with studs
student	n.	a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
student	n.	a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study has gained mastery in one or more disciplines
studentship	n.	the position of student
studied	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
studied	v.	be a student; follow a course of study; be enrolled at an institute of learning
studied	v.	give careful consideration to
studied	v.	be a student of a certain subject
studied	v.	learn by reading books
studied	v.	think intently and at length, as for spiritual purposes
studied	adj.	produced or marked by conscious design or premeditation; ; - V.L.Parrington
studio	n.	workplace for the teaching or practice of an art
studio	n.	an apartment with a living space and a bathroom and a small kitchen
studio	n.	workplace consisting of a room or building where movies or television shows or radio programs are produced and recorded
studious	adj.	marked by care and effort
studious	adj.	characterized by diligent study and fondness for reading
studiousness	n.	diligent study
study	n.	a detailed critical inspection
study	n.	applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading)
study	n.	a written document describing the findings of some individual or group
study	n.	a state of deep mental absorption
study	n.	a room used for reading and writing and studying
study	n.	a branch of knowledge
study	n.	preliminary drawing for later elaboration
study	n.	attentive consideration and meditation
study	n.	someone who memorizes quickly and easily (as the lines for a part in a play)
study	n.	a composition intended to develop one aspect of the performer's technique
study	v.	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning
study	v.	be a student; follow a course of study; be enrolled at an institute of learning
study	v.	give careful consideration to
study	v.	be a student of a certain subject
study	v.	learn by reading books
study	v.	think intently and at length, as for spiritual purposes
stuff	n.	the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object
stuff	n.	miscellaneous unspecified objects
stuff	n.	informal terms for personal possessions
stuff	n.	senseless talk
stuff	n.	unspecified qualities required to do or be something
stuff	n.	information in some unspecified form
stuff	n.	a critically important or characteristic component
stuff	v.	cram into a cavity
stuff	v.	press or force
stuff	v.	obstruct
stuff	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
stuff	v.	treat with grease, fill, and prepare for mounting
stuff	v.	fill tightly with a material
stuff	v.	fill with a stuffing while cooking
stuffily	adv.	in a stuffy manner
stuffiness	n.	state of obstruction or stoppage or air in the nose or throat
stuffiness	n.	the quality of being close and poorly ventilated
stuffiness	n.	dull and pompous gravity
stuffing	n.	a mixture of seasoned ingredients used to stuff meats and vegetables
stuffing	n.	padding put in mattresses and cushions and upholstered furniture
stuffing	v.	cram into a cavity
stuffing	v.	press or force
stuffing	v.	obstruct
stuffing	v.	overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
stuffing	v.	treat with grease, fill, and prepare for mounting
stuffing	v.	fill tightly with a material
stuffing	v.	fill with a stuffing while cooking
stuffy	adj.	lacking fresh air
stuffy	adj.	excessively conventional and unimaginative and hence dull
stuffy	adj.	affected with a sensation of stoppage or obstruction
stultification	n.	derision of someone or something as foolish or absurd or inconsistent
stultification	n.	the act of making something futile and useless (as by routine)
stultify	v.	prove to be of unsound mind or demonstrate someone's incompetence
stultify	v.	cause to appear foolish
stultify	v.	deprive of strength or efficiency; make useless or worthless
stumble	n.	an unsteady uneven gait
stumble	n.	an unintentional but embarrassing blunder
stumble	v.	walk unsteadily
stumble	v.	miss a step and fall or nearly fall
stumble	v.	encounter by chance
stumble	v.	make an error
stumbler	n.	a walker or runner who trips and almost falls
stumbler	n.	someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence
stump	n.	the base part of a tree that remains standing after the tree has been felled
stump	n.	the part of a limb or tooth that remains after the rest is removed
stump	n.	(cricket) any of three upright wooden posts that form the wicket
stump	n.	a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it
stump	v.	cause to be perplexed or confounded
stump	v.	walk heavily
stump	v.	travel through a district and make political speeches
stump	v.	remove tree stumps from
stumpy	adj.	short and thick; as e.g. having short legs and heavy musculature
stun	v.	make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow
stun	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
stun	v.	overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
stung	v.	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort
stung	v.	deliver a sting to
stung	v.	saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous
stung	v.	cause a stinging pain
stung	v.	cause an emotional pain, as if by stinging
stung	adj.	aroused to impatience or anger
stunk	v.	be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance
stunk	v.	smell badly and offensively
stunned	v.	make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow
stunned	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
stunned	v.	overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
stunned	adj.	filled with the emotional impact of overwhelming surprise or shock
stunned	adj.	knocked unconscious by a heavy blow
stunned	adj.	in a state of mental numbness especially as resulting from shock
stunner	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
stunner	n.	an unexpected and amazing event
stunning	v.	make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow
stunning	v.	hit something or somebody as if with a sandbag
stunning	v.	overcome as with astonishment or disbelief
stunning	adj.	commanding attention
stunning	adj.	causing great astonishment and consternation
stunning	adj.	causing or capable of causing bewilderment or shock or insensibility
stunning	adj.	strikingly beautiful or attractive
stunt	n.	a difficult or unusual or dangerous feat; usually done to gain attention
stunt	n.	a creature (especially a whale) that has been prevented from attaining full growth
stunt	v.	check the growth or development of
stunt	v.	perform a stunt or stunts
stupefaction	n.	a feeling of stupefied astonishment
stupefaction	n.	marginal consciousness
stupefaction	n.	the action of stupefying; making dull or lethargic
stupefy	v.	make dull or stupid or muddle with drunkenness or infatuation
stupefy	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
stupefy	v.	make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow
stupendous	adj.	so great in size or force or extent as to elicit awe
stupid	n.	a person who is not very bright
stupid	adj.	lacking or marked by lack of intellectual acuity
stupid	adj.	in a state of mental numbness especially as resulting from shock
stupid	adj.	lacking intelligence
stupidity	n.	a poor ability to understand or to profit from experience
stupidity	n.	a stupid mistake
stupor	n.	the feeling of distress and disbelief that you have when something bad happens accidentally
stupor	n.	marginal consciousness
sturdily	adv.	in a sturdy manner
sturdiness	n.	the state of being vigorous and robust
sturdiness	n.	the property of something that is strongly built
sturdiness	n.	resoluteness evidenced by strength of character
sturdy	adj.	having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships
sturdy	adj.	not making concessions
sturdy	adj.	substantially made or constructed
sturgeon	n.	large primitive fishes valued for their flesh and roe; widely distributed in the North Temperate Zone
stutter	n.	a speech disorder involving hesitations and involuntary repetitions of certain sounds
stutter	v.	speak haltingly
stutterer	n.	someone who speaks with involuntary pauses and repetitions
stuttgart	n.	a city in southwestern Germany famous for innovative architecture
stuyvesant	n.	the last Dutch colonial administrator of New Netherland; in 1664 he was forced to surrender the colony to England (1592-1672)
sty	n.	an infection of the sebaceous gland of the eyelid
sty	n.	a pen for swine
stygian	adj.	hellish; - Milton
stygian	adj.	dark and dismal as of the rivers Acheron and Styx in Hades; ; -Wordsworth
style	n.	how something is done or how it happens
style	n.	a way of expressing something (in language or art or music etc.) that is characteristic of a particular person or group of people or period
style	n.	a particular kind (as to appearance)
style	n.	the popular taste at a given time
style	n.	(botany) the narrow elongated part of the pistil between the ovary and the stigma
style	n.	editorial directions to be followed in spelling and punctuation and capitalization and typographical display
style	n.	distinctive and stylish elegance
style	n.	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving
style	n.	a slender bristlelike or tubular process
style	v.	designate by an identifying term
style	v.	make consistent with a certain fashion or style
style	v.	make consistent with certain rules of style
styli	n.	a sharp pointed device attached to the cartridge of a record player
styli	n.	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving
stylish	adj.	having elegance or taste or refinement in manners or dress
stylish	adj.	being or in accordance with current social fashions
stylishness	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
stylist	n.	an artist who is a master of a particular style
stylist	n.	someone who cuts or beautifies hair
stylistic	adj.	of or relating to style (especially in the use of language)
stylistically	adv.	in a rhetorically stylistic manner
stylize	v.	represent according to a conventional style
stylus	n.	a sharp pointed device attached to the cartridge of a record player
stylus	n.	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving
stymie	n.	a situation in golf where an opponent's ball blocks the line between your ball and the hole
stymie	n.	a thwarting and distressing situation
stymie	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
stymieing	v.	hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
styptic	n.	a drug that causes contraction of body tissues and canals
styptic	adj.	tending to check bleeding by contracting the tissues or blood vessels
styrofoam	n.	a light resilient foam of polystyrene
styron	n.	United States writer best known for his novels (born in 1925)
styx	n.	(Greek mythology) a river in Hades across which Charon carried dead souls
suasion	n.	the act of persuading (or attempting to persuade); communication intended to induce belief or action
suave	adj.	having a sophisticated charm
suave	adj.	smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication
suaveness	n.	the quality of being bland and gracious or ingratiating in manner
suavity	n.	the quality of being bland and gracious or ingratiating in manner
sub	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
sub	n.	a submersible warship usually armed with torpedoes
sub	v.	be a substitute
subaltern	n.	a British commissioned army officer below the rank of captain
subaltern	adj.	inferior in rank or status
subarctic	adj.	of or relating to latitudes just south of the Arctic Circle
subatomic	adj.	of or relating to constituents of the atom or forces within the atom
subatomic	adj.	of smaller than atomic dimensions
subbed	v.	be a substitute
subbing	n.	working as a substitute for someone who is ill or on leave of absence
subbing	v.	be a substitute
subclass	n.	(biology) a taxonomic category below a class and above an order
subcommittee	n.	a subset of committee members organized for a specific purpose
subcompact	n.	a car smaller than a compact car
subconscious	n.	psychic activity just below the level of awareness
subconscious	adj.	just below the level of consciousness
subconsciousness	n.	a state of mind not immediately available to consciousness
subcontinent	n.	a large and distinctive landmass (as India or Greenland) that is a distinct part of some continent
subcontract	n.	a contract assigning to another party some obligations of a prior contract
subcontract	v.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others
subcontract	v.	work under a subcontract; engage in a subcontract
subcontractor	n.	someone who enters into a subcontract with the primary contractor
subculture	n.	a social group within a national culture that has distinctive patterns of behavior and beliefs
subcutaneous	adj.	relating to or located below the epidermis
subdivide	v.	form into subdivisions
subdivide	v.	divide into smaller and smaller pieces
subdivision	n.	an area composed of subdivided lots
subdivision	n.	the act of subdividing; division of something previously divided
subdivision	n.	a division of some larger or more complex organization
subdivision	n.	a self-contained part of a larger composition (written or musical)
subdivision	n.	a section of a section; a part of a part; i.e., a part of something already divided
subdominant	n.	(music) the fourth note of the diatonic scale
subdue	v.	put down by force or intimidation
subdue	v.	to put down by force or authority
subdue	v.	hold within limits and control
subdue	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
subdue	v.	make subordinate, dependent, or subservient
subdue	v.	correct by punishment or discipline
subeditor	n.	an assistant editor
subfamily	n.	(biology) a taxonomic category below a family
subgroup	n.	a distinct and often subordinate group within a group
subgroup	n.	(mathematics) a subset (that is not empty) of a mathematical group
subhead	n.	a heading of a subdivision of a text
subheading	n.	a heading of a subdivision of a text
subhuman	adj.	less than human or not worthy of a human being
subhuman	adj.	unfit for human beings
subject	n.	the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
subject	n.	something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation
subject	n.	a branch of knowledge
subject	n.	some situation or event that is thought about
subject	n.	(grammar) one of the two main constituents of a sentence; the grammatical constituent about which something is predicated
subject	n.	a person who is subjected to experimental or other observational procedures; someone who is an object of investigation
subject	n.	a person who owes allegiance to that nation
subject	n.	(logic) the first term of a proposition
subject	v.	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to
subject	v.	make accountable for
subject	v.	make subservient; force to submit or subdue
subject	v.	refer for judgment or consideration
subject	adj.	possibly accepting or permitting
subject	adj.	being under the power or sovereignty of another or others
subject	adj.	likely to be affected by something
subjection	n.	forced submission to control by others
subjection	n.	the act of conquering
subjective	adj.	taking place within the mind and modified by individual bias
subjective	adj.	of a mental act performed entirely within the mind
subjectivity	n.	judgment based on individual personal impressions and feelings and opinions rather than external facts
subjoin	v.	add to the end
subjugate	v.	put down by force or intimidation
subjugate	v.	make subservient; force to submit or subdue
subjugation	n.	forced submission to control by others
subjugation	n.	the act of subjugating by cruelty
subjugation	n.	the act of conquering
subjunctive	n.	a mood that represents an act or state (not as a fact but) as contingent or possible
subjunctive	adj.	relating to a mood of verbs
sublease	n.	a lease from one lessee to another
sublease	v.	lease or rent all or part of (a leased or rented property) to another person
sublet	n.	a lease from one lessee to another
sublet	v.	lease or rent all or part of (a leased or rented property) to another person
subletting	v.	lease or rent all or part of (a leased or rented property) to another person
sublieutenant	n.	an officer ranking next below a lieutenant
sublimate	n.	the product of vaporization of a solid
sublimate	v.	direct energy or urges into useful activities
sublimate	v.	make more subtle or refined
sublimate	v.	remove impurities from, increase the concentration of, and separate through the process of distillation
sublimate	v.	change or cause to change directly from a solid into a vapor without first melting
sublimate	v.	vaporize and then condense right back again
sublimate	adj.	made pure
sublimation	n.	(chemistry) a change directly from the solid to the gaseous state without becoming liquid
sublimation	n.	(psychology) modifying the natural expression of an impulse or instinct (especially a sexual one) to one that is socially acceptable
sublime	v.	vaporize and then condense right back again
sublime	v.	change or cause to change directly from a solid into a vapor without first melting
sublime	adj.	inspiring awe; - M.S.Dworkin; - Hamilton Basso
sublime	adj.	worthy of adoration or reverence
sublime	adj.	lifted up or set high; - Milton
sublime	adj.	of high moral or intellectual value; elevated in nature or style; ; - Oliver Franks
subliminal	adj.	below the threshold of conscious perception
sublimity	n.	nobility in thought or feeling or style
sublingual	adj.	beneath the tongue
submarine	n.	a submersible warship usually armed with torpedoes
submarine	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
submarine	v.	move forward or under in a sliding motion
submarine	v.	throw with an underhand motion
submarine	v.	bring down with a blow to the legs
submarine	v.	control a submarine
submarine	v.	attack by submarine
submarine	adj.	beneath the surface of the sea
submariner	n.	a member of the crew of a submarine
submerge	v.	sink below the surface; go under or as if under water
submerge	v.	cover completely or make imperceptible
submerge	v.	put under water
submerge	v.	fill or cover completely, usually with water
submergence	n.	sinking until covered completely with water
submerse	v.	sink below the surface; go under or as if under water
submerse	v.	put under water
submersible	n.	an apparatus intended for use under water
submersible	n.	a warship designed to operate under water
submersible	adj.	capable of being immersed in water or functioning while submerged
submersion	n.	sinking until covered completely with water
submersion	n.	the act of wetting something by submerging it
submission	n.	something (manuscripts or architectural plans and models or estimates or works of art of all genres etc.) submitted for the judgment of others (as in a competition)
submission	n.	the act of submitting; usually surrendering power to another
submission	n.	the condition of having submitted to control by someone or something else
submission	n.	the feeling of patient, submissive humbleness
submission	n.	a legal document summarizing an agreement between parties in a dispute to abide by the decision of an arbiter
submission	n.	an agreement between parties in a dispute to abide by the decision of an arbiter
submission	n.	(law) a contention presented by a lawyer to a judge or jury as part of the case he is arguing
submissive	adj.	inclined or willing to submit to orders or wishes of others or showing such inclination
submissive	adj.	abjectly submissive; characteristic of a slave or servant; ; - S.H.Adams
submissiveness	n.	the trait of being willing to yield to the will of another person or a superior force etc.
submit	v.	refer for judgment or consideration
submit	v.	put before
submit	v.	yield to the control of another
submit	v.	hand over formally
submit	v.	refer to another person for decision or judgment
submit	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
submit	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
submit	v.	make an application as for a job or funding
submit	v.	make over as a return
submit	v.	accept as inevitable
submitted	v.	refer for judgment or consideration
submitted	v.	put before
submitted	v.	yield to the control of another
submitted	v.	hand over formally
submitted	v.	refer to another person for decision or judgment
submitted	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
submitted	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
submitted	v.	make an application as for a job or funding
submitted	v.	make over as a return
submitted	v.	accept as inevitable
submitter	n.	someone who yields to the will of another person or force
submitter	n.	someone who submits something (as an application for a job or a manuscript for publication etc.) for the judgment of others
submitting	v.	refer for judgment or consideration
submitting	v.	put before
submitting	v.	yield to the control of another
submitting	v.	hand over formally
submitting	v.	refer to another person for decision or judgment
submitting	v.	yield to another's wish or opinion
submitting	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
submitting	v.	make an application as for a job or funding
submitting	v.	make over as a return
submitting	v.	accept as inevitable
subnormal	n.	a person of less than normal intelligence
subnormal	adj.	below normal or average
suborbital	adj.	having or involving a trajectory of less than one orbit
suborbital	adj.	situated on or below the floor of the eye socket
suborder	n.	(biology) taxonomic group that is a subdivision of an order
subordinate	n.	an assistant subject to the authority or control of another
subordinate	n.	a word that is more specific than a given word
subordinate	v.	rank or order as less important or consider of less value
subordinate	v.	make subordinate, dependent, or subservient
subordinate	adj.	lower in rank or importance
subordinate	adj.	subject or submissive to authority or the control of another
subordinate	adj.	(of a clause) unable to stand alone syntactically as a complete sentence
subordination	n.	the state of being subordinate to something
subordination	n.	the semantic relation of being subordinate or belonging to a lower rank or class
subordination	n.	the grammatical relation of a modifying word or phrase to its head
subordination	n.	the quality of obedient submissiveness
subordination	n.	the act of mastering or subordinating someone
suborn	v.	incite to commit a crime or an evil deed
suborn	v.	procure (false testimony or perjury)
suborn	v.	induce to commit perjury or give false testimony
subornation	n.	underhandedly or improperly inducing someone to do something improper or unlawful
subornation	n.	perjured testimony that someone was persuaded to give
subpart	n.	a part of a part
subpoena	n.	a writ issued by court authority to compel the attendance of a witness at a judicial proceeding; disobedience may be punishable as a contempt of court
subpoena	v.	serve or summon with a subpoena
subprogram	n.	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program
subroutine	n.	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program
subscribe	v.	offer to buy, as of stocks and shares
subscribe	v.	mark with one's signature; write one's name (on)
subscribe	v.	adopt as a belief
subscribe	v.	pay (an amount of money) as a contribution to a charity or service, especially at regular intervals
subscribe	v.	receive or obtain regularly
subscriber	n.	someone who expresses strong approval
subscriber	n.	someone who contracts to receive and pay for a service or a certain number of issues of a publication
subscriber	n.	someone who contributes (or promises to contribute) a sum of money
subscript	n.	a character or symbol set or printed or written beneath or slightly below and to the side of another character
subscript	adj.	written or printed below and to one side of another character
subscription	n.	a payment for consecutive issues of a newspaper or magazine for a given period of time
subscription	n.	agreement expressed by (or as if expressed by) signing your name
subscription	n.	a pledged contribution
subscription	n.	the act of signing your name; writing your signature (as on a document)
subsection	n.	a section of a section; a part of a part; i.e., a part of something already divided
subsequent	adj.	following in time or order
subservience	n.	the condition of being something that is useful in reaching an end or carrying out a plan
subservience	n.	in a subservient state
subservience	n.	abject or cringing submissiveness
subservient	adj.	compliant and obedient to authority; -G. B. Shaw
subservient	adj.	serving or acting as a means or aid
subservient	adj.	abjectly submissive; characteristic of a slave or servant; ; - S.H.Adams
subset	n.	a set whose members are members of another set; a set contained within another set
subside	v.	wear off or die down
subside	v.	sink to a lower level or form a depression
subside	v.	sink down or precipitate
subside	v.	descend into or as if into some soft substance or place
subsidence	n.	an abatement in intensity or degree (as in the manifestations of a disease)
subsidence	n.	a gradual sinking to a lower level
subsidence	n.	the sudden collapse of something into a hollow beneath it
subsidiarity	n.	secondary importance
subsidiary	n.	an assistant subject to the authority or control of another
subsidiary	n.	a company that is completely controlled by another company
subsidiary	adj.	functioning in a supporting capacity
subsidization	n.	money (or other benefits) obtained as a subsidy
subsidization	n.	the act of providing a subsidy
subsidize	v.	support through subsidies
subsidize	v.	secure the assistance of by granting a subsidy, as of nations or military forces
subsidizer	n.	someone who assists or supports by giving a subsidy
subsidy	n.	a grant paid by a government to an enterprise that benefits the public
subsist	v.	support oneself
subsistence	n.	minimal (or marginal) resources for subsisting
subsistence	n.	a means of surviving
subsistence	n.	the state of existing in reality; having substance
subsoil	n.	the layer of soil between the topsoil and bedrock
subsonic	adj.	(of speed) less than that of sound in a designated medium
subspace	n.	a space that is contained within another space
subspecies	n.	(biology) a taxonomic group that is a division of a species; usually arises as a consequence of geographical isolation within a species
substance	n.	the real physical matter of which a person or thing consists
substance	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
substance	n.	the idea that is intended
substance	n.	material of a particular kind or constitution
substance	n.	considerable capital (wealth or income)
substance	n.	what a communication that is about something is about
substance	n.	a particular kind or species of matter with uniform properties
substandard	adj.	falling short of some prescribed norm
substantial	adj.	fairly large
substantial	adj.	having a firm basis in reality and being therefore important, meaningful, or considerable
substantial	adj.	having substance or capable of being treated as fact; not imaginary; ; ; - Shakespeare
substantial	adj.	providing abundant nourishment
substantial	adj.	of good quality and condition; solidly built
substantiate	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
substantiate	v.	represent in bodily form
substantiate	v.	make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
substantiate	v.	solidify, firm, or strengthen
substantiated	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
substantiated	v.	represent in bodily form
substantiated	v.	make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
substantiated	v.	solidify, firm, or strengthen
substantiation	n.	additional proof that something that was believed (some fact or hypothesis or theory) is correct
substantiation	n.	the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something
substantive	n.	any word or group of words functioning as a noun
substantive	adj.	having a firm basis in reality and being therefore important, meaningful, or considerable
substantive	adj.	defining rights and duties as opposed to giving the rules by which rights and duties are established
substantive	adj.	being on topic and prompting thought
substation	n.	a subsidiary station where electricity is transformed for distribution by a low-voltage network
substitute	n.	a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another
substitute	n.	an athlete who plays only when a starter on the team is replaced
substitute	n.	someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)
substitute	v.	put in the place of another; switch seemingly equivalent items
substitute	v.	be a substitute
substitute	v.	act as a substitute
substitute	adj.	capable of substituting in any of several positions on a team
substitute	adj.	serving or used in place of another
substitute	adj.	artificial and inferior
substitution	n.	an event in which one thing is substituted for another
substitution	n.	the act of putting one thing or person in the place of another:
substrate	n.	the substance that is acted upon by an enzyme or ferment
substrate	n.	a surface on which an organism grows or is attached
substrate	n.	any stratum or layer lying underneath another
substrate	n.	an indigenous language that contributes features to the language of an invading people who impose their language on the indigenous population
substratum	n.	a surface on which an organism grows or is attached
substratum	n.	any stratum or layer lying underneath another
substratum	n.	an indigenous language that contributes features to the language of an invading people who impose their language on the indigenous population
substructure	n.	the basic structure or features of a system or organization
substructure	n.	lowest support of a structure
subsume	v.	contain or include
subsume	v.	consider (an instance of something) as part of a general rule or principle
subsumption	n.	the premise of a syllogism that contains the minor term (which is the subject of the conclusion)
subsumption	n.	incorporating something under a more general category
subsurface	adj.	beneath the surface
subsystem	n.	a system that is part of some larger system
subtend	v.	be opposite to; of angles and sides, in geometry
subterfuge	n.	something intended to misrepresent the true nature of an activity
subterranean	adj.	being or operating under the surface of the earth
subterranean	adj.	lying beyond what is openly revealed or avowed (especially being kept in the background or deliberately concealed); ; - Bertrand Russell
subtitle	n.	translation of foreign dialogue of a movie or TV program; usually displayed at the bottom of the screen
subtitle	n.	secondary or explanatory title
subtitle	v.	supply (a movie) with subtitles
subtle	adj.	difficult to detect or grasp by the mind or analyze
subtle	adj.	able to make fine distinctions
subtle	adj.	working or spreading in a hidden and usually injurious way
subtlety	n.	a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude
subtlety	n.	the quality of being difficult to detect or analyze
subtly	adv.	in a subtle manner
subtotal	n.	the sum of part of a group of numbers
subtract	v.	make a subtraction
subtract	v.	take off or away
subtraction	n.	an arithmetic operation in which the difference between two numbers is calculated
subtraction	n.	the act of subtracting (removing a part from the whole)
subtrahend	n.	the number to be subtracted from the minuend
subtropic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of conditions in the subtropics
subtropical	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of conditions in the subtropics
subtropics	n.	regions adjacent to the tropics
suburb	n.	a residential district located on the outskirts of a city
suburban	adj.	relating to or characteristic of or situated in suburbs
suburbanite	n.	a resident of a suburb
suburbia	n.	a residential district located on the outskirts of a city
suburbia	n.	suburbanites considered as a cultural class or subculture
subvention	n.	grant of financial aid as from a government to an educational institution
subvention	n.	the act or process of providing aid or help of any sort
subvention	v.	guarantee financial support of
subversion	n.	destroying someone's (or some group's) honesty or loyalty; undermining moral integrity
subversion	n.	the act of subverting; as overthrowing or destroying a legally constituted government
subversive	n.	a radical supporter of political or social revolution
subversive	adj.	in opposition to a civil authority or government
subversiveness	n.	disloyalty by virtue of subversive behavior
subvert	v.	cause the downfall of; of rulers
subvert	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
subvert	v.	destroy property or hinder normal operations
subvert	v.	destroy completely
subway	n.	an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a city)
subway	n.	an underground tunnel or passage enabling pedestrians to cross a road or railway
succeed	v.	attain success or reach a desired goal
succeed	v.	be the successor (of)
success	n.	an event that accomplishes its intended purpose
success	n.	an attainment that is successful
success	n.	a state of prosperity or fame
success	n.	a person with a record of successes
successful	adj.	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome
succession	n.	a following of one thing after another in time
succession	n.	a group of people or things arranged or following in order
succession	n.	the action of following in order
succession	n.	(ecology) the gradual and orderly process of change in an ecosystem brought about by the progressive replacement of one community by another until a stable climax is established
succession	n.	acquisition of property by descent or by will
successive	adj.	in regular succession without gaps
successor	n.	a person who follows next in order
successor	n.	a thing or person that immediately replaces something or someone
successor	n.	a person who inherits some title or office
succinct	adj.	briefly giving the gist of something
succinctness	n.	terseness and economy in writing and speaking achieved by expressing a great deal in just a few words
succor	n.	assistance in time of difficulty
succor	v.	help in a difficult situation
succotash	n.	fresh corn and lima beans with butter or cream
succubi	n.	a female demon believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping men
succubus	n.	a female demon believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping men
succulence	n.	a juicy appetizingness
succulency	n.	a juicy appetizingness
succulent	n.	a plant adapted to arid conditions and characterized by fleshy water-storing tissues that act as water reservoirs
succulent	adj.	full of juice
succumb	v.	consent reluctantly
succumb	v.	be fatally overwhelmed
such	adj.	of so extreme a degree or extent
such	adv.	to so extreme a degree
suchlike	adj.	of the same kind
suck	n.	the act of sucking
suck	v.	draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth
suck	v.	draw something in by or as if by a vacuum
suck	v.	attract by using an inexorable force, inducement, etc.
suck	v.	be inadequate or objectionable
suck	v.	provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation
suck	v.	take in, also metaphorically
suck	v.	give suck to
sucker	n.	a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of
sucker	n.	a shoot arising from a plant's roots
sucker	n.	a drinker who sucks (as at a nipple or through a straw)
sucker	n.	flesh of any of numerous North American food fishes with toothless jaws
sucker	n.	hard candy on a stick
sucker	n.	an organ specialized for sucking nourishment or for adhering to objects by suction
sucker	n.	mostly North American freshwater fishes with a thick-lipped mouth for feeding by suction; related to carps
suckle	v.	suck milk from the mother's breasts
suckle	v.	give suck to
suckling	n.	English poet and courtier (1609-1642)
suckling	n.	an infant considered in relation to its nurse
suckling	n.	a young mammal that has not been weaned
suckling	n.	feeding an infant by giving suck at the breast
suckling	v.	suck milk from the mother's breasts
suckling	v.	give suck to
sucre	n.	the basic unit of money in Ecuador; equal to 100 centavos
sucre	n.	the judicial capital and seat of the judiciary in Bolivia
sucrose	n.	a complex carbohydrate found in many plants and used as a sweetening agent
suction	n.	a force over an area produced by a pressure difference
suction	n.	the act of sucking
suction	v.	remove or draw away by the force of suction
suction	v.	empty or clean (a body cavity) by the force of suction
sudan	n.	a republic in northeastern Africa on the Red Sea; achieved independence from Egypt and the United Kingdom in 1956
sudan	n.	a region of northern Africa to the south of the Sahara and Libyan deserts; extends from the Atlantic to the Red Sea
sudanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Sudan
sudanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the African Republic of the Sudan or its people
sudden	adj.	happening without warning or in a short space of time
suddenness	n.	the quality of happening with headlong haste or without warning
sudoku	n.	a number puzzle in which the numbers 1 through 9 must be placed into a grid of cells so that each row or column contains only one of each number
sudra	n.	a member of the lowest or worker Hindu caste
sudra	n.	the lowest of the four varnas: the servants and workers of low status
suds	n.	the froth produced by soaps or detergents
suds	n.	a dysphemism for beer (especially for lager that effervesces)
suds	v.	wash in suds
suds	v.	make froth or foam and become bubbly
sudsy	adj.	resembling lather or covered with lather
sue	n.	French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857)
sue	v.	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against
suede	n.	leather with a napped surface
suede	n.	a fabric made to resemble suede leather
suet	n.	hard fat around the kidneys and loins in beef and sheep
suety	adj.	like or full of suet
suez	n.	a city in northeastern Egypt at the head of the Gulf of Suez and at the southern end of the Suez Canal
suffer	v.	undergo or be subjected to
suffer	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
suffer	v.	experience (emotional) pain
suffer	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
suffer	v.	get worse
suffer	v.	feel pain or be in pain
suffer	v.	feel physical pain
suffer	v.	feel unwell or uncomfortable
suffer	v.	be given to
suffer	v.	undergo or suffer
suffer	v.	be set at a disadvantage
sufferance	n.	patient endurance especially of pain or distress
sufferance	n.	a disposition to tolerate or accept people or situations
sufferer	n.	a person suffering from an illness
sufferer	n.	one who suffers for the sake of principle
suffering	n.	a state of acute pain
suffering	n.	misery resulting from affliction
suffering	n.	psychological suffering
suffering	n.	feelings of mental or physical pain
suffering	v.	undergo or be subjected to
suffering	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
suffering	v.	experience (emotional) pain
suffering	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
suffering	v.	get worse
suffering	v.	feel pain or be in pain
suffering	v.	feel physical pain
suffering	v.	feel unwell or uncomfortable
suffering	v.	be given to
suffering	v.	undergo or suffer
suffering	v.	be set at a disadvantage
suffering	adj.	troubled by pain or loss
suffering	adj.	very unhappy; full of misery
suffice	v.	be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity
sufficiency	n.	sufficient resources to provide comfort and meet obligations
sufficiency	n.	an adequate quantity; a quantity that is large enough to achieve a purpose
sufficiency	n.	the quality of being sufficient for the end in view
sufficient	adj.	of a quantity that can fulfill a need or requirement but without being abundant
suffix	n.	an affix that is added at the end of the word
suffix	v.	attach a suffix to
suffixation	n.	formation of a word by means of a suffix
suffocate	v.	deprive of oxygen and prevent from breathing
suffocate	v.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of
suffocate	v.	become stultified, suppressed, or stifled
suffocate	v.	suppress the development, creativity, or imagination of
suffocate	v.	be asphyxiated; die from lack of oxygen
suffocate	v.	feel uncomfortable for lack of fresh air
suffocate	v.	struggle for breath; have insufficient oxygen intake
suffocation	n.	killing by depriving of oxygen
suffocation	n.	the condition of being deprived of oxygen (as by having breathing stopped)
suffragan	n.	an assistant or subordinate bishop of a diocese
suffrage	n.	a legal right guaranteed by the 15th amendment to the US Constitution; guaranteed to women by the 19th amendment
suffragette	n.	a woman advocate of women's right to vote (especially a militant advocate in the United Kingdom at the beginning of the 20th century)
suffragist	n.	an advocate of the extension of voting rights (especially to women)
suffuse	v.	cause to spread or flush or flood through, over, or across
suffuse	v.	to become overspread as with a fluid, a colour, a gleam of light
suffusion	n.	the process of permeating or infusing something with a substance
sufi	n.	a Muslim who represents the mystical dimension of Islam; a Muslim who seeks direct experience of Allah; mainly in Iran
sufi	adj.	of or relating to the Sufis or to Sufism
sufism	n.	Islamic mysticism
sugar	n.	a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative
sugar	n.	an essential structural component of living cells and source of energy for animals; includes simple sugars with small molecules as well as macromolecular substances; are classified according to the number of monosaccharide groups they contain
sugar	n.	informal terms for money
sugar	v.	sweeten with sugar
sugarcane	n.	juicy canes whose sap is a source of molasses and commercial sugar; fresh canes are sometimes chewed for the juice
sugarcane	n.	tall tropical southeast Asian grass having stout fibrous jointed stalks; sap is a chief source of sugar
sugarcoat	v.	coat with something sweet, such as a hard sugar glaze
sugarcoat	v.	cause to appear more pleasant or appealing
sugarless	adj.	not containing sugar
sugarplum	n.	any of various small sugary candies
sugary	adj.	containing sugar
suggest	v.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something
suggest	v.	drop a hint; intimate by a hint
suggest	v.	imply as a possibility
suggest	v.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine
suggest	v.	call to mind
suggestibility	n.	susceptibility or responsiveness to suggestion
suggestible	adj.	susceptible or responsive to suggestion
suggestion	n.	an idea that is suggested
suggestion	n.	a proposal offered for acceptance or rejection
suggestion	n.	a just detectable amount
suggestion	n.	persuasion formulated as a suggestion
suggestion	n.	the sequential mental process in which one thought leads to another by association
suggestion	n.	the act of inducing hypnosis
suggestive	adj.	tending to suggest or imply
suggestive	adj.	(usually followed by `of') pointing out or revealing clearly
suggestive	adj.	tending to suggest something improper or indecent
suharto	n.	Indonesian statesman who seized power from Sukarno in 1967 (born in 1921)
suicidal	adj.	dangerous to yourself or your interests
suicide	n.	the act of killing yourself
suicide	n.	a person who kills himself intentionally
suit	n.	a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for outerwear all of the same fabric and color
suit	n.	a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individual seeks a legal remedy
suit	n.	(slang) a businessman dressed in a business suit
suit	n.	a man's courting of a woman; seeking the affections of a woman (usually with the hope of marriage)
suit	n.	a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank
suit	n.	playing card in any of four sets of 13 cards in a pack; each set has its own symbol and color
suit	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
suit	v.	be agreeable or acceptable
suit	v.	accord or comport with
suit	v.	enhance the appearance of
suitability	n.	the quality of having the properties that are right for a specific purpose
suitableness	n.	the quality of having the properties that are right for a specific purpose
suitably	adv.	in an appropriate manner
suitcase	n.	a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes
suite	n.	a musical composition of several movements only loosely connected
suite	n.	apartment consisting of a series of connected rooms used as a living unit (as in a hotel)
suite	n.	the group following and attending to some important person
suite	n.	a matching set of furniture
suited	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
suited	v.	be agreeable or acceptable
suited	v.	accord or comport with
suited	v.	enhance the appearance of
suited	adj.	meant or adapted for an occasion or use
suited	adj.	outfitted or supplied with clothing
suiting	n.	a fabric used for suits
suiting	v.	be agreeable or acceptable to
suiting	v.	be agreeable or acceptable
suiting	v.	accord or comport with
suiting	v.	enhance the appearance of
suitor	n.	a man who courts a woman
sukarno	n.	Indonesian statesman who obtained the independence of Indonesia from the Netherlands in 1949 and served as president until ousted by Suharto in a coup d'etat (1901-1970)
sukiyaki	n.	thin beef strips (or chicken or pork) cooked briefly at the table with onions and greens and soy sauce
sulawesi	n.	a mountainous island in eastern Indonesia
sulfa	n.	antibacterial consisting of any of several synthetic organic compounds capable of inhibiting the growth of bacteria that require PABA
sulfate	n.	a salt or ester of sulphuric acid
sulfate	v.	convert into a sulfate
sulfide	n.	a compound of sulphur and some other element that is more electropositive
sulfonamides	n.	antibacterial consisting of any of several synthetic organic compounds capable of inhibiting the growth of bacteria that require PABA
sulfur	n.	an abundant tasteless odorless multivalent nonmetallic element; best known in yellow crystals; occurs in many sulphide and sulphate minerals and even in native form (especially in volcanic regions)
sulfur	v.	treat with sulphur in order to preserve
sulfuric	adj.	of or relating to or containing sulfur
sulfurous	adj.	of or related to or containing sulfur or derived from sulfur
sulfurous	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
sulfurous	adj.	characterized by oppressive heat and humidity
sulk	n.	a mood or display of sullen aloofness or withdrawal
sulk	v.	be in a huff and display one's displeasure
sulkily	adv.	in a sulky manner
sulkiness	n.	a mood or display of sullen aloofness or withdrawal
sulkiness	n.	a feeling of sulky resentment
sulkiness	n.	a sullen moody resentful disposition
sulky	n.	a light two-wheeled vehicle for one person; drawn by one horse
sulky	adj.	sullen or moody
sulky	adj.	moving slowly
sulky	adj.	depressingly dark
sulla	n.	perennial of southern Europe cultivated for forage and for its nectar-rich pink flowers that make it an important honey crop
sulla	n.	Roman general and dictator (138-78 BC)
sullen	adj.	showing a brooding ill humor; ; ; ; ; ; - Bruce Bliven
sullen	adj.	darkened by clouds
sullenness	n.	a gloomy ill-tempered feeling
sullenness	n.	a sullen moody resentful disposition
sullied	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
sullied	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
sullied	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
sullivan	n.	United States architect known for his steel framed skyscrapers and for coining the phrase `form follows function' (1856-1924)
sullivan	n.	United States psychiatrist (1892-1949)
sullivan	n.	United States host on a well known television variety show (1902-1974)
sullivan	n.	United States educator who was the teacher and lifelong companion of Helen Keller (1866-1936)
sullivan	n.	English composer of operettas who collaborated with the librettist William Gilbert (1842-1900)
sully	n.	United States painter (born in England) of portraits and historical scenes (1783-1872)
sully	n.	French statesman (1560-1641)
sully	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
sully	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
sully	v.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone
sultan	n.	the ruler of a Muslim country (especially of the former Ottoman Empire)
sultana	n.	pale yellow seedless grape used for raisins and wine
sultana	n.	dried seedless grape
sultanate	n.	country or territory ruled by a sultan
sultrily	adv.	in a sultry and sensual manner
sultriness	n.	oppressively hot and humid weather
sultriness	n.	the quality of expressing or arousing sexual desire
sultry	adj.	sexually exciting or gratifying
sultry	adj.	characterized by oppressive heat and humidity
sum	n.	a quantity of money
sum	n.	a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers
sum	n.	the final aggregate
sum	n.	the choicest or most essential or most vital part of some idea or experience
sum	n.	the whole amount
sum	n.	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets
sum	v.	be a summary of
sum	v.	determine the sum of
sumac	n.	wood of a sumac
sumac	n.	a shrub or tree of the genus Rhus (usually limited to the non-poisonous members of the genus)
sumatra	n.	a mountainous island in western Indonesia
sumatran	n.	a native or inhabitant of Sumatra
sumatran	adj.	of or relating to the island of Sumatra or its inhabitants
sumerian	n.	a member of a people who inhabited ancient Sumer
sumerian	adj.	of or relating to ancient Sumer or its inhabitants
summarily	adv.	without delay; in a summary manner
summarize	v.	give a summary (of)
summarize	v.	be a summary of
summary	n.	a brief statement that presents the main points in a concise form
summary	adj.	performed speedily and without formality
summary	adj.	briefly giving the gist of something
summation	n.	a concluding summary (as in presenting a case before a law court)
summation	n.	(physiology) the process whereby multiple stimuli can produce a response (in a muscle or nerve or other part) that one stimulus alone does not produce
summation	n.	the final aggregate
summation	n.	the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of two or more numbers
summed	v.	be a summary of
summed	v.	determine the sum of
summer	n.	the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox
summer	n.	the period of finest development, happiness, or beauty
summer	v.	spend the summer
summerhouse	n.	a small roofed building affording shade and rest
summers	n.	the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox
summers	n.	the period of finest development, happiness, or beauty
summers	v.	spend the summer
summertime	n.	the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice to the autumnal equinox
summery	adj.	belonging to or characteristic of or occurring in summer
summing	v.	be a summary of
summing	v.	determine the sum of
summit	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
summit	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
summit	n.	a meeting of heads of governments
summit	v.	reach the summit (of a mountain)
summon	v.	call in an official matter, such as to attend court
summon	v.	ask to come
summon	v.	gather or bring together
summon	v.	make ready for action or use
summons	n.	a request to be present
summons	n.	an order to appear in person at a given place and time
summons	n.	a writ issued by authority of law; usually compels the defendant's attendance in a civil suit; failure to appear results in a default judgment against the defendant
summons	v.	call in an official matter, such as to attend court
summons	v.	ask to come
summons	v.	gather or bring together
summons	v.	make ready for action or use
sumner	n.	United States sociologist (1840-1910)
sumo	n.	a Japanese form of wrestling; you lose if you are forced out of a small ring or if any part of your body (other than your feet) touches the ground
sump	n.	an oil reservoir in an internal combustion engine
sump	n.	a well or other hole in which water has collected
sump	n.	a covered cistern; waste water and sewage flow into it
sumptuous	adj.	rich and superior in quality
sumptuousness	n.	wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living
sumptuousness	n.	the quality possessed by something that is excessively expensive
sun	n.	the star that is the source of light and heat for the planets in the solar system
sun	n.	the rays of the sun
sun	n.	a person considered as a source of warmth or energy or glory etc
sun	n.	any star around which a planetary system revolves
sun	n.	first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians
sun	v.	expose one's body to the sun
sun	v.	expose to the rays of the sun or affect by exposure to the sun
sunbathe	v.	expose one's body to the sun
sunbather	n.	someone who basks in the sunshine in order to get a suntan
sunbathing	v.	expose one's body to the sun
sunbeam	n.	a ray of sunlight
sunbelt	n.	states in the south and southwest that have a warm climate and tend to be politically conservative
sunblock	n.	a cream spread on the skin; contains a chemical (as PABA) to filter out ultraviolet light and so protect from sunburn
sunbonnet	n.	a large bonnet that shades the face; worn by girls and women
sunburn	n.	a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun
sunburn	n.	redness of the skin caused by exposure to the rays of the sun
sunburn	v.	get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun
sunburst	n.	a sudden emergence of the sun from behind clouds
sunburst	n.	a design consisting of a central disk resembling the sun and rays emanating from it
sunburst	n.	a jeweled brooch with a pattern resembling the sun
sundae	n.	ice cream served with a topping
sundanese	n.	the Indonesian language spoken in the Lesser Sunda Islands
sunday	n.	first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians
sunday	n.	United States evangelist (1862-1935)
sunder	v.	break apart or in two, using violence
sundial	n.	timepiece that indicates the daylight hours by the shadow that the gnomon casts on a calibrated dial
sundown	n.	the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon
sundress	n.	a light loose sleeveless summer dress with a wide neckline and thin shoulder straps that expose the arms and shoulders
sundries	n.	miscellaneous objects too numerous or too small to be specified
sundry	adj.	consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds; ; ; ; ; ; - I.A.Richards
sunfish	n.	the lean flesh of any of numerous American perch-like fishes of the family Centrarchidae
sunfish	n.	among the largest bony fish; pelagic fish having an oval compressed body with high dorsal and anal fins and caudal fin reduced to a rudder-like lobe; worldwide in warm waters
sunfish	n.	small carnivorous freshwater percoid fishes of North America usually having a laterally compressed body and metallic luster: crappies; black bass; bluegills; pumpkinseed
sunflower	n.	any plant of the genus Helianthus having large flower heads with dark disk florets and showy yellow rays
sung	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 960 to 1279; noted for art and literature and philosophy
sung	v.	deliver by singing
sung	v.	produce tones with the voice
sung	v.	to make melodious sounds
sung	v.	make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound
sung	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
sunglasses	n.	spectacles that are darkened or polarized to protect the eyes from the glare of the sun
sunglasses	n.	a convex lens that focuses the rays of the sun; used to start a fire
sunhat	n.	a hat with a broad brim that protects the face from direct exposure to the sun
sunk	v.	fall or descend to a lower place or level
sunk	v.	cause to sink
sunk	v.	pass into a specified state or condition
sunk	v.	go under,
sunk	v.	descend into or as if into some soft substance or place
sunk	v.	appear to move downward
sunk	v.	fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly
sunk	v.	fall or sink heavily
sunk	v.	embed deeply
sunk	adj.	doomed to extinction
sunlamp	n.	a mercury-vapor lamp used in medical or cosmetic treatments
sunless	adj.	filled or abounding with clouds
sunlight	n.	the rays of the sun
sunlit	adj.	lighted by sunlight; ; - Wallace Stegner
sunned	v.	expose one's body to the sun
sunned	v.	expose to the rays of the sun or affect by exposure to the sun
sunni	n.	a member of the branch of Islam that accepts the first four caliphs as rightful successors to Muhammad
sunni	n.	one of the two main branches of orthodox Islam
sunniness	n.	lightness created by sunlight
sunniness	n.	the quality of being cheerful and dispelling gloom
sunning	v.	expose one's body to the sun
sunning	v.	expose to the rays of the sun or affect by exposure to the sun
sunnite	n.	a member of the branch of Islam that accepts the first four caliphs as rightful successors to Muhammad
sunny	adj.	bright and pleasant; promoting a feeling of cheer
sunrise	n.	the first light of day
sunrise	n.	atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily appearance of the sun
sunrise	n.	the daily event of the sun rising above the horizon
sunrise	adj.	of an industry or technology; new and developing
sunroof	n.	an automobile roof having a sliding or raisable panel
sunscreen	n.	a cream spread on the skin; contains a chemical (as PABA) to filter out ultraviolet light and so protect from sunburn
sunset	n.	the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon
sunset	n.	atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily disappearance of the sun
sunset	n.	the daily event of the sun sinking below the horizon
sunset	adj.	of a declining industry or technology
sunset	adj.	providing for termination
sunshade	n.	a canopy made of canvas to shelter people or things from rain or sun
sunshade	n.	a handheld collapsible source of shade
sunshine	n.	the rays of the sun
sunshine	n.	moderate weather; suitable for outdoor activities
sunshine	n.	the quality of being cheerful and dispelling gloom
sunspot	n.	a cooler darker spot appearing periodically on the sun's photosphere; associated with a strong magnetic field
sunstroke	n.	sudden prostration due to exposure to the sun or excessive heat
suntan	n.	a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun
suntan	v.	get a tan from being exposed to the sun
suntanned	adj.	(of skin) having a tan color from exposure to the sun
suntrap	n.	a terrace or garden oriented to take advantage of the sun while protected from cold winds
sunup	n.	the first light of day
sup	n.	a small amount of liquid food
sup	v.	take solid or liquid food into the mouth a little at a time either by drinking or by eating with a spoon
super	n.	a caretaker for an apartment house; represents the owner as janitor and rent collector
super	adj.	of the highest quality
super	adj.	including more than a specified category
super	adj.	extremely large
super	adv.	to an extreme degree
superabundance	n.	a quantity that is more than what is appropriate
superabundant	adj.	most excessively abundant
superannuate	v.	retire and pension (someone) because of age or physical inability
superannuate	v.	declare to be obsolete
superannuate	v.	become obsolete
superannuate	v.	retire or become ineligible because of old age or infirmity
superannuation	n.	a monthly payment made to someone who is retired from work
superannuation	n.	the property of being out of date and not current
superannuation	n.	the act of discharging someone because of age (especially to cause someone to retire from service on a pension)
superb	adj.	of surpassing excellence
superb	adj.	surpassingly good
supercargo	n.	an officer on a merchant ship in charge of the cargo and its sale and purchase
supercargoes	n.	an officer on a merchant ship in charge of the cargo and its sale and purchase
supercharge	v.	increase or raise
supercharge	v.	increase the pressure on a gas or liquid
supercharger	n.	compressor that forces increased oxygen into the cylinders of an internal-combustion engine
supercilious	adj.	having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.L.Shirer
supercilious	adj.	expressive of contempt
superciliousness	n.	the trait of displaying arrogance by patronizing those considered inferior
supercomputer	n.	a mainframe computer that is one of the most powerful available at a given time
superconductivity	n.	the disappearance of electrical resistance at very low temperatures
supercritical	adj.	(especially of fissionable material) able to sustain a chain reaction in such a manner that the rate of reaction increases
superego	n.	(psychoanalysis) that part of the unconscious mind that acts as a conscience
supererogation	n.	an effort above and beyond the call of duty
supererogatory	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
superficial	adj.	concerned with or comprehending only what is apparent or obvious; not deep or penetrating emotionally or intellectually
superficial	adj.	of, affecting, or being on or near the surface
superficial	adj.	of little substance or significance
superficiality	n.	lack of depth of knowledge or thought or feeling
superficiality	n.	shallowness in terms of affecting only surface layers of something
superfine	adj.	of extremely fine size or texture
superfine	adj.	excessively delicate or refined
superfine	adj.	(used especially of merchandise) very fine in quality
superfluity	n.	extreme excess
superfluous	adj.	serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being
superfluous	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
superfund	n.	the federal government's program to locate and investigate and clean up the worst uncontrolled and abandoned toxic waste sites nationwide; administered by the Environmental Protection Agency
supergrass	n.	a police informer who implicates many people
superhighway	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
superhighway	n.	an extensive electronic network (such as the internet) used for the rapid transfer of sound and video and graphics in digital form
superhuman	adj.	above or beyond the human or demanding more than human power or endurance
superimpose	v.	place on top of
superintend	v.	watch and direct
superintendence	n.	management by overseeing the performance or operation of a person or group
superintendent	n.	a person who directs and manages an organization
superintendent	n.	a caretaker for an apartment house; represents the owner as janitor and rent collector
superior	n.	one of greater rank or station or quality
superior	n.	the head of a religious community
superior	n.	a combatant who is able to defeat rivals
superior	n.	the largest freshwater lake in the world; the deepest of the Great Lakes
superior	n.	a town in northwest Wisconsin on Lake Superior across from Duluth
superior	n.	a character or symbol set or printed or written above and immediately to one side of another character
superior	adj.	of high or superior quality or performance
superior	adj.	of or characteristic of high rank or importance
superior	adj.	(sometimes followed by `to') not subject to or influenced by
superior	adj.	written or printed above and to one side of another character
superior	adj.	having an orbit farther from the sun than the Earth's orbit
superior	adj.	having a higher rank
superior	adj.	(often followed by `to') above being affected or influenced by
superiority	n.	the quality of being superior
superiority	n.	the quality of being at a competitive advantage
superiority	n.	displaying a sense of being better than others
superiority	n.	the state of excelling or surpassing or going beyond usual limits
superlative	n.	an exaggerated expression (usually of praise)
superlative	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
superlative	n.	the superlative form of an adjective or adverb
superlative	adj.	highest in quality
superman	n.	a person with great powers and abilities
superman	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
supermarket	n.	a large self-service grocery store selling groceries and dairy products and household goods
supermen	n.	a person with great powers and abilities
supermen	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
supermodel	n.	a fashion model who has attained the status of a celebrity
supermom	n.	an informal term for a mother who can combine childcare and full-time employment
supernal	adj.	being or coming from on high
supernal	adj.	of heaven or the spirit
supernatural	n.	supernatural forces and events and beings collectively
supernatural	adj.	not existing in nature or subject to explanation according to natural laws; not physical or material
supernova	n.	a star that explodes and becomes extremely luminous in the process
supernovae	n.	a star that explodes and becomes extremely luminous in the process
supernumerary	n.	a person serving no apparent function
supernumerary	n.	a minor actor in crowd scenes
supernumerary	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
superpose	v.	place (one geometric figure) upon another so that their perimeters coincide
superpose	v.	place on top of
superposition	n.	(geology) the deposition of one geological stratum on another
superposition	n.	(geology) the principle that in a series of stratified sedimentary rocks the lowest stratum is the oldest
superposition	n.	(geometry) the placement of one object ideally in the position of another one in order to show that the two coincide
superposition	n.	the placement of one thing on top of another
superpower	n.	a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world
superscribe	v.	write on the top or outside
superscribe	v.	write on the outside or upper part of
superscript	n.	a character or symbol set or printed or written above and immediately to one side of another character
superscript	adj.	written or printed above and to one side of another character
superscription	n.	an inscription written above something else
superscription	n.	the activity of superscribing
supersede	v.	take the place or move into the position of
supersonic	adj.	(of speed) greater than the speed of sound in a given medium (especially air)
supersonic	adj.	having frequencies above those of audible sound
superstar	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
superstition	n.	an irrational belief arising from ignorance or fear
superstitious	adj.	showing ignorance of the laws of nature and faith in magic or chance
superstructure	n.	structure consisting of the part of a ship above the main deck
supertanker	n.	the largest class of oil tankers
supervene	v.	take place as an additional or unexpected development
supervention	n.	a following on in addition
supervise	v.	watch and direct
supervise	v.	keep tabs on; keep an eye on; keep under surveillance
supervised	v.	watch and direct
supervised	v.	keep tabs on; keep an eye on; keep under surveillance
supervised	adj.	under observation or under the direction of a superintendent or overseer
supervision	n.	management by overseeing the performance or operation of a person or group
supervisor	n.	one who supervises or has charge and direction of
supervisor	n.	a program that controls the execution of other programs
supervisory	adj.	of or limited to or involving supervision
supine	adj.	lying face upward
supine	adj.	offering no resistance; ; - Theodore Roosevelt
supper	n.	a light evening meal; served in early evening if dinner is at midday or served late in the evening at bedtime
supper	n.	a social gathering where a light evening meal is served
suppertime	n.	the customary or habitual hour for the evening meal
supplant	v.	take the place or move into the position of
supple	v.	make pliant and flexible
supple	adj.	moving and bending with ease
supple	adj.	(used of e.g. personality traits) readily adaptable
supple	adj.	(used of persons' bodies) capable of moving or bending freely
supplement	n.	textual matter that is added onto a publication; usually at the end
supplement	n.	a quantity added (e.g. to make up for a deficiency)
supplement	n.	a supplementary component that improves capability
supplement	v.	add as a supplement to what seems insufficient
supplement	v.	serve as a supplement to
supplement	v.	add to the very end
supplemental	adj.	functioning in a supporting capacity
supplemental	adj.	added to complete or make up a deficiency
supplementary	adj.	functioning in a supporting capacity
supplementary	adj.	added to complete or make up a deficiency
supplementation	n.	a quantity added (e.g. to make up for a deficiency)
supplementation	n.	the act of supplementing
suppleness	n.	the gracefulness of a person or animal that is flexible and supple
suppleness	n.	the property of being pliant and flexible
suppleness	n.	adaptability of mind or character
suppliant	n.	one praying humbly for something
suppliant	adj.	humbly entreating
supplicant	n.	someone who prays to God
supplicant	n.	one praying humbly for something
supplicant	adj.	humbly entreating
supplicate	v.	ask humbly (for something)
supplicate	v.	make a humble, earnest petition
supplicate	v.	ask for humbly or earnestly, as in prayer
supplication	n.	a prayer asking God's help as part of a religious service
supplication	n.	a humble request for help from someone in authority
supplication	n.	the act of communicating with a deity (especially as a petition or in adoration or contrition or thanksgiving)
supplier	n.	someone whose business is to supply a particular service or commodity
supply	n.	an amount of something available for use
supply	n.	offering goods and services for sale
supply	n.	the activity of supplying or providing something
supply	v.	give something useful or necessary to
supply	v.	circulate or distribute or equip with
supply	v.	give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance
supply	v.	state or say further
support	n.	the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying with money or necessities
support	n.	aiding the cause or policy or interests of
support	n.	something providing immaterial assistance to a person or cause or interest
support	n.	a military operation (often involving new supplies of men and materiel) to strengthen a military force or aid in the performance of its mission
support	n.	documentary validation
support	n.	the financial means whereby one lives
support	n.	supporting structure that holds up or provides a foundation
support	n.	the act of bearing the weight of or strengthening
support	n.	a musical part (vocal or instrumental) that supports or provides background for other musical parts
support	n.	any device that bears the weight of another thing
support	n.	financial resources provided to make some project possible
support	v.	give moral or psychological support, aid, or courage to
support	v.	support materially or financially
support	v.	be behind; approve of
support	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
support	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
support	v.	adopt as a belief
support	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
support	v.	argue or speak in defense of
support	v.	play a subordinate role to (another performer)
support	v.	be a regular customer or client of
support	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
supportable	adj.	capable of being borne though unpleasant
supported	v.	give moral or psychological support, aid, or courage to
supported	v.	support materially or financially
supported	v.	be behind; approve of
supported	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
supported	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
supported	v.	adopt as a belief
supported	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
supported	v.	argue or speak in defense of
supported	v.	play a subordinate role to (another performer)
supported	v.	be a regular customer or client of
supported	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
supported	adj.	sustained or maintained by aid (as distinct from physical support)
supported	adj.	held up or having the weight borne especially from below
supporter	n.	a person who backs a politician or a team etc.
supporter	n.	someone who supports or champions something
supporter	n.	a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose
supporter	n.	a band (usually elastic) worn around the leg to hold up a stocking (or around the arm to hold up a sleeve)
supporter	n.	a support for the genitals worn by men engaging in strenuous exercise
suppose	v.	express a supposition
suppose	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
suppose	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
suppose	v.	take for granted or as a given; suppose beforehand
suppose	v.	require as a necessary antecedent or precondition
supposed	v.	express a supposition
supposed	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
supposed	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
supposed	v.	take for granted or as a given; suppose beforehand
supposed	v.	require as a necessary antecedent or precondition
supposed	adj.	required or under orders
supposed	adj.	mistakenly believed
supposed	adj.	doubtful or suspect
supposed	adj.	based primarily on surmise rather than adequate evidence
supposition	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
supposition	n.	a hypothesis that is taken for granted
supposition	n.	the cognitive process of supposing
suppository	n.	a small plug of medication designed for insertion into the rectum or vagina where it melts
suppress	v.	to put down by force or authority
suppress	v.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority
suppress	v.	control and refrain from showing; of emotions, desires, impulses, or behavior
suppress	v.	put out of one's consciousness
suppress	v.	reduce the incidence or severity of or stop
suppressant	n.	a drug that suppresses appetite
suppression	n.	the failure to develop some part or organ
suppression	n.	the act of withholding or withdrawing some book or writing from publication or circulation
suppression	n.	forceful prevention; putting down by power or authority
suppression	n.	(psychology) the conscious exclusion of unacceptable thoughts or desires
suppressor	n.	someone who suppresses
suppressor	n.	a gene that suppresses the phenotypic expression of another gene (especially of a mutant gene)
suppressor	n.	an electrical device for suppressing unwanted currents
suppurate	v.	cause to ripen and discharge pus
suppurate	v.	ripen and generate pus
suppuration	n.	(medicine) the formation of morbific matter in an abscess or a vesicle and the discharge of pus
suppuration	n.	a fluid product of inflammation
supra	adv.	at an earlier place
supranational	adj.	transcending established national boundaries or spheres of interest
supremacist	n.	a person who advocates the supremacy of some particular group or race over all others
supremacy	n.	power to dominate or defeat
supreme	adj.	final or last in your life or progress
supreme	adj.	greatest in status or authority or power
supreme	adj.	highest in excellence or achievement
supreme	adj.	greatest or maximal in degree; extreme
supremo	n.	the most important person in an organization
surcease	n.	a stopping
surcharge	n.	an additional charge (as for items previously omitted or as a penalty for failure to exercise common caution or common skill)
surcharge	v.	charge an extra fee, as for a special service
surcharge	v.	rip off; ask an unreasonable price
surcharge	v.	fill to capacity with people
surcharge	v.	print a new denomination on a stamp or a banknote
surcharge	v.	fill to an excessive degree
surcharge	v.	place too much a load on
surcharge	v.	show an omission in (an account) for which credit ought to have been given
sure	adj.	having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured
sure	adj.	exercising or taking care great enough to bring assurance
sure	adj.	certain to occur; destined or inevitable; ; ; - Benjamin Franklin
sure	adj.	physically secure or dependable
sure	adj.	reliable in operation or effect
sure	adj.	(of persons) worthy of trust or confidence
sure	adj.	infallible or unfailing
sure	adj.	certain not to fail
sure	adj.	impossible to doubt or dispute
sure	adv.	definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely')
surefooted	adj.	not liable to stumble or fall
surefooted	adj.	not liable to error in judgment or action; - Walter Lippman; - Michiko Kakutani
sureness	n.	freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities
sureness	n.	the quality of being steady and unfailing
surety	n.	something clearly established
surety	n.	property that your creditor can claim in case you default on your obligation
surety	n.	a prisoner who is held by one party to insure that another party will meet specified terms
surety	n.	one who provides a warrant or guarantee to another
surety	n.	a guarantee that an obligation will be met
surf	n.	waves breaking on the shore
surf	v.	ride the waves of the sea with a surfboard
surf	v.	look around casually and randomly, without seeking anything in particular
surf	v.	switch channels, on television
surface	n.	the outer boundary of an artifact or a material layer constituting or resembling such a boundary
surface	n.	the extended two-dimensional outer boundary of a three-dimensional object
surface	n.	the outermost level of the land or sea
surface	n.	a superficial aspect as opposed to the real nature of something
surface	n.	information that has become public
surface	n.	a device that provides reactive force when in motion relative to the surrounding air; can lift or control a plane in flight
surface	v.	come to the surface
surface	v.	put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface
surface	v.	appear or become visible; make a showing
surface	adj.	on the surface
surfboard	n.	a narrow buoyant board for riding surf
surfboard	v.	ride the waves of the sea with a surfboard
surfeit	n.	the state of being more than full
surfeit	n.	the quality of being so overabundant that prices fall
surfeit	n.	eating until excessively full
surfeit	v.	supply or feed to surfeit
surfeit	v.	indulge (one's appetite) to satiety
surfer	n.	someone who engages in surfboarding
surfing	n.	the sport of riding a surfboard toward the shore on the crest of a wave
surfing	v.	ride the waves of the sea with a surfboard
surfing	v.	look around casually and randomly, without seeking anything in particular
surfing	v.	switch channels, on television
surge	n.	a sudden forceful flow
surge	n.	a sudden or abrupt strong increase
surge	n.	a large sea wave
surge	v.	rise and move, as in waves or billows
surge	v.	rise rapidly
surge	v.	rise or move forward
surge	v.	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave
surge	v.	see one's performance improve
surgeon	n.	a physician who specializes in surgery
surgery	n.	the branch of medical science that treats disease or injury by operative procedures
surgery	n.	a room where a doctor or dentist can be consulted
surgery	n.	a room in a hospital equipped for the performance of surgical operations
surgery	n.	a medical procedure involving an incision with instruments; performed to repair damage or arrest disease in a living body
surgical	adj.	of or relating to or involving or used in surgery
surgical	adj.	relating to or requiring or amenable to treatment by surgery especially as opposed to medicine
surgical	adj.	performed with great precision
suriname	n.	a republic in northeastern South America on the Atlantic; achieved independence from the Netherlands in 1975
surliness	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
surly	adj.	inclined to anger or bad feelings with overtones of menace
surmise	n.	a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence
surmise	v.	infer from incomplete evidence
surmise	v.	imagine to be the case or true or probable
surmount	v.	get on top of; deal with successfully
surmount	v.	be on top of
surmount	v.	reach the highest point of
surmount	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
surmountable	adj.	capable of being surmounted or overcome
surmountable	adj.	capable of being surmounted
surname	n.	the name used to identify the members of a family (as distinguished from each member's given name)
surpass	v.	distinguish oneself
surpass	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
surpass	v.	move past
surpass	v.	be greater in scope or size than some standard
surpassed	v.	distinguish oneself
surpassed	v.	be or do something to a greater degree
surpassed	v.	move past
surpassed	v.	be greater in scope or size than some standard
surplice	n.	a loose-fitting white ecclesiastical vestment with wide sleeves
surplus	n.	a quantity much larger than is needed
surplus	adj.	more than is needed, desired, or required
surprise	n.	the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you
surprise	n.	a sudden unexpected event
surprise	n.	the act of surprising someone
surprise	v.	cause to be surprised
surprise	v.	come upon or take unawares
surprise	v.	attack by storm; attack suddenly
surprising	v.	cause to be surprised
surprising	v.	come upon or take unawares
surprising	v.	attack by storm; attack suddenly
surprising	adj.	causing surprise or wonder or amazement
surreal	adj.	characterized by fantastic imagery and incongruous juxtapositions; --J.C.Powys
surreal	adj.	resembling a dream
surrealism	n.	a 20th century movement of artists and writers (developing out of dadaism) who used fantastic images and incongruous juxtapositions in order to represent unconscious thoughts and dreams
surrealist	n.	an artist who is a member of the movement called surrealism
surrealistic	adj.	characterized by fantastic imagery and incongruous juxtapositions; --J.C.Powys
surrender	n.	acceptance of despair
surrender	n.	a verbal act of admitting defeat
surrender	n.	the delivery of a principal into lawful custody
surrender	n.	the act of surrendering (usually under agreed conditions)
surrender	v.	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another
surrender	v.	relinquish possession or control over
surreptitious	adj.	marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed
surreptitious	adj.	conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods
surrey	n.	a county in southeastern England on the Thames
surrey	n.	a light four-wheeled horse-drawn carriage; has two or four seats
surrogate	n.	someone who takes the place of another person
surrogate	n.	a person appointed to represent or act on behalf of others
surrogate	adj.	providing or receiving nurture or parental care though not related by blood or legal ties
surround	n.	the area in which something exists or lives
surround	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
surround	v.	envelop completely
surround	v.	surround so as to force to give up
surround	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
surrounding	v.	extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle
surrounding	v.	envelop completely
surrounding	v.	surround so as to force to give up
surrounding	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
surrounding	adj.	closely encircling
surroundings	n.	the environmental condition
surroundings	n.	the area in which something exists or lives
surtax	n.	an additional tax on certain kinds of income that has already been taxed
surtax	v.	levy an extra tax on
surtitle	n.	translation of the words of a foreign opera (or choral work) projected on a screen above the stage
surveillance	n.	close observation of a person or group (usually by the police)
survey	n.	a detailed critical inspection
survey	n.	short descriptive summary (of events)
survey	n.	the act of looking or seeing or observing
survey	v.	consider in a comprehensive way
survey	v.	look over carefully or inspect
survey	v.	keep under surveillance
survey	v.	hold a review (of troops)
survey	v.	make a survey of; for statistical purposes
survey	v.	plot a map of (land)
surveying	n.	the practice of measuring angles and distances on the ground so that they can be accurately plotted on a map
surveying	v.	consider in a comprehensive way
surveying	v.	look over carefully or inspect
surveying	v.	keep under surveillance
surveying	v.	hold a review (of troops)
surveying	v.	make a survey of; for statistical purposes
surveying	v.	plot a map of (land)
surveyor	n.	an engineer who determines the boundaries and elevations of land or structures
surveyor	n.	someone who conducts a statistical survey
survival	n.	a state of surviving; remaining alive
survival	n.	a natural process resulting in the evolution of organisms best adapted to the environment
survival	n.	something that survives
survivalist	n.	someone who tries to insure their personal survival or the survival of their group or nation
survive	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
survive	v.	continue in existence after (an adversity, etc.)
survive	v.	support oneself
survive	v.	live longer than
survivor	n.	one who lives through affliction
survivor	n.	one who outlives another
survivor	n.	an animal that survives in spite of adversity
surya	n.	an important god of later Hinduism; the sun god or the sun itself worshipped as the source of warmth and light
susanna	n.	an Apocryphal book consisting of text added to the Book of Daniel
susceptibility	n.	the state of being susceptible; easily affected
susceptible	adj.	(often followed by `of' or `to') yielding readily to or capable of
susceptible	adj.	easily impressed emotionally
sushi	n.	rice (with raw fish) wrapped in seaweed
suspect	n.	someone who is under suspicion
suspect	n.	a person or institution against whom an action is brought in a court of law; the person being sued or accused
suspect	v.	imagine to be the case or true or probable
suspect	v.	regard as untrustworthy; regard with suspicion; have no faith or confidence in
suspect	v.	hold in suspicion; believe to be guilty
suspect	adj.	not as expected
suspected	v.	imagine to be the case or true or probable
suspected	v.	regard as untrustworthy; regard with suspicion; have no faith or confidence in
suspected	v.	hold in suspicion; believe to be guilty
suspected	adj.	believed likely
suspend	v.	hang freely
suspend	v.	cause to be held in suspension in a fluid
suspend	v.	bar temporarily; from school, office, etc.
suspend	v.	stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it
suspend	v.	make inoperative or stop
suspend	v.	render temporarily ineffective
suspender	n.	elastic straps that hold trousers up (usually used in the plural)
suspense	n.	apprehension about what is going to happen
suspense	n.	an uncertain cognitive state
suspense	n.	excited anticipation of an approaching climax
suspenseful	adj.	(of a situation) characterized by or causing suspense
suspension	n.	a mixture in which fine particles are suspended in a fluid where they are supported by buoyancy
suspension	n.	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
suspension	n.	temporary cessation or suspension
suspension	n.	an interruption in the intensity or amount of something
suspension	n.	a mechanical system of springs or shock absorbers connecting the wheels and axles to the chassis of a wheeled vehicle
suspension	n.	the act of suspending something (hanging it from above so it moves freely)
suspension	n.	a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc)
suspicion	n.	an impression that something might be the case
suspicion	n.	doubt about someone's honesty
suspicion	n.	the state of being suspected
suspicion	n.	being of a suspicious nature
suspicious	adj.	openly distrustful and unwilling to confide
suspicious	adj.	not as expected
susquehanna	n.	a river in the northeastern United States that rises in New York and flows southward through Pennsylvania and Maryland into Chesapeake Bay
suss	n.	type genus of the Suidae
sussex	n.	a county in southern England on the English Channel; formerly an Anglo-Saxon kingdom that was captured by Wessex in the 9th century
sustain	v.	lengthen or extend in duration or space
sustain	v.	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)
sustain	v.	provide with nourishment
sustain	v.	supply with necessities and support
sustain	v.	be the physical support of; carry the weight of
sustain	v.	admit as valid
sustain	v.	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts
sustainability	n.	the property of being sustainable
sustainable	adj.	capable of being sustained
sustenance	n.	a source of materials to nourish the body
sustenance	n.	the financial means whereby one lives
sustenance	n.	the act of sustaining life by food or providing a means of subsistence
sutherland	n.	Australian operatic soprano (born in 1926)
sutler	n.	a supplier of victuals or supplies to an army
suttee	n.	the act of a Hindu widow willingly cremating herself on the funeral pyre of her dead husband
suture	n.	an immovable joint (especially between the bones of the skull)
suture	n.	a seam used in surgery
suture	n.	thread of catgut or silk or wire used by surgeons to stitch tissues together
suture	v.	join with a suture
suv	n.	a high-performance four-wheel drive car built on a truck chassis
suva	n.	the capital and largest city of Fiji (on Viti Levu island)
suzerain	n.	a state exercising a degree of dominion over a dependent state especially in its foreign affairs
suzerainty	n.	the position or authority of a suzerain
suzerainty	n.	the domain of a suzerain
svalbard	n.	a Norwegian archipelago in the Arctic Ocean
svelte	adj.	showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience
svelte	adj.	moving and bending with ease
svelte	adj.	being of delicate or slender build; - Frank Norris
svengali	n.	someone (usually maleficent) who tries to persuade or force another person to do his bidding
svengali	n.	the musician in a novel by George du Maurier who controls Trilby's singing hypnotically
sw	n.	the compass point midway between south and west; at 225 degrees
swab	n.	implement consisting of a small piece of cotton that is used to apply medication or cleanse a wound or obtain a specimen of a secretion
swab	n.	cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for cleaning floors
swab	v.	wash with a swab or a mop
swab	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
swabbed	v.	wash with a swab or a mop
swabbed	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
swabbing	n.	cleaning with a mop
swabbing	v.	wash with a swab or a mop
swabbing	v.	apply (usually a liquid) to a surface
swaddle	v.	wrap in swaddling clothes
swag	n.	valuable goods
swag	n.	goods or money obtained illegally
swag	n.	a bundle containing the personal belongings of a swagman
swag	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
swag	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
swag	v.	sway heavily or unsteadily
swagged	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
swagged	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
swagged	v.	sway heavily or unsteadily
swagger	n.	an itinerant Australian laborer who carries his personal belongings in a bundle as he travels around in search of work
swagger	n.	a proud stiff pompous gait
swagger	v.	to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others
swagger	v.	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate
swagger	v.	act in an arrogant, overly self-assured, or conceited manner
swagger	adj.	(British informal) very chic
swagging	v.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
swagging	v.	walk as if unable to control one's movements
swagging	v.	sway heavily or unsteadily
swahili	n.	the most widely spoken Bantu languages; the official language of Kenya and Tanzania and widely used as a lingua franca in east and central Africa
swain	n.	a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman
swallow	n.	a small amount of liquid food
swallow	n.	the act of swallowing
swallow	n.	small long-winged songbird noted for swift graceful flight and the regularity of its migrations
swallow	v.	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking
swallow	v.	engulf and destroy
swallow	v.	enclose or envelop completely, as if by swallowing
swallow	v.	utter indistinctly
swallow	v.	take back what one has said
swallow	v.	keep from expressing
swallow	v.	tolerate or accommodate oneself to
swallow	v.	believe or accept without questioning or challenge
swallowtail	n.	a man's full-dress jacket with two long tapering tails at the back
swam	v.	travel through water
swam	v.	be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom
swam	v.	be dizzy or giddy
swam	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
swam	v.	move as if gliding through water
swami	n.	a Hindu religious teacher; used as a title of respect
swammerdam	n.	Dutch naturalist and microscopist who proposed a classification of insects and who was among the first to recognize cells in animals and was the first to see red blood cells (1637-1680)
swamp	n.	low land that is seasonally flooded; has more woody plants than a marsh and better drainage than a bog
swamp	n.	a situation fraught with difficulties and imponderables
swamp	v.	drench or submerge or be drenched or submerged
swamp	v.	fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid
swampland	n.	low land that is seasonally flooded; has more woody plants than a marsh and better drainage than a bog
swampy	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
swan	n.	stately heavy-bodied aquatic bird with very long neck and usually white plumage as adult
swan	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
swan	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
swan	v.	sweep majestically
swank	n.	elegance by virtue of being fashionable
swank	v.	display proudly; act ostentatiously or pretentiously
swank	adj.	imposingly fashionable and elegant
swanky	adj.	imposingly fashionable and elegant
swansea	n.	a port city in southern Wales on an inlet of the Bristol Channel
swanson	n.	United States actress in many silent films (1899-1983)
swap	n.	an equal exchange
swap	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
swap	v.	move (a piece of a program) into memory, in computer science
swapped	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
swapped	v.	move (a piece of a program) into memory, in computer science
swapping	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
swapping	v.	move (a piece of a program) into memory, in computer science
sward	n.	surface layer of ground containing a mat of grass and grass roots
swarm	n.	a moving crowd
swarm	n.	a group of many things in the air or on the ground
swarm	v.	be teeming, be abuzz
swarm	v.	move in large numbers
swarthy	adj.	naturally having skin of a dark color
swash	n.	the movement or sound of water
swash	v.	make violent, noisy movements
swash	v.	dash a liquid upon or against
swash	v.	show off
swash	v.	act in an arrogant, overly self-assured, or conceited manner
swashbuckler	n.	a reckless impetuous irresponsible person
swashbuckling	n.	flamboyantly reckless and boastful behavior
swashbuckling	adj.	flamboyantly adventurous
swastika	n.	the official emblem of the Nazi Party and the Third Reich; a cross with the arms bent at right angles in a clockwise direction
swat	n.	a sharp blow
swat	v.	hit swiftly with a violent blow
swatch	n.	a sample piece of cloth
swath	n.	the space created by the swing of a scythe or the cut of a mowing machine
swath	n.	a path or strip (as cut by one course of mowing)
swathe	n.	an enveloping bandage
swathe	v.	wrap in swaddling clothes
swaths	n.	the space created by the swing of a scythe or the cut of a mowing machine
swaths	n.	a path or strip (as cut by one course of mowing)
swatted	v.	hit swiftly with a violent blow
swatter	n.	an implement with a flat part (of mesh or plastic) and a long handle; used to kill insects
swatter	v.	splash and flutter about in or as if in water
swatting	v.	hit swiftly with a violent blow
sway	n.	controlling influence
sway	n.	pitching dangerously to one side
sway	v.	move back and forth or sideways
sway	v.	move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner
sway	v.	win approval or support for
sway	v.	cause to move back and forth
swayback	adj.	having abnormal sagging of the spine (especially in horses)
swayed	v.	move back and forth or sideways
swayed	v.	move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner
swayed	v.	win approval or support for
swayed	v.	cause to move back and forth
swazi	n.	a member of a southeast African people living in Swaziland and adjacent areas
swazi	n.	a Bantu language closely related to Zulu
swazi	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Swaziland or its people or their language
swaziland	n.	a landlocked monarchy in southeastern Africa; member of the commonwealth that achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1968
swear	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
swear	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
swear	v.	promise solemnly; take an oath
swear	v.	make a deposition; declare under oath
swear	v.	have confidence or faith in
swearer	n.	someone who uses profanity
swearer	n.	someone who takes a solemn oath
swearword	n.	profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger
sweat	n.	salty fluid secreted by sweat glands
sweat	n.	agitation resulting from active worry
sweat	n.	condensation of moisture on a cold surface
sweat	n.	use of physical or mental energy; hard work
sweat	v.	excrete perspiration through the pores in the skin
sweatband	n.	a band of fabric or leather sewn inside the crown of a hat
sweatband	n.	a band of material tied around the forehead or wrist to absorb sweat
sweater	n.	a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body
sweater	n.	a person who perspires
sweatpants	n.	loose-fitting trousers with elastic cuffs; worn by athletes
sweats	n.	garment consisting of sweat pants and a sweatshirt
sweats	n.	salty fluid secreted by sweat glands
sweats	n.	agitation resulting from active worry
sweats	n.	condensation of moisture on a cold surface
sweats	n.	use of physical or mental energy; hard work
sweats	v.	excrete perspiration through the pores in the skin
sweatshirt	n.	cotton knit pullover with long sleeves worn during athletic activity
sweatshop	n.	factory where workers do piecework for poor pay and are prevented from forming unions; common in the clothing industry
sweatsuit	n.	garment consisting of sweat pants and a sweatshirt
swede	n.	a native or inhabitant of Sweden
swede	n.	a cruciferous plant with a thick bulbous edible yellow root
swede	n.	the large yellow root of a rutabaga plant used as food
sweden	n.	a Scandinavian kingdom in the eastern part of the Scandinavian Peninsula
swedenborg	n.	Swedish theologian (1688-1772)
swedish	n.	a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Sweden and one of two official languages of Finland
swedish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Sweden or its people or culture or language
sweep	n.	a wide scope
sweep	n.	someone who cleans soot from chimneys
sweep	n.	winning all or all but one of the tricks in bridge
sweep	n.	a long oar used in an open boat
sweep	n.	(American football) an attempt to advance the ball by running around the end of the line
sweep	n.	a movement in an arc
sweep	v.	sweep across or over
sweep	v.	move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions
sweep	v.	sweep with a broom or as if with a broom
sweep	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
sweep	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
sweep	v.	clean by sweeping
sweep	v.	win an overwhelming victory in or on
sweep	v.	cover the entire range of
sweep	v.	make a big sweeping gesture or movement
sweeper	n.	an employee who sweeps (floors or streets etc.)
sweeper	n.	a cleaning implement with revolving brushes that pick up dirt as the implement is pushed over a carpet
sweeper	n.	little-known nocturnal fish of warm shallow seas with an oblong compressed body
sweeping	n.	the act of cleaning with a broom
sweeping	v.	sweep across or over
sweeping	v.	move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions
sweeping	v.	sweep with a broom or as if with a broom
sweeping	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
sweeping	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
sweeping	v.	clean by sweeping
sweeping	v.	win an overwhelming victory in or on
sweeping	v.	cover the entire range of
sweeping	v.	make a big sweeping gesture or movement
sweeping	adj.	taking in or moving over (or as if over) a wide area; often used in combination
sweeping	adj.	ignoring distinctions
sweepings	n.	the act of cleaning with a broom
sweepstakes	n.	a lottery in which the prize consists of the money paid by the participants
sweet	n.	English phonetician; one of the founders of modern phonetics (1845-1912)
sweet	n.	a dish served as the last course of a meal
sweet	n.	a food rich in sugar
sweet	n.	the taste experience when sugar dissolves in the mouth
sweet	n.	the property of tasting as if it contains sugar
sweet	adj.	having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar
sweet	adj.	having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub
sweet	adj.	pleasing to the ear
sweet	adj.	pleasing to the senses
sweet	adj.	pleasing to the mind or feeling
sweet	adj.	having a natural fragrance
sweet	adj.	(used of wines) having a high residual sugar content
sweet	adj.	not containing or composed of salt water
sweet	adj.	not soured or preserved
sweet	adj.	with sweetening added
sweet	adv.	in an affectionate or loving manner (`sweet' is sometimes a poetic or informal variant of `sweetly'); ; - Shakespeare
sweetbread	n.	edible glands of an animal
sweetbrier	n.	Eurasian rose with prickly stems and fragrant leaves and bright pink flowers followed by scarlet hips
sweetened	v.	make sweeter in taste
sweetened	v.	make sweeter, more pleasant, or more agreeable
sweetened	adj.	with sweetening added
sweetener	n.	something added to foods to make them taste sweeter
sweetener	n.	anything that serves as an enticement
sweetening	n.	something added to foods to make them taste sweeter
sweetening	n.	an improvement that makes something more agreeable
sweetening	n.	the act of adding a sweetener to food
sweetening	v.	make sweeter in taste
sweetening	v.	make sweeter, more pleasant, or more agreeable
sweetheart	n.	a person loved by another person
sweetheart	n.	any well-liked individual
sweetheart	n.	a very attractive or seductive looking woman
sweetheart	adj.	privileged treatment of a favored person or corporation (sometimes unethically)
sweetie	n.	a person loved by another person
sweetish	adj.	somewhat sweet
sweetmeat	n.	a sweetened delicacy (as a preserve or pastry)
sweetness	n.	the taste experience when sugar dissolves in the mouth
sweetness	n.	the property of tasting as if it contains sugar
sweetness	n.	a pleasingly sweet olfactory property
sweetness	n.	the quality of giving pleasure
swell	n.	the undulating movement of the surface of the open sea
swell	n.	a rounded elevation (especially one on an ocean floor)
swell	n.	a crescendo followed by a decrescendo
swell	n.	a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance
swell	v.	increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity
swell	v.	become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger
swell	v.	expand abnormally
swell	v.	come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things)
swell	v.	come up, as of a liquid
swell	v.	cause to become swollen
swell	adj.	very good
swellhead	n.	a conceited and self-centered person
swelling	n.	an abnormal protuberance or localized enlargement
swelling	n.	something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings
swelling	n.	the increase in volume of certain substances when they are heated (often accompanied by release of water)
swelling	v.	increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity
swelling	v.	become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger
swelling	v.	expand abnormally
swelling	v.	come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things)
swelling	v.	come up, as of a liquid
swelling	v.	cause to become swollen
swelter	v.	be uncomfortably hot
swelter	v.	suffer from intense heat
swept	v.	sweep across or over
swept	v.	move with sweeping, effortless, gliding motions
swept	v.	sweep with a broom or as if with a broom
swept	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
swept	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
swept	v.	clean by sweeping
swept	v.	win an overwhelming victory in or on
swept	v.	cover the entire range of
swept	v.	make a big sweeping gesture or movement
swept	adj.	possessing sweep
sweptback	adj.	(especially of aircraft wings) angled rearward from the point of attachment
sweptback	adj.	used of hair
swerve	n.	the act of turning aside suddenly
swerve	n.	an erratic deflection from an intended course
swerve	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
swerving	n.	the act of turning aside suddenly
swerving	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
swift	n.	United States meat-packer who began the use of refrigerated railroad cars (1839-1903)
swift	n.	an English satirist born in Ireland (1667-1745)
swift	n.	a small bird that resembles a swallow and is noted for its rapid flight
swift	n.	common western lizard; seen on logs or rocks
swift	adj.	moving very fast
swiftness	n.	a rate (usually rapid) at which something happens
swig	n.	a large and hurried swallow
swig	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
swig	v.	to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught
swigged	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
swigged	v.	to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught
swigging	v.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat
swigging	v.	to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught
swill	n.	wet feed (especially for pigs) consisting of mostly kitchen waste mixed with water or skimmed or sour milk
swill	v.	feed pigs
swill	v.	drink large quantities of (liquid, especially alcoholic drink)
swim	n.	the act of swimming; :
swim	v.	travel through water
swim	v.	be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom
swim	v.	be dizzy or giddy
swim	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
swim	v.	move as if gliding through water
swimmer	n.	a trained athlete who participates in swimming meets
swimmer	n.	a person who travels through the water by swimming
swimming	n.	the act of swimming; :
swimming	v.	travel through water
swimming	v.	be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom
swimming	v.	be dizzy or giddy
swimming	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
swimming	v.	move as if gliding through water
swimming	adj.	filled or brimming with tears
swimming	adj.	applied to a fish depicted horizontally
swimsuit	n.	tight fitting garment worn for swimming
swimwear	n.	tight fitting garment worn for swimming
swinburne	n.	English poet (1837-1909)
swindle	n.	the act of swindling by some fraudulent scheme
swindle	v.	deprive of by deceit
swindler	n.	a person who swindles you by means of deception or fraud
swine	n.	stout-bodied short-legged omnivorous animals
swineherd	n.	a herder or swine
swing	n.	a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity
swing	n.	mechanical device used as a plaything to support someone swinging back and forth
swing	n.	a sweeping blow or stroke
swing	n.	changing location by moving back and forth
swing	n.	a style of jazz played by big bands popular in the 1930s; flowing rhythms but less complex than later styles of jazz
swing	n.	a jaunty rhythm in music
swing	n.	the act of swinging a golf club at a golf ball and (usually) hitting it
swing	n.	in baseball; a batter's attempt to hit a pitched ball
swing	n.	a square dance figure; a pair of dancers join hands and dance around a point between them
swing	v.	move in a curve or arc, usually with the intent of hitting
swing	v.	move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner
swing	v.	change direction with a swinging motion; turn
swing	v.	influence decisively
swing	v.	make a big sweeping gesture or movement
swing	v.	hang freely
swing	v.	hit or aim at with a sweeping arm movement
swing	v.	alternate dramatically between high and low values
swing	v.	live in a lively, modern, and relaxed style
swing	v.	have a certain musical rhythm
swing	v.	be a social swinger; socialize a lot
swing	v.	play with a subtle and intuitively felt sense of rhythm
swing	v.	engage freely in promiscuous sex, often with the husband or wife of one's friends
swingeing	v.	burn superficially or lightly
swingeing	adj.	severe; punishingly bad
swinger	n.	someone who swings sports implements
swinger	n.	a person who engages freely in promiscuous sex
swinish	adj.	ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance
swinish	adj.	resembling swine; coarsely gluttonous or greedy
swipe	n.	a sweeping stroke or blow
swipe	v.	strike with a swiping motion
swipe	v.	make off with belongings of others
swirl	n.	the shape of something rotating rapidly
swirl	v.	turn in a twisting or spinning motion
swirl	v.	flow in a circular current, of liquids
swish	n.	a brushing or rustling sound
swish	v.	move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound
swish	adj.	elegant and fashionable; ; ; ; - Julia Child
swiss	n.	the natives or inhabitants of Switzerland
swiss	adj.	of or relating to Switzerland or its people or culture
switch	n.	control consisting of a mechanical or electrical or electronic device for making or breaking or changing the connections in a circuit
switch	n.	an event in which one thing is substituted for another
switch	n.	hairpiece consisting of a tress of false hair; used by women to give shape to a coiffure
switch	n.	railroad track having two movable rails and necessary connections; used to turn a train from one track to another or to store rolling stock
switch	n.	a flexible implement used as an instrument of punishment
switch	n.	a basketball maneuver; two defensive players shift assignments so that each guards the player usually guarded by the other
switch	n.	the act of changing one thing or position for another
switch	v.	change over, change around, as to a new order or sequence
switch	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
switch	v.	lay aside, abandon, or leave for another
switch	v.	make a shift in or exchange of
switch	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
switch	v.	flog with or as if with a flexible rod
switch	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
switchblade	n.	a pocketknife with a blade that springs open at the press of a button
switchboard	n.	telephone central where circuits are completed with patchcords
switcher	n.	a person who administers punishment by wielding a switch or whip
switzerland	n.	a landlocked federal republic in central Europe
swivel	n.	a coupling (as in a chain) that has one end that turns on a headed pin
swivel	v.	turn on a pivot
swiz	n.	British slang for a swindle
swizzle	n.	any of various tall frothy mixed drinks made usually of rum and lime juice and sugar shaken with ice
swollen	v.	increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity
swollen	v.	become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger
swollen	v.	expand abnormally
swollen	v.	come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things)
swollen	v.	come up, as of a liquid
swollen	v.	cause to become swollen
swollen	adj.	characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
swoon	n.	a spontaneous loss of consciousness caused by insufficient blood to the brain
swoon	v.	pass out from weakness, physical or emotional distress due to a loss of blood supply to the brain
swoop	n.	(music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale
swoop	n.	a very rapid raid
swoop	n.	a swift descent through the air
swoop	v.	move down on as if in an attack
swoop	v.	move with a sweep, or in a swooping arc
swoop	v.	seize or catch with a swooping motion
swoosh	n.	the noise produced by the sudden rush of a fluid (a gas or liquid)
swoosh	v.	move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound
sword	n.	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard
swordfish	n.	flesh of swordfish usually served as steaks
swordfish	n.	large toothless marine food fish with a long swordlike upper jaw; not completely cold-blooded i.e. they are able to warm their brains and eyes: worldwide in warm waters but feed on cold ocean floor coming to surface at night
swordplay	n.	the act using a sword (or other weapon) vigorously and skillfully
swordsman	n.	someone skilled at fencing
swordsmanship	n.	skill in fencing
swordsmen	n.	someone skilled at fencing
swore	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
swore	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
swore	v.	promise solemnly; take an oath
swore	v.	make a deposition; declare under oath
swore	v.	have confidence or faith in
sworn	v.	utter obscenities or profanities
sworn	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
sworn	v.	promise solemnly; take an oath
sworn	v.	make a deposition; declare under oath
sworn	v.	have confidence or faith in
sworn	adj.	bound by or as if by an oath
sworn	adj.	bound by or stated on oath; - Shakespeare
swot	n.	an insignificant student who is ridiculed as being affected or boringly studious
swot	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
swotted	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
swotting	v.	study intensively, as before an exam
swum	v.	travel through water
swum	v.	be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom
swum	v.	be dizzy or giddy
swum	v.	be covered with or submerged in a liquid
swum	v.	move as if gliding through water
swung	v.	move in a curve or arc, usually with the intent of hitting
swung	v.	move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner
swung	v.	change direction with a swinging motion; turn
swung	v.	influence decisively
swung	v.	make a big sweeping gesture or movement
swung	v.	hang freely
swung	v.	hit or aim at with a sweeping arm movement
swung	v.	alternate dramatically between high and low values
swung	v.	live in a lively, modern, and relaxed style
swung	v.	have a certain musical rhythm
swung	v.	be a social swinger; socialize a lot
swung	v.	play with a subtle and intuitively felt sense of rhythm
swung	v.	engage freely in promiscuous sex, often with the husband or wife of one's friends
sybarite	n.	a person addicted to luxury and pleasures of the senses
sybaritic	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
sycamore	n.	variably colored and sometimes variegated hard tough elastic wood of a sycamore tree
sycamore	n.	any of several trees of the genus Platanus having thin pale bark that scales off in small plates and lobed leaves and ball-shaped heads of fruits
sycamore	n.	Eurasian maple tree with pale grey bark that peels in flakes like that of a sycamore tree; leaves with five ovate lobes yellow in autumn
sycamore	n.	thick-branched wide-spreading tree of Africa and adjacent southwestern Asia often buttressed with branches rising from near the ground; produces cluster of edible but inferior figs on short leafless twigs; the biblical sycamore
sycophancy	n.	fawning obsequiousness
sycophant	n.	a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage
sycophantic	adj.	attempting to win favor from influential people by flattery
sycophantic	adj.	attempting to win favor by flattery
sydney	n.	the largest Australian city located in southeastern Australia on the Tasman Sea; state capital of New South Wales; Australia's chief port
syllabic	adj.	of or relating to syllables
syllabic	adj.	consisting of or using a syllabary
syllabic	adj.	(of verse) having lines based on number of syllables rather than on rhythmical arrangement of stresses or quantities
syllabic	adj.	consisting of a syllable or syllables
syllabic	adj.	(of speech sounds) forming the nucleus of a syllable
syllabicate	v.	divide into syllables
syllabication	n.	forming or dividing words into syllables
syllabification	n.	forming or dividing words into syllables
syllabify	v.	divide into syllables
syllable	n.	a unit of spoken language larger than a phoneme
syllabub	n.	spiced hot milk with rum or wine
syllabub	n.	sweetened cream beaten with wine or liquor
syllabus	n.	an integrated course of academic studies
syllogism	n.	deductive reasoning in which a conclusion is derived from two premises
syllogistic	adj.	of or relating to or consisting of syllogism
sylph	n.	a slender graceful young woman
sylph	n.	an elemental being believed to inhabit the air
sylphlike	adj.	moving and bending with ease
sylphs	n.	a slender graceful young woman
sylphs	n.	an elemental being believed to inhabit the air
sylvan	n.	a spirit that lives in or frequents the woods
sylvan	adj.	relating to or characteristic of wooded regions
symbiosis	n.	the relation between two different species of organisms that are interdependent; each gains benefits from the other
symbiotic	adj.	used of organisms (especially of different species) living together but not necessarily in a relation beneficial to each
symbiotically	adv.	in a symbiotic manner
symbol	n.	an arbitrary sign (written or printed) that has acquired a conventional significance
symbol	n.	something visible that by association or convention represents something else that is invisible
symbolic	adj.	relating to or using or proceeding by means of symbols
symbolic	adj.	serving as a visible symbol for something abstract
symbolic	adj.	using symbolism
symbolical	adj.	relating to or using or proceeding by means of symbols
symbolical	adj.	serving as a visible symbol for something abstract
symbolism	n.	a system of symbols and symbolic representations
symbolism	n.	the practice of investing things with symbolic meaning
symbolism	n.	an artistic movement in the late 19th century that tried to express abstract or mystical ideas through the symbolic use of images
symbolization	n.	the use of symbols to convey meaning
symbolization	n.	something visible that by association or convention represents something else that is invisible
symbolization	n.	the practice of investing things with symbolic meaning
symbolize	v.	express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol
symbolize	v.	represent or identify by using a symbol; use symbols
symbology	n.	the study or the use of symbols and symbolism
symmetric	adj.	having similarity in size, shape, and relative position of corresponding parts
symmetrical	adj.	having similarity in size, shape, and relative position of corresponding parts
symmetrical	adj.	exhibiting equivalence or correspondence among constituents of an entity or between different entities
symmetry	n.	(mathematics) an attribute of a shape or relation; exact reflection of form on opposite sides of a dividing line or plane
symmetry	n.	balance among the parts of something
symmetry	n.	(physics) the property of being isotropic; having the same value when measured in different directions
sympathetic	adj.	of or relating to the sympathetic nervous system
sympathetic	adj.	expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward
sympathetic	adj.	showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity
sympathetic	adj.	(of characters in literature or drama) evoking empathic or sympathetic feelings
sympathetic	adj.	having similar disposition and tastes
sympathetic	adj.	relating to vibrations that occur as a result of vibrations in a nearby body
sympathetically	adv.	with respect to the sympathetic nervous system
sympathetically	adv.	in a sympathetic manner
sympathies	n.	an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion
sympathies	n.	sharing the feelings of others (especially feelings of sorrow or anguish)
sympathies	n.	a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other
sympathize	v.	share the feelings of; understand the sentiments of
sympathize	v.	be understanding of
sympathize	v.	to feel or express sympathy or compassion
sympathizer	n.	commiserates with someone who has had misfortune
sympathizer	n.	someone who shares your feelings or opinions and hopes that you will be successful
sympathy	n.	an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion
sympathy	n.	sharing the feelings of others (especially feelings of sorrow or anguish)
sympathy	n.	a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other
symphonic	adj.	relating to or characteristic or suggestive of a symphony
symphonic	adj.	harmonious in sound
symphony	n.	a long and complex sonata for symphony orchestra
symphony	n.	a large orchestra; can perform symphonies
symposium	n.	a meeting or conference for the public discussion of some topic especially one in which the participants form an audience and make presentations
symptom	n.	(medicine) any sensation or change in bodily function that is experienced by a patient and is associated with a particular disease
symptom	n.	anything that accompanies X and is regarded as an indication of X's existence
symptomatic	adj.	characteristic or indicative of a disease
symptomatic	adj.	relating to or according to or affecting a symptom or symptoms
symptomatically	adv.	by symptoms
synagogue	n.	(Judaism) the place of worship for a Jewish congregation
synapse	n.	the junction between two neurons (axon-to-dendrite) or between a neuron and a muscle
synaptic	adj.	(neuroscience) of or involving synapses
sync	v.	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner
synchronicity	n.	the relation that exists when things occur at the same time
synchronization	n.	the relation that exists when things occur at the same time
synchronization	n.	an adjustment that causes something to occur or recur in unison
synchronization	n.	coordinating by causing to indicate the same time
synchronize	v.	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner
synchronize	v.	happen at the same time
synchronize	v.	make (motion picture sound) exactly simultaneous with the action
synchronize	v.	arrange or represent events so that they co-occur
synchronize	v.	operate simultaneously
synchronize	v.	cause to indicate the same time or rate
synchronous	adj.	occurring or existing at the same time or having the same period or phase; - Jour.A.M.A.
synchronous	adj.	(digital communication) pertaining to a transmission technique that requires a common clock signal (a timing reference) between the communicating devices in order to coordinate their transmissions
synchrony	n.	the relation that exists when things occur at the same time
syncopate	v.	omit a sound or letter in a word
syncopate	v.	modify the rhythm by stressing or accenting a weak beat
syncopation	n.	(phonology) the loss of sounds from within a word (as in `fo'c'sle' for `forecastle')
syncopation	n.	a musical rhythm accenting a normally weak beat
syncopation	n.	music (especially dance music) that has a syncopated rhythm
syncope	n.	a spontaneous loss of consciousness caused by insufficient blood to the brain
syncope	n.	(phonology) the loss of sounds from within a word (as in `fo'c'sle' for `forecastle')
syndicalism	n.	a radical political movement that advocates bringing industry and government under the control of labor unions
syndicalist	n.	an advocate of anarchism
syndicate	n.	a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge of organized criminal activities
syndicate	n.	an association of companies for some definite purpose
syndicate	n.	a news agency that sells features or articles or photographs etc. to newspapers for simultaneous publication
syndicate	v.	join together into a syndicate
syndicate	v.	organize into or form a syndicate
syndicate	v.	sell articles, television programs, or photos to several publications or independent broadcasting stations
syndication	n.	organizing into or administering as a syndicate
syndication	n.	selling (an article or cartoon) for publication in many magazines or newspapers at the same time
syndrome	n.	a complex of concurrent things
syndrome	n.	a pattern of symptoms indicative of some disease
synergism	n.	the working together of two things (muscles or drugs for example) to produce an effect greater than the sum of their individual effects
synergism	n.	the theological doctrine that salvation results from the interaction of human will and divine grace
synergistic	adj.	used especially of drugs or muscles that work together so the total effect is greater than the sum of the two (or more)
synergistic	adj.	of or relating to the theological doctrine of synergism
synergistic	adj.	working together; used especially of groups, as subsidiaries of a corporation, cooperating for an enhanced effect
synergy	n.	the working together of two things (muscles or drugs for example) to produce an effect greater than the sum of their individual effects
synge	n.	Irish poet and playwright whose plays are based on rural Irish life (1871-1909)
synod	n.	a council convened to discuss ecclesiastical business
synonym	n.	two words that can be interchanged in a context are said to be synonymous relative to that context
synonymous	adj.	(of words) meaning the same or nearly the same
synonymy	n.	the semantic relation that holds between two words that can (in a given context) express the same meaning
synopses	n.	a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory
synopsis	n.	a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory
synoptic	adj.	presenting a summary or general view of a whole
synoptic	adj.	presenting or taking the same point of view; used especially with regard to the first three gospels of the New Testament
synovial	adj.	relating to or secreting synovia
syntactic	adj.	of or relating to or conforming to the rules of syntax
syntactical	adj.	of or relating to or conforming to the rules of syntax
syntax	n.	the grammatical arrangement of words in sentences
syntax	n.	a systematic orderly arrangement
syntax	n.	studies of the rules for forming admissible sentences
syntheses	n.	the process of producing a chemical compound (usually by the union of simpler chemical compounds)
syntheses	n.	the combination of ideas into a complex whole
syntheses	n.	reasoning from the general to the particular (or from cause to effect)
synthesis	n.	the process of producing a chemical compound (usually by the union of simpler chemical compounds)
synthesis	n.	the combination of ideas into a complex whole
synthesis	n.	reasoning from the general to the particular (or from cause to effect)
synthesize	v.	combine so as to form a more complex, product
synthesize	v.	combine and form a synthesis
synthesizer	n.	an intellectual who synthesizes or uses synthetic methods
synthesizer	n.	(music) an electronic instrument (usually played with a keyboard) that generates and modifies sounds electronically and can imitate a variety of other musical instruments
synthetic	n.	a compound made artificially by chemical reactions
synthetic	adj.	not of natural origin; prepared or made artificially
synthetic	adj.	involving or of the nature of synthesis (combining separate elements to form a coherent whole) as opposed to analysis; - P.S.Welch
synthetic	adj.	systematic combining of root and modifying elements into single words
synthetic	adj.	of a proposition whose truth value is determined by observation or facts
synthetic	adj.	artificial as if portrayed in a film
synthetic	adj.	not genuine or natural; - George Will
synthetically	adv.	by synthesis; in a synthetic manner
syphilis	n.	a common venereal disease caused by the treponema pallidum spirochete; symptoms change through progressive stages; can be congenital (transmitted through the placenta)
syphilitic	n.	a person suffering from syphilis
syphilitic	adj.	of or relating to or infected with syphilis
syracuse	n.	a city in central New York
syracuse	n.	a city in southeastern Sicily that was founded by Corinthians in the 8th century BC
syracuse	n.	the Roman siege of Syracuse (214-212 BC) was eventually won by the Romans who sacked the city (killing Archimedes)
syracuse	n.	the Athenian siege of Syracuse (415-413 BC) was eventually won by Syracuse
syria	n.	an Asian republic in the Middle East at the east end of the Mediterranean; site of some of the world's most ancient centers of civilization
syrian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Syria
syrian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Syria or its people or culture
syringe	n.	a medical instrument used to inject or withdraw fluids
syringe	v.	spray or irrigate (a body part) with a syringe
syrup	n.	a thick sweet sticky liquid
syrupy	adj.	overly sweet
syrupy	adj.	having a relatively high resistance to flow
syrupy	adj.	with honey added
system	n.	instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed to work as a coherent entity
system	n.	a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole
system	n.	(physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium
system	n.	a complex of methods or rules governing behavior
system	n.	an organized structure for arranging or classifying
system	n.	a group of physiologically or anatomically related organs or parts
system	n.	a procedure or process for obtaining an objective
system	n.	the living body considered as made up of interdependent components forming a unified whole
system	n.	an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized
systematic	adj.	characterized by order and planning
systematic	adj.	of or relating to taxonomy
systematization	n.	systematic organization; the act of organizing something according to a system or a rationale
systematize	v.	arrange according to a system or reduce to a system
systemic	adj.	affecting an entire system
systole	n.	the contraction of the chambers of the heart (especially the ventricles) to drive blood into the aorta and pulmonary artery
systolic	adj.	of or relating to a systole or happening during a systole
szilard	n.	United States physicist and molecular biologist who helped develop the first atom bomb and later opposed the use of all nuclear weapons (1898-1964)
t	n.	a base found in DNA (but not in RNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine
t	n.	one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
t	n.	a unit of weight equivalent to 1000 kilograms
t	n.	the 20th letter of the Roman alphabet
t	n.	thyroid hormone similar to thyroxine but with one less iodine atom per molecule and produced in smaller quantity; exerts the same biological effects as thyroxine but is more potent and briefer
t	n.	hormone produced by the thyroid glands to regulate metabolism by controlling the rate of oxidation in cells
ta	n.	a hard grey lustrous metallic element that is highly resistant to corrosion; occurs in niobite and fergusonite and tantalite
tab	n.	the bill in a restaurant
tab	n.	sensationalist journalism
tab	n.	the key on a typewriter or a word processor that causes a tabulation
tab	n.	a short strip of material attached to or projecting from something in order to facilitate opening or identifying or handling it
tab	n.	a dose of medicine in the form of a small pellet
tabasco	n.	a Mexican state on the Gulf of Campeche
tabasco	n.	very spicy sauce (trade name Tabasco) made from fully-aged red peppers
tabasco	n.	very hot red peppers; usually long and thin; some very small
tabbouleh	n.	a finely chopped salad with tomatoes and parsley and mint and scallions and bulgur wheat
tabby	n.	a cat with a grey or tawny coat mottled with black
tabby	n.	female cat
tabby	adj.	having a grey or brown streak or a pattern or a patchy coloring; used especially of the patterned fur of cats
tabernacle	n.	the Mormon temple
tabernacle	n.	(Judaism) a portable sanctuary in which the Jews carried the Ark of the Covenant on their exodus
tabernacle	n.	(Judaism) the place of worship for a Jewish congregation
table	n.	a set of data arranged in rows and columns
table	n.	a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top that is usually supported by one or more vertical legs
table	n.	a piece of furniture with tableware for a meal laid out on it
table	n.	flat tableland with steep edges
table	n.	a company of people assembled at a table for a meal or game
table	n.	food or meals in general
table	v.	hold back to a later time
table	v.	arrange or enter in tabular form
tableau	n.	a group of people attractively arranged (as if in a painting)
tableau	n.	any dramatic scene
tableaux	n.	a group of people attractively arranged (as if in a painting)
tableaux	n.	any dramatic scene
tablecloth	n.	a covering spread over a dining table
tablecloths	n.	a covering spread over a dining table
tableland	n.	a relatively flat highland
tablespoon	n.	as much as a tablespoon will hold
tablespoon	n.	a spoon larger than a dessert spoon; used for serving
tablespoonful	n.	as much as a tablespoon will hold
tablet	n.	a slab of stone or wood suitable for bearing an inscription
tablet	n.	a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge
tablet	n.	a small flat compressed cake of some substance
tablet	n.	a dose of medicine in the form of a small pellet
tabletop	n.	the top horizontal work surface of a table
tableware	n.	articles for use at the table (dishes and silverware and glassware)
tabloid	n.	sensationalist journalism
tabloid	n.	newspaper with half-size pages
taboo	n.	a prejudice (especially in Polynesia and other South Pacific islands) that prohibits the use or mention of something because of its sacred nature
taboo	n.	an inhibition or ban resulting from social custom or emotional aversion
taboo	v.	declare as sacred and forbidden
taboo	adj.	excluded from use or mention
taboo	adj.	forbidden to profane use especially in South Pacific islands
tabor	n.	a small drum with one head of soft calfskin
tabriz	n.	an ancient city in northwestern Iran; known for hot springs
tabular	adj.	of or pertaining to or arranged in table form
tabular	adj.	flat; like a table in form
tabulate	v.	arrange or enter in tabular form
tabulate	v.	shape or cut with a flat surface
tabulation	n.	information set out in tabular form
tabulation	n.	the act of putting into tabular form
tabulator	n.	a calculator that keeps a record of the number of times something happens
tachograph	n.	a tachometer that produces a graphical record of its readings; used to record the speed and duration of trips in a motor vehicle
tachographs	n.	a tachometer that produces a graphical record of its readings; used to record the speed and duration of trips in a motor vehicle
tachometer	n.	measuring instrument for indicating speed of rotation
tachycardia	n.	abnormally rapid heartbeat (over 100 beats per minute)
tacit	adj.	implied by or inferred from actions or statements
taciturn	adj.	habitually reserved and uncommunicative
taciturnity	n.	the trait of being uncommunicative; not volunteering anything more than necessary
tacitus	n.	Roman historian who wrote major works on the history of the Roman Empire (56-120)
tack	n.	the heading or position of a vessel relative to the trim of its sails
tack	n.	a short nail with a sharp point and a large head
tack	n.	gear for a horse
tack	n.	(nautical) a line (rope or chain) that regulates the angle at which a sail is set in relation to the wind
tack	n.	(nautical) the act of changing tack
tack	n.	sailing a zigzag course
tack	v.	fasten with tacks
tack	v.	turn into the wind
tack	v.	create by putting components or members together
tack	v.	sew together loosely, with large stitches
tack	v.	fix to; attach
tack	v.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
tacker	n.	a worker who fastens things by tacking them (as with tacks or by spotwelding)
tacker	n.	a sewer who fastens a garment with long loose stitches
tacker	n.	a hand-held machine for driving staples home
tackiness	n.	the property of being cohesive and sticky
tackiness	n.	tastelessness by virtue of being cheap and vulgar
tackle	n.	the person who plays that position on a football team
tackle	n.	gear consisting of ropes etc. supporting a ship's masts and sails
tackle	n.	gear used in fishing
tackle	n.	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage
tackle	n.	(American football) grasping an opposing player with the intention of stopping by throwing to the ground
tackle	v.	accept as a challenge
tackle	v.	put a harness
tackle	v.	seize and throw down an opponent player, who usually carries the ball
tackler	n.	a football player who tackles the ball carrier
tacky	adj.	(of a glutinous liquid such as paint) not completely dried and slightly sticky to the touch
tacky	adj.	tastelessly showy
taco	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Mexican descent
taco	n.	a tortilla rolled cupped around a filling
tacoma	n.	a city in west central Washington on an arm of Puget Sound to the south of Seattle
tact	n.	consideration in dealing with others and avoiding giving offense
tactful	adj.	having or showing a sense of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others
tactful	adj.	showing skill and sensitivity in dealing with people
tactfulness	n.	consideration in dealing with others and avoiding giving offense
tactic	n.	a plan for attaining a particular goal
tactical	adj.	of or pertaining to tactic or tactics
tactician	n.	a person who is skilled at planning tactics
tactile	adj.	of or relating to or proceeding from the sense of touch
tactile	adj.	producing a sensation of touch
tactility	n.	the faculty of perceiving (via the skin) pressure or heat or pain
tactless	adj.	lacking or showing a lack of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others
tactless	adj.	revealing lack of perceptiveness or judgment or finesse
tactlessness	n.	the quality of lacking tact
tad	n.	a slight amount or degree of difference
tadpole	n.	a larval frog or toad
tadzhik	n.	a native or inhabitant of Tajikistan and neighboring areas of Uzbekistan and Afghanistan and China
tadzhik	n.	a landlocked mountainous republic in southeast central Asia to the north of Afghanistan; formerly an Asian soviet
tadzhik	n.	an ethnic group (mostly Moslem) living in Tajikistan and neighboring areas of Uzbekistan and Afghanistan and China
tadzhik	n.	the Iranian language of the Tajik that is closely related to Farsi; spoken in Iran and Tajikistan
taegu	n.	a city in southeastern South Korea
taffeta	n.	a crisp smooth lustrous fabric
taffrail	n.	the railing around the stern of a ship
taffy	n.	chewy candy of sugar or syrup boiled until thick and pulled until glossy
taft	n.	United States sculptor (1860-1936)
taft	n.	27th President of the United States and later chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1857-1930)
tag	n.	a label written or printed on paper, cardboard, or plastic that is attached to something to indicate its owner, nature, price, etc.
tag	n.	a label associated with something for the purpose of identification
tag	n.	a small piece of cloth or paper
tag	n.	a game in which one child chases the others; the one who is caught becomes the next chaser
tag	n.	(sports) the act of touching a player in a game (which changes their status in the game)
tag	v.	attach a tag or label to
tag	v.	touch a player while he is holding the ball
tag	v.	provide with a name or nickname
tag	v.	go after with the intent to catch
tag	v.	supply (blank verse or prose) with rhymes
tagalog	n.	a member of a people native to the Philippines chiefly inhabiting central Luzon around and including Manila
tagalog	n.	the language of the Tagalog on which Filipino is based
tagged	v.	attach a tag or label to
tagged	v.	touch a player while he is holding the ball
tagged	v.	provide with a name or nickname
tagged	v.	go after with the intent to catch
tagged	v.	supply (blank verse or prose) with rhymes
tagged	adj.	bearing or marked with a label or tag
tagger	n.	someone who assigns labels to the grammatical constituents of textual matter
tagger	n.	someone who appends or joins one thing to another
tagger	n.	a computer program that attaches labels to the grammatical constituents of textual matter
tagging	v.	attach a tag or label to
tagging	v.	touch a player while he is holding the ball
tagging	v.	provide with a name or nickname
tagging	v.	go after with the intent to catch
tagging	v.	supply (blank verse or prose) with rhymes
tagliatelle	n.	pasta cut in narrow ribbons
tagore	n.	Indian writer and philosopher whose poetry (based on traditional Hindu themes) pioneered the use of colloquial Bengali (1861-1941)
tagus	n.	a European river; flows into the North Atlantic
tahiti	n.	an island in the south Pacific; the most important island in French Polynesia; made famous by Robert Louis Stevenson and Paul Gauguin
tahitian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Tahiti
tahitian	n.	the Oceanic language spoken on Tahiti
tahitian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the island of Tahiti or its residents or their language and culture
taichung	n.	a city in Taiwan
tail	n.	the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and extending beyond the trunk or main part of the body
tail	n.	the time of the last part of something
tail	n.	any projection that resembles the tail of an animal
tail	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
tail	n.	a spy employed to follow someone and report their movements
tail	n.	(usually plural) the reverse side of a coin that does not bear the representation of a person's head
tail	n.	the rear part of an aircraft
tail	n.	the rear part of a ship
tail	v.	go after with the intent to catch
tail	v.	remove or shorten the tail of an animal
tail	v.	remove the stalk of fruits or berries
tailback	n.	(American football) the person who plays tailback
tailback	n.	(American football) the position of the offensive back on a football team who lines up farthest from the line of scrimmage
tailboard	n.	a gate at the rear of a vehicle; can be lowered for loading
tailcoat	n.	formalwear consisting of full evening dress for men
tailgate	n.	a gate at the rear of a vehicle; can be lowered for loading
tailgate	v.	follow at a dangerously close distance
tailgater	n.	a driver who follows too closely behind another motor vehicle
tailless	adj.	not having a tail
taillight	n.	lamp (usually red) mounted at the rear of a motor vehicle
tailor	n.	a person whose occupation is making and altering garments
tailor	v.	adjust to a specific need or market
tailor	v.	style and tailor in a certain fashion
tailor	v.	create (clothes) with cloth
tailoring	n.	the occupation of a tailor
tailoring	v.	adjust to a specific need or market
tailoring	v.	style and tailor in a certain fashion
tailoring	v.	create (clothes) with cloth
tailpiece	n.	appendage added to extend the length of something
tailpipe	n.	a pipe carrying fumes from the muffler to the rear of a car
tailspin	n.	loss of emotional control often resulting in emotional collapse
tailspin	n.	rapid descent of an aircraft in a steep spiral
tailwind	n.	wind blowing in the same direction as the path of a ship or aircraft
taint	n.	the state of being contaminated
taint	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
taint	v.	contaminate with a disease or microorganism
tainted	v.	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon
tainted	v.	contaminate with a disease or microorganism
tainted	adj.	touched by rot or decay
taipei	n.	the capital of Nationalist China; located in northern Taiwan
taiwan	n.	a government on the island of Taiwan established in 1949 by Chiang Kai-shek after the conquest of mainland China by the Communists led by Mao Zedong
taiwan	n.	an island in southeastern Asia 100 miles off the coast of mainland China in the South China Sea
taiwanese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Taiwan
taiwanese	n.	any of the forms of Chinese spoken in Fukien province
taiwanese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the island republic on Taiwan or its residents or their language
taiyuan	n.	an ancient city in northeastern China noted for coal mining and steel production
tajikistan	n.	a landlocked mountainous republic in southeast central Asia to the north of Afghanistan; formerly an Asian soviet
take	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
take	n.	the act of photographing a scene or part of a scene without interruption
take	v.	carry out
take	v.	require (time or space)
take	v.	take somebody somewhere
take	v.	get into one's hands, take physically
take	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
take	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
take	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
take	v.	take into one's possession
take	v.	travel or go by means of a certain kind of transportation, or a certain route
take	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
take	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
take	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
take	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
take	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
take	v.	experience or feel or submit to
take	v.	make a film or photograph of something
take	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
take	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
take	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
take	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
take	v.	take by force
take	v.	occupy or take on
take	v.	admit into a group or community
take	v.	ascertain or determine by measuring, computing or take a reading from a dial
take	v.	be a student of a certain subject
take	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
take	v.	head into a specified direction
take	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
take	v.	be seized or affected in a specified way
take	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
take	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
take	v.	receive or obtain regularly
take	v.	buy, select
take	v.	to get into a position of having, e.g., safety, comfort
take	v.	have sex with; archaic use
take	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
take	v.	be designed to hold or take
take	v.	be capable of holding or containing
take	v.	develop a habit
take	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
take	v.	obtain by winning
take	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
takeaway	n.	prepared food that is intended to be eaten off of the premises
takeaway	n.	a concession made by a labor union to a company that is trying to lower its expenditures
takeaway	n.	the act of taking the ball or puck away from the team on the offense (as by the interception of a pass)
taken	v.	carry out
taken	v.	require (time or space)
taken	v.	take somebody somewhere
taken	v.	get into one's hands, take physically
taken	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
taken	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
taken	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
taken	v.	take into one's possession
taken	v.	travel or go by means of a certain kind of transportation, or a certain route
taken	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
taken	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
taken	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
taken	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
taken	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
taken	v.	experience or feel or submit to
taken	v.	make a film or photograph of something
taken	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
taken	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
taken	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
taken	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
taken	v.	take by force
taken	v.	occupy or take on
taken	v.	admit into a group or community
taken	v.	ascertain or determine by measuring, computing or take a reading from a dial
taken	v.	be a student of a certain subject
taken	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
taken	v.	head into a specified direction
taken	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
taken	v.	be seized or affected in a specified way
taken	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
taken	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
taken	v.	receive or obtain regularly
taken	v.	buy, select
taken	v.	to get into a position of having, e.g., safety, comfort
taken	v.	have sex with; archaic use
taken	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
taken	v.	be designed to hold or take
taken	v.	be capable of holding or containing
taken	v.	develop a habit
taken	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
taken	v.	obtain by winning
taken	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
taken	adj.	understood in a certain way; made sense of
taken	adj.	be affected with an indisposition
takeoff	n.	a departure; especially of airplanes
takeoff	n.	the initial ascent of an airplane as it becomes airborne
takeoff	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
takeoff	n.	humorous or satirical mimicry
takeout	n.	prepared food that is intended to be eaten off of the premises
takeout	n.	(bridge) a bid that asks your partner to bid another suit
takeout	adj.	of or involving food to be taken and eaten off the premises
takeover	n.	a sudden and decisive change of government illegally or by force
takeover	n.	a change by sale or merger in the controlling interest of a corporation
taker	n.	one who accepts an offer
taker	n.	one who takes a bet or wager
taking	n.	the act of someone who picks up or takes something
taking	v.	carry out
taking	v.	require (time or space)
taking	v.	take somebody somewhere
taking	v.	get into one's hands, take physically
taking	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
taking	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
taking	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
taking	v.	take into one's possession
taking	v.	travel or go by means of a certain kind of transportation, or a certain route
taking	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
taking	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
taking	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
taking	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
taking	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
taking	v.	experience or feel or submit to
taking	v.	make a film or photograph of something
taking	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
taking	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
taking	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
taking	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
taking	v.	take by force
taking	v.	occupy or take on
taking	v.	admit into a group or community
taking	v.	ascertain or determine by measuring, computing or take a reading from a dial
taking	v.	be a student of a certain subject
taking	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
taking	v.	head into a specified direction
taking	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
taking	v.	be seized or affected in a specified way
taking	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
taking	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
taking	v.	receive or obtain regularly
taking	v.	buy, select
taking	v.	to get into a position of having, e.g., safety, comfort
taking	v.	have sex with; archaic use
taking	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
taking	v.	be designed to hold or take
taking	v.	be capable of holding or containing
taking	v.	develop a habit
taking	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
taking	v.	obtain by winning
taking	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
taking	adj.	very attractive; capturing interest
takings	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
takings	n.	the act of someone who picks up or takes something
talbot	n.	English inventor and pioneer in photography who published the first book illustrated with photographs (1800-1877)
talc	n.	a fine grained mineral having a soft soapy feel and consisting of hydrated magnesium silicate; used in a variety of products including talcum powder
talc	v.	apply talcum powder to (one's body)
talcum	n.	a fine grained mineral having a soft soapy feel and consisting of hydrated magnesium silicate; used in a variety of products including talcum powder
talcum	n.	a toilet powder made of purified talc and usually scented; absorbs excess moisture
tale	n.	a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of events; presented in writing or drama or cinema or as a radio or television program
tale	n.	a trivial lie
talebearer	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
talent	n.	natural abilities or qualities
talent	n.	a person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field or activity
talented	adj.	endowed with talent or talents
tali	n.	a sloping mass of loose rocks at the base of a cliff
tali	n.	the bone in the ankle that articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle joint
taliban	n.	a fundamentalist Islamic militia; in 1995 the Taliban militia took over Afghanistan and in 1996 took Kabul and set up an Islamic government
talisman	n.	a trinket or piece of jewelry usually hung about the neck and thought to be a magical protection against evil or disease
talk	n.	an exchange of ideas via conversation
talk	n.	discussion; (`talk about' is a less formal alternative for `discussion of')
talk	n.	the act of giving a talk to an audience
talk	n.	a speech that is open to the public
talk	n.	idle gossip or rumor
talk	v.	exchange thoughts; talk with
talk	v.	express in speech
talk	v.	use language
talk	v.	reveal information
talk	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
talk	v.	deliver a lecture or talk
talkative	adj.	full of trivial conversation
talkative	adj.	unwisely talking too much
talkative	adj.	friendly and open and willing to talk
talkativeness	n.	the quality of being wordy and talkative
talker	n.	someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who delivers a public speech or someone especially garrulous)
talkie	n.	a movie with synchronized speech and singing
talky	adj.	full of trivial conversation
tall	n.	a garment size for a tall person
tall	adj.	great in vertical dimension; high in stature
tall	adj.	lofty in style
tall	adj.	impressively difficult
tall	adj.	too improbable to admit of belief
tallahassee	n.	capital of the state of Florida; located in northern Florida
tallboy	n.	a tall chest of drawers divided into two sections and supported on four legs
tallchief	n.	United States ballerina who promoted American ballet through tours and television appearances (born in 1925)
talleyrand	n.	French statesman (1754-1838)
tallinn	n.	a port city on the Gulf of Finland that is the capital and largest city of Estonia
tallish	adj.	somewhat tall
tallness	n.	the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to the top
tallness	n.	the property of being taller than average stature
tallow	n.	obtained from suet and used in making soap, candles and lubricants
tally	n.	a score in baseball made by a runner touching all four bases safely
tally	n.	a bill for an amount due
tally	n.	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order
tally	v.	be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics
tally	v.	gain points in a game
tally	v.	keep score, as in games
tally	v.	determine the sum of
talmud	n.	the collection of ancient rabbinic writings on Jewish law and tradition (the Mishna and the Gemara) that constitute the basis of religious authority in Orthodox Judaism
talon	n.	a sharp hooked claw especially on a bird of prey
talus	n.	a sloping mass of loose rocks at the base of a cliff
talus	n.	the bone in the ankle that articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle joint
tam	n.	a woolen cap of Scottish origin
tamale	n.	a city in northern Ghana
tamale	n.	corn and cornmeal dough stuffed with a meat mixture then wrapped in corn husks and steamed
tamarack	n.	medium-sized larch of Canada and northern United States including Alaska having a broad conic crown and rust-brown scaly bark
tamarind	n.	long-lived tropical evergreen tree with a spreading crown and feathery evergreen foliage and fragrant flowers yielding hard yellowish wood and long pods with edible chocolate-colored acidic pulp
tamarind	n.	large tropical seed pod with very tangy pulp that is eaten fresh or cooked with rice and fish or preserved for curries and chutneys
tambourine	n.	a shallow drum with a single drumhead and with metallic disks in the sides
tame	v.	correct by punishment or discipline
tame	v.	make less strong or intense; soften
tame	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
tame	v.	overcome the wildness of; make docile and tractable
tame	v.	make fit for cultivation, domestic life, and service to humans
tame	adj.	flat and uninspiring
tame	adj.	very restrained or quiet
tame	adj.	brought from wildness into a domesticated state
tame	adj.	very docile; ; - Langston Hughes
tamed	v.	correct by punishment or discipline
tamed	v.	make less strong or intense; soften
tamed	v.	adapt (a wild plant or unclaimed land) to the environment
tamed	v.	overcome the wildness of; make docile and tractable
tamed	v.	make fit for cultivation, domestic life, and service to humans
tamed	adj.	brought from wildness into a domesticated state
tamed	adj.	brought from wildness
tameness	n.	the quality of being vapid and unsophisticated
tameness	n.	the attribute of having been domesticated
tamer	n.	an animal trainer who tames wild animals
tamer	adj.	flat and uninspiring
tamer	adj.	very restrained or quiet
tamer	adj.	brought from wildness into a domesticated state
tamer	adj.	very docile; ; - Langston Hughes
tamerlane	n.	Mongolian ruler of Samarkand who led his nomadic hordes to conquer an area from Turkey to Mongolia (1336-1405)
tamil	n.	a member of the mixed Dravidian and Caucasian people of southern India and Sri Lanka
tamil	n.	the Dravidian language spoken since prehistoric times by the Tamil in southern India and Sri Lanka
tamil	adj.	of or relating to a speaker of the Tamil language or the language itself
tammany	n.	a political organization within the Democratic Party in New York City (late 1800's and early 1900's) seeking political control by corruption and bossism
tammuz	n.	the tenth month of the civil year; the fourth month of the ecclesiastic year (in June and July)
tammuz	n.	Sumerian and Babylonian god of pastures and vegetation; consort of Inanna
tammy	n.	plain-woven (often glazed) fabric of wool or wool and cotton used especially formerly for linings and garments and curtains
tammy	n.	a woolen cap of Scottish origin
tamoxifen	n.	an antagonist for estrogen that is used in the treatment of breast cancer
tamp	n.	a tool for tamping (e.g., for tamping tobacco into a pipe bowl or a charge into a drill hole etc.)
tamp	v.	press down tightly
tampa	n.	a resort city in western Florida; located on Tampa Bay on the Gulf of Mexico
tampax	n.	tampon used to absorb menstrual flow
tamper	n.	a tool for tamping (e.g., for tamping tobacco into a pipe bowl or a charge into a drill hole etc.)
tamper	v.	play around with or alter or falsify, usually secretively or dishonestly
tamper	v.	intrude in other people's affairs or business; interfere unwantedly
tampon	n.	plug of cotton or other absorbent material; inserted into wound or body cavity to absorb exuded fluids (especially blood)
tampon	v.	plug with a tampon
tan	n.	a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun
tan	n.	a light brown the color of topaz
tan	n.	ratio of the opposite to the adjacent side of a right-angled triangle
tan	v.	treat skins and hides with tannic acid so as to convert them into leather
tan	v.	get a tan, from wind or sun
tan	adj.	of a light yellowish-brown color
tanager	n.	any of numerous New World woodland birds having brightly colored males
tanbark	n.	bark rich in tannin; bruised and cut in pieces to use for tanning; spent tanbark used as a ground covering
tancred	n.	Norman leader in the First Crusade who played an important role in the capture of Jerusalem (1078-1112)
tandem	n.	an arrangement of two or more objects or persons one behind another
tandem	n.	a bicycle with two sets of pedals and two seats
tandem	adv.	one behind the other
taney	n.	United States jurist who served as chief justice of the United States Supreme Court; remembered for his ruling that slaves and their descendants have no rights as citizens (1777-1864)
tang	n.	a tart spicy quality
tang	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 618 to 907
tang	n.	the taste experience when a savoury condiment is taken into the mouth
tang	n.	a common rockweed used in preparing kelp and as manure
tang	n.	brown algae seaweed with serrated edges
tang	n.	any of various coarse seaweeds
tang	n.	any of various kelps especially of the genus Laminaria
tanganyika	n.	the longest lake in the world in central Africa between Tanzania and Congo in the Great Rift Valley
tanganyika	n.	a former state in East Africa; united with Zanzibar in 1964 to form Tanzania
tangelo	n.	hybrid between grapefruit and mandarin orange; cultivated especially in Florida
tangelo	n.	large sweet juicy hybrid between tangerine and grapefruit having a thick wrinkled skin
tangent	n.	a straight line or plane that touches a curve or curved surface at a point but does not intersect it at that point
tangent	n.	ratio of the opposite to the adjacent side of a right-angled triangle
tangential	adj.	of superficial relevance if any
tangential	adj.	of or relating to or acting along or in the direction of a tangent
tangerine	n.	a variety of mandarin orange
tangerine	n.	any of various deep orange mandarins grown in the United States and southern Africa
tangerine	n.	a reddish to vivid orange color
tangerine	adj.	of a strong reddish orange color
tangibility	n.	the quality of being perceivable by touch
tangible	adj.	perceptible by the senses especially the sense of touch
tangible	adj.	capable of being treated as fact
tangible	adj.	(of especially business assets) having physical substance and intrinsic monetary value
tangible	adj.	capable of being perceived; especially capable of being handled or touched or felt
tangibleness	n.	the quality of being perceivable by touch
tangibly	adv.	in a tangible manner
tangier	n.	a city of northern Morocco at the west end of the Strait of Gibraltar
tangier	adj.	tasting sour like a lemon
tangle	n.	a twisted and tangled mass that is highly interwoven
tangle	n.	something jumbled or confused
tangle	v.	force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action
tangle	v.	tangle or complicate
tangle	v.	disarrange or rumple; dishevel
tangle	v.	twist together or entwine into a confusing mass
tango	n.	a ballroom dance of Latin-American origin
tango	n.	music written in duple time for dancing the tango
tango	v.	dance a tango
tangshan	n.	an industrial city of northeastern China in Hebei province
tangy	adj.	tasting sour like a lemon
tank	n.	an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar treads
tank	n.	a large (usually metallic) vessel for holding gases or liquids
tank	n.	as much as a tank will hold
tank	n.	a freight car that transports liquids or gases in bulk
tank	n.	a cell for violent prisoners
tank	v.	store in a tank by causing (something) to flow into it
tank	v.	consume excessive amounts of alcohol
tank	v.	treat in a tank
tankard	n.	large drinking vessel with one handle
tanker	n.	a cargo ship designed to carry crude oil in bulk
tanker	n.	a soldier who drives a tank
tankful	n.	as much as a tank will hold
tanned	v.	treat skins and hides with tannic acid so as to convert them into leather
tanned	v.	get a tan, from wind or sun
tanned	adj.	(of skin) having a tan color from exposure to the sun
tanned	adj.	converted to leather by a tanning agent
tanner	n.	a small coin of the United Kingdom worth six pennies; not minted since 1970
tanner	n.	a craftsman who tans skins and hides
tanner	adj.	of a light yellowish-brown color
tannery	n.	workplace where skins and hides are tanned
tannest	adj.	of a light yellowish-brown color
tannin	n.	any of various complex phenolic substances of plant origin; used in tanning and in medicine
tanning	n.	process in which skin pigmentation darkens as a result of exposure to ultraviolet light
tanning	n.	beating with a whip or strap or rope as a form of punishment
tanning	n.	making leather from rawhide
tanning	v.	treat skins and hides with tannic acid so as to convert them into leather
tanning	v.	get a tan, from wind or sun
tansy	n.	common perennial aromatic herb native to Eurasia having buttonlike yellow flower heads and bitter-tasting pinnate leaves sometimes used medicinally
tantalization	n.	the act of harassing someone playfully or maliciously (especially by ridicule); provoking someone with persistent annoyances
tantalize	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
tantalizer	n.	someone who tantalizes; a tormentor who offers something desirable but keeps it just out of reach
tantalizing	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
tantalizing	adj.	arousing desire or expectation for something unattainable or mockingly out of reach
tantalizing	adj.	very pleasantly inviting
tantalum	n.	a hard grey lustrous metallic element that is highly resistant to corrosion; occurs in niobite and fergusonite and tantalite
tantalus	n.	(Greek mythology) a wicked king and son of Zeus; condemned in Hades to stand in water that receded when he tried to drink and beneath fruit that receded when he reached for it
tantamount	adj.	being essentially equal to something
tantra	n.	any of a fairly recent class of Hindu or Buddhist religious literature concerned with ritual acts of body and speech and mind
tantra	n.	doctrine of enlightenment as the realization of the oneness of one's self and the visible world; combines elements of Hinduism and paganism including magical and mystical elements like mantras and mudras and erotic rites; especially influential in Tibet
tantrum	n.	a display of bad temper
tanzania	n.	a republic in eastern Africa
tanzanian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Tanzania
tanzanian	adj.	of or relating to the republic of Tanzania or its people
tao	n.	an adherent of any branch of Taoism
tao	n.	the ultimate principle of the universe
taoism	n.	a Chinese sect claiming to follow the teaching of Lao-tzu but incorporating pantheism and sorcery in addition to Taoism
taoism	n.	religion adhering to the teaching of Lao-tzu
taoism	n.	popular Chinese philosophical system based in teachings of Lao-tzu but characterized by a pantheism of many gods and the practices of alchemy and divination and magic
taoism	n.	philosophical system developed by Lao-tzu and Chuang-tzu advocating a simple honest life and noninterference with the course of natural events
taoist	n.	an adherent of any branch of Taoism
taoist	adj.	of or relating to the popular Chinese religious system based on the teachings of Lao-tzu but including a pantheon of gods along with divination and magic
taoist	adj.	of or relating to the philosophical system developed by Lao-tzu and Chuang-tzu advocating a simple honest life
tap	n.	the sound made by a gentle blow
tap	n.	a gentle blow
tap	n.	a faucet for drawing water from a pipe or cask
tap	n.	a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dancing)
tap	n.	a tool for cutting female (internal) screw threads
tap	n.	a plug for a bunghole in a cask
tap	n.	the act of tapping a telephone or telegraph line to get information
tap	n.	a light touch or stroke
tap	v.	cut a female screw thread with a tap
tap	v.	draw from or dip into to get something
tap	v.	strike lightly
tap	v.	draw from; make good use of
tap	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
tap	v.	furnish with a tap or spout, so as to be able to draw liquid from it
tap	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
tap	v.	walk with a tapping sound
tap	v.	dance and make rhythmic clicking sounds by means of metal plates nailed to the sole of the dance shoes
tap	v.	draw (liquor) from a tap
tap	v.	pierce in order to draw a liquid from
tap	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
tapas	n.	the thin fibrous bark of the paper mulberry and Pipturus albidus
tapas	n.	a paperlike cloth made in the South Pacific by pounding tapa bark
tape	n.	a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening
tape	n.	a recording made on magnetic tape
tape	n.	the finishing line for a foot race
tape	n.	measuring instrument consisting of a narrow strip (cloth or metal) marked in inches or centimeters and used for measuring lengths
tape	n.	memory device consisting of a long thin plastic strip coated with iron oxide; used to record audio or video signals or to store computer information
tape	v.	fasten or attach with tape
tape	v.	record on videotape
tape	v.	register electronically
tapeline	n.	measuring instrument consisting of a narrow strip (cloth or metal) marked in inches or centimeters and used for measuring lengths
taper	n.	a convex shape that narrows toward a point
taper	n.	the property possessed by a shape that narrows toward a point (as a wedge or cone)
taper	n.	a loosely woven cord (in a candle or oil lamp) that draws fuel by capillary action up into the flame
taper	n.	stick of wax with a wick in the middle
taper	v.	diminish gradually
taper	v.	give a point to
tapestry	n.	something that resembles a tapestry in its complex pictorial designs
tapestry	n.	a heavy textile with a woven design; used for curtains and upholstery
tapestry	n.	a wall hanging of heavy handwoven fabric with pictorial designs
tapeworm	n.	ribbonlike flatworms that are parasitic in the intestines of humans and other vertebrates
tapioca	n.	granular preparation of cassava starch used to thicken especially puddings
tapir	n.	large inoffensive chiefly nocturnal ungulate of tropical America and southeast Asia having a heavy body and fleshy snout
tapped	v.	cut a female screw thread with a tap
tapped	v.	draw from or dip into to get something
tapped	v.	strike lightly
tapped	v.	draw from; make good use of
tapped	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
tapped	v.	furnish with a tap or spout, so as to be able to draw liquid from it
tapped	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
tapped	v.	walk with a tapping sound
tapped	v.	dance and make rhythmic clicking sounds by means of metal plates nailed to the sole of the dance shoes
tapped	v.	draw (liquor) from a tap
tapped	v.	pierce in order to draw a liquid from
tapped	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
tapped	adj.	in a condition for letting out liquid drawn out as by piercing or drawing a plug
tapper	n.	a tavern keeper who taps kegs or casks
tapper	n.	a person who strikes a surface lightly and usually repeatedly
tapper	n.	a worker who uses a tap to cut screw threads
tapper	n.	someone who wiretaps a telephone or telegraph wire
tapper	n.	a dancer who sounds out rhythms by using metal taps on the toes and heels of the shoes
tappet	n.	a lever that is moved in order to tap something else
tapping	n.	the sound of light blow or knock
tapping	v.	cut a female screw thread with a tap
tapping	v.	draw from or dip into to get something
tapping	v.	strike lightly
tapping	v.	draw from; make good use of
tapping	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
tapping	v.	furnish with a tap or spout, so as to be able to draw liquid from it
tapping	v.	make light, repeated taps on a surface
tapping	v.	walk with a tapping sound
tapping	v.	dance and make rhythmic clicking sounds by means of metal plates nailed to the sole of the dance shoes
tapping	v.	draw (liquor) from a tap
tapping	v.	pierce in order to draw a liquid from
tapping	v.	make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently
taproom	n.	a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over a counter
taproot	n.	(botany) main root of a plant growing straight downward from the stem
taproot	n.	something that provides an important central source for growth or development
tar	n.	any of various dark heavy viscid substances obtained as a residue
tar	n.	a man who serves as a sailor
tar	v.	coat with tar
tara	n.	a village in eastern Ireland (northwest of Dublin); seat of Irish kings until 6th century
tarantella	n.	music composed in six-eight time for dancing the tarantella
tarantella	n.	a lively whirling Italian dance for two persons
tarantino	n.	United States filmmaker (born in 1963)
tarantula	n.	large southern European spider once thought to be the cause of tarantism (uncontrollable bodily movement)
tarantula	n.	large hairy tropical spider with fangs that can inflict painful but not highly venomous bites
tarawa	n.	national capital of Kiribati
tarawa	n.	battles in World War II in the Pacific (November 1943); United States Marines took the islands from the Japanese after bitter fighting
tarbell	n.	United States writer remembered for her muckraking investigations into industries in the early 20th century (1857-1944)
tardily	adv.	without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly')
tardily	adv.	later than usual or than expected
tardiness	n.	the quality or habit of not adhering to a correct or usual or expected time
tardy	adj.	after the expected or usual time; delayed
tare	n.	an adjustment made for the weight of the packaging in order to determine the net weight of the goods
tare	n.	any of several weedy vetches grown for forage
tare	n.	weedy annual grass often occurs in grainfields and other cultivated land; seeds sometimes considered poisonous
tare	n.	the weight of a motor vehicle, railroad car, or aircraft without its fuel or cargo
tare	n.	(chemical analysis) a counterweight used in chemical analysis; consists of an empty container that counterbalances the weight of the container holding chemicals
target	n.	a reference point to shoot at
target	n.	a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence
target	n.	the location of the target that is to be hit
target	n.	sports equipment consisting of an object set up for a marksman or archer to aim at
target	n.	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
target	v.	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal
tariff	n.	a government tax on imports or exports
tariff	v.	charge a tariff
tarmac	n.	a paving material of tar and broken stone; mixed in a factory and shaped during paving
tarmac	n.	a paved surface having compressed layers of broken rocks held together with tar
tarmac	v.	surface with macadam
tarmacadam	n.	a paving material of tar and broken stone; mixed in a factory and shaped during paving
tarmacadam	n.	a paved surface having compressed layers of broken rocks held together with tar
tarn	n.	a mountain lake (especially one formed by glaciers)
tarnish	n.	discoloration of metal surface caused by oxidation
tarnish	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
tarnished	v.	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically
taro	n.	edible starchy tuberous root of taro plants
taro	n.	herb of the Pacific islands grown throughout the tropics for its edible root and in temperate areas as an ornamental for its large glossy leaves
taro	n.	tropical starchy tuberous root
tarot	n.	any of a set of (usually 72) cards that include 22 cards representing virtues and vices and death and fortune etc.; used by fortunetellers
tarp	n.	waterproofed canvas
tarpaulin	n.	waterproofed canvas
tarpon	n.	large silvery game fish of warm Atlantic coastal waters especially off Florida
tarragon	n.	aromatic perennial of southeastern Russia
tarragon	n.	fresh leaves (or leaves preserved in vinegar) used as seasoning
tarred	v.	coat with tar
tarring	v.	coat with tar
tarry	v.	be about
tarry	v.	leave slowly and hesitantly
tarry	adj.	having the characteristics of pitch or tar
tarsal	n.	any bone of the tarsus
tarsal	adj.	of or relating to or near the tarsus of the foot
tarsi	n.	the part of the foot of a vertebrate between the metatarsus and the leg; in human beings the bones of the ankle and heel collectively
tarsus	n.	the part of the foot of a vertebrate between the metatarsus and the leg; in human beings the bones of the ankle and heel collectively
tart	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
tart	n.	a small open pie with a fruit filling
tart	n.	a pastry cup with a filling of fruit or custard and no top crust
tart	adj.	tasting sour like a lemon
tart	adj.	harsh
tartan	n.	a cloth having a crisscross design
tartar	n.	a salt used especially in baking powder
tartar	n.	a fiercely vigilant and unpleasant woman
tartar	n.	a member of the Mongolian people of central Asia who invaded Russia in the 13th century
tartar	n.	an incrustation that forms on the teeth and gums
tartaric	adj.	relating to or derived from or resembling tartar
tartary	n.	the vast geographical region of Europe and Asia that was controlled by the Mongols in the 13th and 14th centuries
tartness	n.	the taste experience when vinegar or lemon juice is taken into the mouth
tartness	n.	a sharp sour taste
tartness	n.	a rough and bitter manner
tartuffe	n.	a hypocrite who pretends to religious piety (after the protagonist in a play by Moliere)
tarzan	n.	(sometimes used ironically) a man of great strength and agility (after the hero of a series of novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs)
tarzan	n.	a man raised by apes who was the hero of a series of novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs
tashkent	n.	the capital of Uzbekistan
task	n.	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted
task	n.	a specific piece of work required to be done as a duty or for a specific fee
task	v.	assign a task to
task	v.	use to the limit
taskmaster	n.	someone who imposes hard or continuous work
taskmistress	n.	a woman taskmaster
tasman	n.	Dutch navigator who was the first European to discover Tasmania and New Zealand (1603-1659)
tasmania	n.	an Australian state on the island of Tasmania
tasmania	n.	an island off the southeastern coast of Australia
tasmanian	adj.	of or relating to Tasmania
tassel	n.	adornment consisting of a bunch of cords fastened at one end
taste	n.	the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey information about the chemical composition of a soluble stimulus
taste	n.	a strong liking
taste	n.	delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values)
taste	n.	a brief experience of something
taste	n.	a small amount eaten or drunk
taste	n.	the faculty of distinguishing sweet, sour, bitter, and salty properties in the mouth
taste	n.	a kind of sensing; distinguishing substances by means of the taste buds
taste	v.	have flavor; taste of something
taste	v.	perceive by the sense of taste
taste	v.	take a sample of
taste	v.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste
taste	v.	distinguish flavors
taste	v.	experience briefly
tasted	v.	have flavor; taste of something
tasted	v.	perceive by the sense of taste
tasted	v.	take a sample of
tasted	v.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste
tasted	v.	distinguish flavors
tasted	v.	experience briefly
tasteful	adj.	having or showing or conforming to good taste
tasteful	adj.	free from what is tawdry or unbecoming
tastefulness	n.	elegance indicated by good taste
tasteless	adj.	lacking flavor
tasteless	adj.	lacking aesthetic or social taste
tastelessness	n.	the property of having no flavor
tastelessness	n.	inelegance indicated by a lack of good taste
taster	n.	someone who samples food or drink for its quality
tastily	adv.	in a tasty manner
tastily	adv.	with taste; in a tasteful manner
tastiness	n.	pleasant palatability
tasting	n.	a small amount (especially of food or wine)
tasting	n.	a kind of sensing; distinguishing substances by means of the taste buds
tasting	n.	taking a small amount into the mouth to test its quality
tasting	v.	have flavor; taste of something
tasting	v.	perceive by the sense of taste
tasting	v.	take a sample of
tasting	v.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste
tasting	v.	distinguish flavors
tasting	v.	experience briefly
tasty	adj.	pleasing to the sense of taste
tat	n.	tastelessness by virtue of being cheap and vulgar
tat	n.	a projective technique using black-and-white pictures; subjects tell a story about each picture
tat	v.	make lacework by knotting or looping
tatar	n.	a member of the Mongolian people of central Asia who invaded Russia in the 13th century
tatar	n.	a member of the Turkic-speaking people living from the Volga to the Ural Mountains (the name has been attributed to many other groups)
tatar	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Tatar living from the Volga to the Ural Mountains
tate	n.	United States poet and critic (1899-1979)
tater	n.	an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland
tatted	v.	make lacework by knotting or looping
tatter	n.	a small piece of cloth or paper
tatterdemalion	n.	a dirty shabbily clothed urchin
tatterdemalion	adj.	worn to shreds; or wearing torn or ragged clothing
tatterdemalion	adj.	in deplorable condition
tatting	n.	needlework consisting of handmade lace made by looping and knotting a single thread on a small shuttle
tatting	n.	the act or art of making handmade lace
tatting	v.	make lacework by knotting or looping
tattle	n.	disclosing information or giving evidence about another
tattle	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
tattle	v.	divulge confidential information or secrets
tattler	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
tattler	n.	any of several long-legged shorebirds having a loud whistling cry
tattletale	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
tattoo	n.	a drumbeat or bugle call that signals the military to return to their quarters
tattoo	n.	a design on the skin made by tattooing
tattoo	n.	the practice of making a design on the skin by pricking and staining
tattoo	v.	stain (skin) with indelible color
tatty	adj.	showing signs of wear and tear
tatty	adj.	tastelessly showy
tatum	n.	United States biochemist who discovered how genes act by regulating definite chemical events (1909-1975)
tatum	n.	United States jazz pianist who was almost completely blind; his innovations influenced many other jazz musicians (1910-1956)
tau	n.	the 19th letter of the Greek alphabet
taught	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
taught	v.	accustom gradually to some action or attitude
taunt	n.	aggravation by deriding or mocking or criticizing
taunt	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
taunting	n.	aggravation by deriding or mocking or criticizing
taunting	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
taunting	adj.	abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule
taupe	n.	a greyish brown
taupe	adj.	of something having a dusky brownish grey color
taurus	n.	Venezuelan master terrorist raised by a Marxist-Leninist father; trained and worked with many terrorist groups (born in 1949)
taurus	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Taurus
taurus	n.	a zodiacal constellation in the northern hemisphere near Orion; between Aries and Gemini
taurus	n.	the second sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about April 20 to May 20
taut	adj.	pulled or drawn tight
taut	adj.	subjected to great tension; stretched tight
tauten	v.	become taut or tauter
tauten	v.	make taut or tauter
tautness	n.	the physical condition of being stretched or strained
tautness	n.	lack of movement or room for movement
tautological	adj.	repetition of same sense in different words; ; ; - J.B.Conant
tautology	n.	(logic) a statement that is necessarily true
tautology	n.	useless repetition
tavern	n.	a building with a bar that is licensed to sell alcoholic drinks
tawdrily	adv.	in a tastelessly garish manner
tawdriness	n.	tasteless showiness
tawdry	adj.	tastelessly showy
tawdry	adj.	cheap and shoddy; - Judith Crist
tawney	n.	English economist remembered for his studies of the development of capitalism (1880-1962)
tawny	adj.	of a light brown to brownish orange color; the color of tanned leather
tax	n.	charge against a citizen's person or property or activity for the support of government
tax	v.	levy a tax on
tax	v.	set or determine the amount of (a payment such as a fine)
tax	v.	use to the limit
tax	v.	make a charge against or accuse
taxa	n.	animal or plant group having natural relations
taxation	n.	charge against a citizen's person or property or activity for the support of government
taxation	n.	government income due to taxation
taxation	n.	the imposition of taxes; the practice of the government in levying taxes on the subjects of a state
taxer	n.	a bureaucrat who levies taxes
taxi	n.	a car driven by a person whose job is to take passengers where they want to go in exchange for money
taxi	v.	travel slowly
taxi	v.	ride in a taxicab
taxicab	n.	a car driven by a person whose job is to take passengers where they want to go in exchange for money
taxidermist	n.	a craftsman who stuffs and mounts the skins of animals for display
taxidermy	n.	the art of mounting the skins of animals so that they have lifelike appearance
taximeter	n.	a meter in a taxi that registers the fare (based on the length of the ride)
taxiway	n.	a paved surface in the form of a strip; used by planes taxiing to or from the runway at an airport
taxman	n.	someone who collects taxes for the government
taxmen	n.	someone who collects taxes for the government
taxon	n.	animal or plant group having natural relations
taxonomic	adj.	of or relating to taxonomy
taxonomist	n.	a biologist who specializes in the classification of organisms into groups on the basis of their structure and origin and behavior
taxonomy	n.	a classification of organisms into groups based on similarities of structure or origin etc
taxonomy	n.	(biology) study of the general principles of scientific classification
taxonomy	n.	practice of classifying plants and animals according to their presumed natural relationships
taxpayer	n.	someone who pays taxes
taxpaying	adj.	not exempt from paying taxes
taylor	n.	United States composer and music critic (1885-1966)
taylor	n.	United States film actress (born in England) who was a childhood star; as an adult she often co-starred with Richard Burton (born in 1932)
taylor	n.	12th President of the United States; died in office (1784-1850)
tb	n.	a metallic element of the rare earth group; used in lasers; occurs in apatite and monazite and xenotime and ytterbite
tb	n.	infection transmitted by inhalation or ingestion of tubercle bacilli and manifested in fever and small lesions (usually in the lungs but in various other parts of the body in acute stages)
tb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 gigabits or 10^12 (1,000,000,000,000) bits
tb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 gigabytes or 10^12 (1,000,000,000,000) bytes
tb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 gibibytes or 2^40 (1,099,511,627,776) bytes
tbilisi	n.	the capital and largest city of Georgia on the Kura river
tc	n.	a crystalline metallic element not found in nature; occurs as one of the fission products of uranium
tc	n.	a permanent council of the United Nations that commissions a country (or countries) to undertake the administration of a territory
tchaikovsky	n.	important Russian composer whose works are noted for their expressive melodies (1840-1893)
te	n.	a brittle silver-white metalloid element that is related to selenium and sulfur; it is used in alloys and as a semiconductor; occurs mainly as tellurides in ores of copper and nickel and silver and gold
te	n.	the syllable naming the seventh (subtonic) note of any musical scale in solmization
tea	n.	a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water
tea	n.	a light midafternoon meal of tea and sandwiches or cakes
tea	n.	a tropical evergreen shrub or small tree extensively cultivated in e.g. China and Japan and India; source of tea leaves
tea	n.	a reception or party at which tea is served
tea	n.	dried leaves of the tea shrub; used to make tea
teacake	n.	flat semisweet cookie or biscuit usually served with tea
teacake	n.	any of various small cakes or cookies often served with tea
teach	n.	an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of North America (died in 1718)
teach	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
teach	v.	accustom gradually to some action or attitude
teachable	adj.	ready and willing to be taught
teacher	n.	a person whose occupation is teaching
teacher	n.	a personified abstraction that teaches
teaching	n.	the profession of a teacher
teaching	n.	a doctrine that is taught
teaching	n.	the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill
teaching	v.	impart skills or knowledge to
teaching	v.	accustom gradually to some action or attitude
teacup	n.	as much as a teacup will hold
teacup	n.	a cup from which tea is drunk
teacupful	n.	as much as a teacup will hold
teak	n.	hard strong durable yellowish-brown wood of teak trees; resistant to insects and to warping; used for furniture and in shipbuilding
teak	n.	tall East Indian timber tree now planted in western Africa and tropical America for its hard durable wood
teakettle	n.	kettle for boiling water to make tea
teal	n.	a blue-green color or pigment
teal	n.	any of various small short-necked dabbling river ducks of Europe and America
teal	adj.	of a bluish shade of green
team	n.	a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
team	n.	two or more draft animals that work together to pull something
team	v.	form a team
teammate	n.	a fellow member of a team
teamster	n.	the driver of a team of horses doing hauling
teamster	n.	someone who drives a truck as an occupation
teamwork	n.	cooperative work done by a team (especially when it is effective)
teapot	n.	pot for brewing tea; usually has a spout and handle
tear	n.	a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands
tear	n.	an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart
tear	n.	an occasion for excessive eating or drinking
tear	n.	the act of tearing
tear	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
tear	v.	to separate or be separated by force
tear	v.	move quickly and violently
tear	v.	strip of feathers
tear	v.	fill with tears or shed tears
tearaway	n.	a reckless and impetuous person
tearaway	adj.	characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; ; ; ; ; (`brainish' is archaic)
teardrop	n.	anything shaped like a falling drop (as a pendant gem on an earring)
teardrop	n.	a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands
tearful	adj.	filled with or marked by tears
tearful	adj.	showing sorrow
teargas	n.	a gas that makes the eyes fill with tears but does not damage them; used in dispersing crowds
teargas	v.	attack with teargas; subject to teargas fumes
tearjerker	n.	an excessively sentimental narrative
tearoom	n.	a restaurant where tea and light meals are available
teary	adj.	with eyes full of tears
teasdale	n.	United States poet (1884-1933)
tease	n.	someone given to teasing (as by mocking or stirring curiosity)
tease	n.	a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men
tease	n.	the act of harassing someone playfully or maliciously (especially by ridicule); provoking someone with persistent annoyances
tease	v.	annoy persistently
tease	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
tease	v.	to arouse hope, desire, or curiosity without satisfying them
tease	v.	tear into pieces
tease	v.	raise the nap of (fabrics)
tease	v.	disentangle and raise the fibers of
tease	v.	separate the fibers of
tease	v.	mock or make fun of playfully
tease	v.	ruffle (one's hair) by combing the ends towards the scalp, for a full effect
teasel	n.	any of several herbs of the genus Dipsacus native to the Old World having flower heads surrounded by spiny bracts
teaser	n.	a worker who teases wool
teaser	n.	someone given to teasing (as by mocking or stirring curiosity)
teaser	n.	an advertisement that offers something free in order to arouse customers' interest
teaser	n.	a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution
teaser	n.	an attention-getting opening presented at the start of a television show
teaser	n.	a flat at each side of the stage to prevent the audience from seeing into the wings
teaser	n.	a device for teasing wool
teasing	n.	the act of harassing someone playfully or maliciously (especially by ridicule); provoking someone with persistent annoyances
teasing	n.	playful vexation
teasing	n.	the act of removing tangles from you hair with a comb
teasing	v.	annoy persistently
teasing	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
teasing	v.	to arouse hope, desire, or curiosity without satisfying them
teasing	v.	tear into pieces
teasing	v.	raise the nap of (fabrics)
teasing	v.	disentangle and raise the fibers of
teasing	v.	separate the fibers of
teasing	v.	mock or make fun of playfully
teasing	v.	ruffle (one's hair) by combing the ends towards the scalp, for a full effect
teasing	adj.	playfully vexing (especially by ridicule); - Lawrence Durrell
teasing	adj.	arousing sexual desire without intending to satisfy it
teasing	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
teaspoon	n.	as much as a teaspoon will hold
teaspoon	n.	a small spoon used for stirring tea or coffee; holds about one fluid dram
teaspoonful	n.	as much as a teaspoon will hold
teat	n.	the small projection of a mammary gland
teatime	n.	a light midafternoon meal of tea and sandwiches or cakes
tech	n.	a school teaching mechanical and industrial arts and the applied sciences
techie	n.	a technician who is highly proficient and enthusiastic about some technical field (especially computing)
technetium	n.	a crystalline metallic element not found in nature; occurs as one of the fission products of uranium
technical	n.	a pickup truck with a gun mounted on it
technical	n.	(basketball) a foul that can be assessed on a player or a coach or a team for unsportsmanlike conduct; does not usually involve physical contact during play
technical	adj.	of or relating to technique or proficiency in a practical skill
technical	adj.	characterizing or showing skill in or specialized knowledge of applied arts and sciences
technical	adj.	of or relating to a practical subject that is organized according to scientific principles
technical	adj.	of or relating to or requiring special knowledge to be understood
technical	adj.	resulting from or dependent on market factors rather than fundamental economic considerations
technicality	n.	a detail that is considered insignificant
technician	n.	someone whose occupation involves training in a specific technical process
technician	n.	someone known for high skill in some intellectual or artistic technique
technicolor	n.	a trademarked method of making color motion pictures
technique	n.	a practical method or art applied to some particular task
technique	n.	skillfulness in the command of fundamentals deriving from practice and familiarity
techno	n.	a style of fast heavy electronic dance music usually without vocals
technobabble	n.	technical jargon from computing and other high-tech subjects
technocracy	n.	a form of government in which scientists and technical experts are in control
technocrat	n.	an expert who is a member of a highly skilled elite group
technocrat	n.	an advocate of technocracy
technological	adj.	based in scientific and industrial progress
technological	adj.	of or relating to a practical subject that is organized according to scientific principles
technologist	n.	a person who uses scientific knowledge to solve practical problems
technology	n.	the practical application of science to commerce or industry
technology	n.	the discipline dealing with the art or science of applying scientific knowledge to practical problems
technophobe	n.	a person who dislikes or avoids new technology
techs	n.	a school teaching mechanical and industrial arts and the applied sciences
tectonic	adj.	pertaining to the structure or movement of the earth's crust
tectonic	adj.	of or pertaining to construction or architecture
tectonics	n.	the science of architecture
tectonics	n.	the branch of geology studying the folding and faulting of the earth's crust
tecumseh	n.	a famous chief of the Shawnee who tried to unite Indian tribes against the increasing white settlement (1768-1813)
ted	n.	a tough youth of 1950's and 1960's wearing Edwardian style clothes
teddy	n.	plaything consisting of a child's toy bear (usually plush and stuffed with soft materials)
teddy	n.	a woman's sleeveless undergarment
tedious	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
tedious	adj.	using or containing too many words
tediousness	n.	dullness owing to length or slowness
tedium	n.	the feeling of being bored by something tedious
tedium	n.	dullness owing to length or slowness
tee	n.	the starting place for each hole on a golf course
tee	n.	support holding a football on end and above the ground preparatory to the kickoff
tee	n.	a short peg put into the ground to hold a golf ball off the ground
tee	v.	place on a tee
tee	v.	connect with a tee
teeing	v.	place on a tee
teeing	v.	connect with a tee
teem	v.	be teeming, be abuzz
teem	v.	move in large numbers
teen	n.	a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity
teen	adj.	being of the age 13 through 19
teenage	adj.	being of the age 13 through 19
teenager	n.	a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity
teeny	adj.	(used informally) very small
teeter	n.	a plaything consisting of a board balanced on a fulcrum; the board is ridden up and down by children at either end
teeter	v.	move unsteadily, with a rocking motion
teethe	v.	grow teeth; cut the baby teeth
teething	n.	the eruption through the gums of baby teeth
teething	v.	grow teeth; cut the baby teeth
teetotal	v.	practice teetotalism and abstain from the consumption of alcoholic beverages
teetotal	adj.	practicing complete abstinence from alcoholic beverages
teetotaler	n.	a total abstainer
teetotalism	n.	abstaining from alcohol
teflon	n.	a material used to coat cooking utensils and in industrial applications where sticking is to be avoided
tegucigalpa	n.	the capital and largest city of Honduras
tehran	n.	the capital and largest city of Iran; located in northern Iran
tektite	n.	thought to derive from meteorites
telecast	n.	a television broadcast
telecast	v.	broadcast via television
telecaster	n.	a television broadcaster
telecommunication	n.	(often plural) systems used in transmitting messages over a distance electronically
telecommunication	n.	(often plural) the branch of electrical engineering concerned with the technology of electronic communication at a distance
telecommunications	n.	(often plural) systems used in transmitting messages over a distance electronically
telecommunications	n.	(often plural) the branch of electrical engineering concerned with the technology of electronic communication at a distance
telecommuting	n.	employment at home while communicating with the workplace by phone or fax or modem
teleconference	n.	a conference of people who are in different locations that is made possible by the use of such telecommunications equipment as closed-circuit television
teleconferencing	n.	a conference of people who are in different locations that is made possible by the use of such telecommunications equipment as closed-circuit television
telegram	n.	a message transmitted by telegraph
telegraph	n.	apparatus used to communicate at a distance over a wire (usually in Morse code)
telegraph	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
telegrapher	n.	someone who transmits messages by telegraph
telegraphese	n.	language characterized by terseness and ellipsis as in telegrams
telegraphic	adj.	of or relating to or transmitted by telegraph
telegraphic	adj.	having the style of a telegram with many short words left out
telegraphically	adv.	in a short and concise manner
telegraphist	n.	someone who transmits messages by telegraph
telegraphs	n.	apparatus used to communicate at a distance over a wire (usually in Morse code)
telegraphs	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
telegraphy	n.	communicating at a distance by electric transmission over wire
telegraphy	n.	apparatus used to communicate at a distance over a wire (usually in Morse code)
telekinesis	n.	the power to move something by thinking about it without the application of physical force
telemann	n.	German baroque composer (1681-1767)
telemarketing	n.	the use of the telephone as an interactive medium for promotion and sales
telemeter	n.	any scientific instrument for observing events at a distance and transmitting the information back to the observer
telemetry	n.	automatic transmission and measurement of data from remote sources by wire or radio or other means
teleological	adj.	of or relating to teleology
teleology	n.	(philosophy) a doctrine explaining phenomena by their ends or purposes
telepathic	adj.	communicating without apparent physical signals
telepathy	n.	apparent communication from one mind to another without using sensory perceptions
telephone	n.	electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can be transmitted over distances and then converts received signals back into sounds
telephone	n.	transmitting speech at a distance
telephone	v.	get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone
telephoner	n.	the person initiating a telephone call
telephonic	adj.	of or relating to telephony
telephonist	n.	someone who helps callers get the person they are calling
telephony	n.	transmitting speech at a distance
telephoto	n.	a photograph made with a telephoto lens
telephotography	n.	transmission and reproduction of photographs and charts and pictures over a distance
telephotography	n.	photography using a telephoto lens
teleport	v.	transport by dematerializing at one point and assembling at another
teleportation	n.	a hypothetical mode of instantaneous transportation; matter is dematerialized at one place and recreated at another
teleprinter	n.	a character printer connected to a telegraph that operates like a typewriter
teleprocessing	n.	data processing in which some of the functions are performed in different places and connected by transmission facilities
teleprompter	n.	a prompter for television performers
telescope	n.	a magnifier of images of distant objects
telescope	v.	crush together or collapse
telescope	v.	make smaller or shorter
telescopic	adj.	visible only with a telescope
telescopic	adj.	capable of discerning distant objects
telescopic	adj.	having parts that slide one within another
telescopically	adv.	in a telescopic manner
teletypewriter	n.	a character printer connected to a telegraph that operates like a typewriter
televangelism	n.	evangelism at a distance by the use of television
televangelist	n.	an evangelist who conducts services on television
televise	v.	broadcast via television
television	n.	broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects; ;  - Ernie Kovacs
television	n.	a telecommunication system that transmits images of objects (stationary or moving) between distant points
television	n.	an electronic device that receives television signals and displays them on a screen
teleworking	n.	employment at home while communicating with the workplace by phone or fax or modem
telex	n.	a character printer connected to a telegraph that operates like a typewriter
telex	v.	communicate by telex
tell	n.	a Swiss patriot who lived in the early 14th century and who was renowned for his skill as an archer; according to legend an Austrian governor compelled him to shoot an apple from his son's head with his crossbow (which he did successfully without mishap)
tell	v.	express in words
tell	v.	let something be known
tell	v.	narrate or give a detailed account of
tell	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
tell	v.	discern or comprehend
tell	v.	inform positively and with certainty and confidence
tell	v.	give evidence
tell	v.	mark as different
teller	n.	United States physicist (born in Hungary) who worked on the first atom bomb and the first hydrogen bomb (1908-2003)
teller	n.	an official appointed to count the votes (especially in legislative assembly)
teller	n.	an employee of a bank who receives and pays out money
teller	n.	someone who tells a story
telling	n.	an act of narration
telling	n.	informing by words
telling	n.	disclosing information or giving evidence about another
telling	v.	express in words
telling	v.	let something be known
telling	v.	narrate or give a detailed account of
telling	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
telling	v.	discern or comprehend
telling	v.	inform positively and with certainty and confidence
telling	v.	give evidence
telling	v.	mark as different
telling	adj.	disclosing unintentionally
telling	adj.	powerfully persuasive
telling	adj.	producing a strong effect
telltale	n.	someone who gossips indiscreetly
telltale	adj.	disclosing unintentionally
tellurium	n.	a brittle silver-white metalloid element that is related to selenium and sulfur; it is used in alloys and as a semiconductor; occurs mainly as tellurides in ores of copper and nickel and silver and gold
telly	n.	an electronic device that receives television signals and displays them on a screen
telugu	n.	a member of the people in southeastern India (Andhra Pradesh) who speak the Telugu language
telugu	n.	a Dravidian language spoken by the Telugu in southeastern India
temblor	n.	shaking and vibration at the surface of the earth resulting from underground movement along a fault plane of from volcanic activity
temerity	n.	fearless daring
temp	n.	a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis
temper	n.	a sudden outburst of anger
temper	n.	a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling
temper	n.	a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger
temper	n.	the elasticity and hardness of a metal object; its ability to absorb considerable energy before cracking
temper	v.	bring to a desired consistency, texture, or hardness by a process of gradually heating and cooling
temper	v.	harden by reheating and cooling in oil
temper	v.	adjust the pitch (of pianos)
temper	v.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate
temper	v.	restrain
tempera	n.	pigment mixed with water-soluble glutinous materials such as size and egg yolk
temperament	n.	your usual mood
temperament	n.	excessive emotionalism or irritability and excitability (especially when displayed openly)
temperament	n.	an adjustment of the intervals (as in tuning a keyboard instrument) so that the scale can be used to play in different keys
temperamental	adj.	relating to or caused by temperament
temperamental	adj.	subject to sharply varying moods
temperamental	adj.	likely to perform unpredictably; ; ; - Osbert Lancaster
temperance	n.	the trait of avoiding excesses
temperance	n.	abstaining from excess
temperance	n.	the act of tempering
temperate	adj.	(of weather or climate) free from extremes; mild; or characteristic of such weather or climate
temperate	adj.	not extreme in behavior
temperate	adj.	not extreme
temperateness	n.	moderate weather; suitable for outdoor activities
temperateness	n.	exhibiting restraint imposed on the self
temperature	n.	the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment (corresponding to its molecular activity)
temperature	n.	the somatic sensation of cold or heat
tempest	n.	a violent commotion or disturbance
tempest	n.	(literary) a violent wind
tempestuous	adj.	characterized by violent emotions or behavior
tempestuous	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
tempestuousness	n.	a state of wild storminess
tempestuousness	n.	a state of agitation or turbulent change or development
templar	n.	a knight of a religious military order established in 1118 to protect pilgrims and the Holy Sepulcher
template	n.	a model or standard for making comparisons
temple	n.	place of worship consisting of an edifice for the worship of a deity
temple	n.	the flat area on either side of the forehead
temple	n.	an edifice devoted to special or exalted purposes
temple	n.	(Judaism) the place of worship for a Jewish congregation
tempo	n.	(music) the speed at which a composition is to be played
tempo	n.	the rate of some repeating event
temporal	n.	the semantic role of the noun phrase that designates the time of the state or action denoted by the verb
temporal	adj.	not eternal; - F.D.Roosevelt
temporal	adj.	of or relating to or limited by time
temporal	adj.	of or relating to the temples (the sides of the skull behind the orbit)
temporal	adj.	characteristic of or devoted to the temporal world as opposed to the spiritual world
temporal	adj.	of this earth or world
temporarily	adv.	for a limited time only; not permanently
temporariness	n.	the property of lasting only a short time
temporary	n.	a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis
temporary	adj.	not permanent; not lasting; - James Thurber
temporary	adj.	lacking continuity or regularity
temporize	v.	draw out a discussion or process in order to gain time
temporizer	n.	someone who temporizes; someone who tries to gain time or who waits for a favorable time
tempt	v.	dispose or incline or entice to
tempt	v.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion
tempt	v.	give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting
tempt	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
tempt	v.	try to seduce
tempt	v.	try presumptuously
temptation	n.	something that seduces or has the quality to seduce
temptation	n.	the desire to have or do something that you know you should avoid
temptation	n.	the act of influencing by exciting hope or desire
tempter	n.	a person who tempts others
tempting	v.	dispose or incline or entice to
tempting	v.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion
tempting	v.	give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting
tempting	v.	induce into action by using one's charm
tempting	v.	try to seduce
tempting	v.	try presumptuously
tempting	adj.	highly attractive and able to arouse hope or desire
tempting	adj.	very pleasantly inviting
temptress	n.	a woman who is considered to be dangerously seductive
tempura	n.	vegetables and seafood dipped in batter and deep-fried
ten	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system
ten	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck with ten pips on the face
ten	adj.	being one more than nine
tenability	n.	the quality of being plausible or acceptable to a reasonable person
tenable	adj.	based on sound reasoning or evidence
tenacious	adj.	good at remembering
tenacious	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
tenacious	adj.	sticking together
tenaciousness	n.	persistent determination
tenacity	n.	persistent determination
tenancy	n.	an act of being a tenant or occupant
tenant	n.	someone who pays rent to use land or a building or a car that is owned by someone else
tenant	n.	a holder of buildings or lands by any kind of title (as ownership or lease)
tenant	n.	any occupant who dwells in a place
tenant	v.	occupy as a tenant
tenanted	v.	occupy as a tenant
tenanted	adj.	resided in; having tenants
tenantry	n.	tenants of an estate considered as a group
tench	n.	freshwater dace-like game fish of Europe and western Asia noted for ability to survive outside water
tend	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
tend	v.	have care of or look after
tend	v.	manage or run
tended	v.	have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined
tended	v.	have care of or look after
tended	v.	manage or run
tendency	n.	an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others
tendency	n.	an inclination to do something
tendency	n.	a characteristic likelihood of or natural disposition toward a certain condition or character or effect
tendency	n.	a general direction in which something tends to move
tendentious	adj.	having or marked by a strong tendency especially a controversial one
tendentiousness	n.	an intentional and controversial bias
tender	n.	something that can be used as an official medium of payment
tender	n.	someone who waits on or tends to or attends to the needs of another
tender	n.	a formal proposal to buy at a specified price
tender	n.	car attached to a locomotive to carry fuel and water
tender	n.	a boat for communication between ship and shore
tender	n.	ship that usually provides supplies to other ships
tender	v.	offer or present for acceptance
tender	v.	propose a payment
tender	v.	make a tender of; in legal settlements
tender	v.	make tender or more tender as by marinating, pounding, or applying a tenderizer
tender	adj.	given to sympathy or gentleness or sentimentality
tender	adj.	hurting
tender	adj.	young and immature
tender	adj.	having or displaying warmth or affection
tender	adj.	easy to cut or chew
tender	adj.	physically untoughened
tender	adj.	(used of boats) inclined to heel over easily under sail
tender	adj.	(of plants) not hardy; easily killed by adverse growing condition
tenderfoot	n.	an inexperienced person (especially someone inexperienced in outdoor living)
tenderhearted	adj.	easily moved to love
tenderhearted	adj.	easily moved by another's distress; - W.M.Thackeray
tenderheartedness	n.	warm compassionate feelings
tenderize	v.	make tender or more tender as by marinating, pounding, or applying a tenderizer
tenderizer	n.	a substance (as the plant enzyme papain) applied to meat to make it tender
tenderloin	n.	a city district known for its vice and high crime rate
tenderloin	n.	the tender meat of the loin muscle on each side of the vertebral column
tenderness	n.	a tendency to express warm and affectionate feeling
tenderness	n.	a pain that is felt (as when the area is touched)
tenderness	n.	warm compassionate feelings
tenderness	n.	a positive feeling of liking
tenderness	n.	a feeling of concern for the welfare of someone (especially someone defenseless)
tendinitis	n.	inflammation of a tendon
tendon	n.	a cord or band of inelastic tissue connecting a muscle with its bony attachment
tendril	n.	slender stem-like structure by which some twining plants attach themselves to an object for support
tenement	n.	a run-down apartment house barely meeting minimal standards
tenet	n.	a religious doctrine that is proclaimed as true without proof
tenfold	adj.	containing ten or ten parts
tenfold	adv.	by ten times as much
tenner	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system
tenner	n.	a United States bill worth 10 dollars
tennessean	n.	a native or resident of Tennessee
tennessee	n.	a state in east central United States
tennessee	n.	a river formed by the confluence of two other rivers near Knoxville; it follows a U-shaped course to become a tributary of the Ohio River in western Kentucky
tennis	n.	a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and forth over a net that divides the court
tennyson	n.	Englishman and Victorian poet (1809-1892)
tenon	n.	a projection at the end of a piece of wood that is shaped to fit into a mortise and form a mortise joint
tenor	n.	the adult male singing voice above baritone
tenor	n.	the pitch range of the highest male voice
tenor	n.	an adult male with a tenor voice
tenor	n.	a settled or prevailing or habitual course of a person's life
tenor	n.	the general meaning or substance of an utterance
tenor	adj.	(of a musical instrument) intermediate between alto and baritone or bass
tenor	adj.	of or close in range to the highest natural adult male voice
tenpin	n.	one of the bottle-shaped pins used in bowling
tenpins	n.	bowling down an alley at a target of ten wooden pins
tenpins	n.	one of the bottle-shaped pins used in bowling
tense	n.	a grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of time
tense	v.	become stretched or tense or taut
tense	v.	increase the tension on
tense	v.	become tense, nervous, or uneasy
tense	v.	cause to be tense and uneasy or nervous or anxious
tense	adj.	in or of a state of physical or nervous tension
tense	adj.	pronounced with relatively tense tongue muscles (e.g., the vowel sound in `beat')
tense	adj.	taut or rigid; stretched tight
tenseness	n.	the physical condition of being stretched or strained
tenseness	n.	(psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense
tensile	adj.	of or relating to tension
tensile	adj.	capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out
tension	n.	(psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense
tension	n.	the physical condition of being stretched or strained
tension	n.	a balance between and interplay of opposing elements or tendencies (especially in art or literature)
tension	n.	(physics) a stress that produces an elongation of an elastic physical body
tension	n.	feelings of hostility that are not manifest
tension	n.	the action of stretching something tight
tensity	n.	the physical condition of being stretched or strained
tensor	n.	a generalization of the concept of a vector
tensor	n.	any of several muscles that cause an attached structure to become tense or firm
tent	n.	a portable shelter (usually of canvas stretched over supporting poles and fastened to the ground with ropes and pegs)
tent	n.	a web that resembles a tent or carpet
tent	v.	live in or as if in a tent
tentacle	n.	something that acts like a tentacle in its ability to grasp and hold
tentacle	n.	any of various elongated tactile or prehensile flexible organs that occur on the head or near the mouth in many animals; used for feeling or grasping or locomotion
tentative	adj.	under terms not final or fully worked out or agreed upon
tentative	adj.	unsettled in mind or opinion
tenterhook	n.	one of a series of hooks used to hold cloth on a tenter
tenth	n.	a tenth part; one part in ten equal parts
tenth	n.	position ten in a countable series of things
tenth	adj.	coming next after the ninth and just before the eleventh in position
tenths	n.	a tenth part; one part in ten equal parts
tenths	n.	position ten in a countable series of things
tenuity	n.	relatively small dimension through an object as opposed to its length or width
tenuity	n.	a rarified quality
tenuity	n.	the quality of lacking intensity or substance; - Nathaniel Hawthorne
tenuous	adj.	having thin consistency
tenuous	adj.	very thin in gauge or diameter
tenuous	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
tenure	n.	the term during which some position is held
tenure	n.	the right to hold property; part of an ancient hierarchical system of holding lands
tenure	v.	give life-time employment to
tepee	n.	a Native American tent; usually of conical shape
tepid	adj.	moderately warm
tepid	adj.	feeling or showing little interest or enthusiasm
tepidity	n.	a warmness resembling the temperature of the skin
tepidness	n.	a warmness resembling the temperature of the skin
tepidness	n.	lack of passion, force or animation
tequila	n.	Mexican liquor made from fermented juices of an agave plant
terabit	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 gigabits or 10^12 (1,000,000,000,000) bits
terabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 gigabytes or 10^12 (1,000,000,000,000) bytes
terabyte	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 gibibytes or 2^40 (1,099,511,627,776) bytes
terahertz	n.	one trillion periods per second
terbium	n.	a metallic element of the rare earth group; used in lasers; occurs in apatite and monazite and xenotime and ytterbite
tercentenary	n.	the 300th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
tercentennial	n.	the 300th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
terence	n.	dramatist of ancient Rome (born in Greece) whose comedies were based on works by Menander (190?-159 BC)
teresa	n.	Indian nun and missionary in the Roman Catholic Church (born of Albanian parents in what is now Macedonia); dedicated to helping the poor in India (1910-1997)
tereshkova	n.	Soviet cosmonaut who was the first woman in space (born in 1937)
teriyaki	n.	beef or chicken or seafood marinated in spicy soy sauce and grilled or broiled
term	n.	a word or expression used for some particular thing
term	n.	a limited period of time
term	n.	(usually plural) a statement of what is required as part of an agreement
term	n.	any distinct quantity contained in a polynomial
term	n.	one of the substantive phrases in a logical proposition
term	n.	the end of gestation or point at which birth is imminent
term	n.	(architecture) a statue or a human bust or an animal carved out of the top of a square pillar; originally used as a boundary marker in ancient Rome
term	v.	name formally or designate with a term
termagant	n.	a scolding nagging bad-tempered woman
terminable	adj.	capable of being terminated after a designated time
terminal	n.	station where transport vehicles load or unload passengers or goods
terminal	n.	a contact on an electrical device (such as a battery) at which electric current enters or leaves
terminal	n.	either extremity of something that has length
terminal	n.	electronic equipment consisting of a device providing access to a computer; has a keyboard and display
terminal	adj.	of or relating to or situated at the ends of a delivery route
terminal	adj.	relating to or occurring in a term or fixed period of time
terminal	adj.	being or situated at an end
terminal	adj.	occurring at or forming an end or termination
terminal	adj.	causing or ending in or approaching death
terminate	v.	bring to an end or halt
terminate	v.	have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical
terminate	v.	be the end of; be the last or concluding part of
terminate	v.	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
termination	n.	a coming to an end of a contract period
termination	n.	a place where something ends or is complete
termination	n.	something that results
termination	n.	the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme)
termination	n.	the act of ending something
terminator	n.	someone who exterminates (especially someone whose occupation is the extermination of troublesome rodents and insects)
termini	n.	a place where something ends or is complete
termini	n.	the ultimate goal for which something is done
termini	n.	(architecture) a statue or a human bust or an animal carved out of the top of a square pillar; originally used as a boundary marker in ancient Rome
termini	n.	either end of a railroad or bus route
termini	n.	station where transport vehicles load or unload passengers or goods
terminological	adj.	of or concerning terminology
terminology	n.	a system of words used to name things in a particular discipline
terminus	n.	a place where something ends or is complete
terminus	n.	the ultimate goal for which something is done
terminus	n.	(architecture) a statue or a human bust or an animal carved out of the top of a square pillar; originally used as a boundary marker in ancient Rome
terminus	n.	either end of a railroad or bus route
terminus	n.	station where transport vehicles load or unload passengers or goods
termite	n.	whitish soft-bodied ant-like social insect that feeds on wood
tern	n.	small slender gull having narrow wings and a forked tail
ternary	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
ternary	adj.	having three units or components or elements
terpsichore	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of the dance and of choral song
terpsichore	n.	taking a series of rhythmical steps (and movements) in time to music
terrace	n.	usually paved outdoor area adjoining a residence
terrace	n.	a level shelf of land interrupting a declivity (with steep slopes above and below)
terrace	n.	a row of houses built in a similar style and having common dividing walls (or the street on which they face)
terrace	v.	provide (a house) with a terrace
terrace	v.	make into terraces as for cultivation
terrain	n.	a piece of ground having specific characteristics or military potential
terrapin	n.	any of various edible North American web-footed turtles living in fresh or brackish water
terrarium	n.	a vivarium in which selected living plants are kept and observed
terrestrial	adj.	of or relating to or inhabiting the land as opposed to the sea or air
terrestrial	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the planet Earth or its inhabitants; - L.C.Eiseley
terrestrial	adj.	operating or living or growing on land
terrestrial	adj.	concerned with the world or worldly matters
terrestrial	adj.	of this earth
terrible	adj.	causing fear or dread or terror
terrible	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
terrible	adj.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality
terrible	adj.	extreme in degree or extent or amount or impact
terribleness	n.	a quality of extreme unpleasantness
terribly	adv.	used as intensifiers
terribly	adv.	in a terrible manner
terrier	n.	any of several usually small short-bodied breeds originally trained to hunt animals living underground
terrific	adj.	very great or intense
terrific	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
terrific	adj.	causing extreme terror
terrifically	adv.	(used as an intensifier) extremely well
terrify	v.	fill with terror; frighten greatly
terrifying	v.	fill with terror; frighten greatly
terrifying	adj.	causing extreme terror
terrine	n.	a pate or fancy meatloaf baked in an earthenware casserole
territorial	n.	nonprofessional soldier member of a territorial military unit
territorial	n.	a territorial military unit
territorial	adj.	of or relating to a territory
territorial	adj.	displaying territoriality; defending a territory from intruders
territorial	adj.	belonging to the territory of any state or ruler
territoriality	n.	the behavior of a male animal that defines and defends its territory
territory	n.	a region marked off for administrative or other purposes
territory	n.	an area of knowledge or interest
territory	n.	the geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign state
terror	n.	an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety
terror	n.	a person who inspires fear or dread
terror	n.	a very troublesome child
terror	n.	the use of extreme fear in order to coerce people (especially for political reasons)
terrorism	n.	the calculated use of violence (or the threat of violence) against civilians in order to attain goals that are political or religious or ideological in nature; this is done through intimidation or coercion or instilling fear
terrorist	n.	a radical who employs terror as a political weapon; usually organizes with other terrorists in small cells; often uses religion as a cover for terrorist activities
terrorize	v.	coerce by violence or with threats
terrorize	v.	fill with terror; frighten greatly
terry	n.	English actress (1847-1928)
terry	n.	a pile fabric (usually cotton) with uncut loops on both sides; used to make bath towels and bath robes
terrycloth	n.	a pile fabric (usually cotton) with uncut loops on both sides; used to make bath towels and bath robes
terse	adj.	brief and to the point; effectively cut short
terseness	n.	a neatly short and concise expressive style
tertiary	n.	from 63 million to 2 million years ago
tertiary	adj.	coming next after the second and just before the fourth in position
tesla	n.	a unit of magnetic flux density equal to one weber per square meter
tesla	n.	United States electrical engineer and inventor (born in Croatia but of Serbian descent) who discovered the principles of alternating currents and developed the first alternating-current induction motor and the Tesla coil and several forms of oscillators (1856-1943)
tessellate	v.	fit together exactly, of identical shapes
tessellate	v.	tile with tesserae
tessellation	n.	the careful juxtaposition of shapes in a pattern
tessellation	n.	the act of adorning with mosaic
test	n.	trying something to find out about it
test	n.	any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory or intelligence or aptitude or personality etc
test	n.	a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
test	n.	the act of undergoing testing
test	n.	the act of testing something
test	n.	a hard outer covering as of some amoebas and sea urchins
test	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
test	v.	test or examine for the presence of disease or infection
test	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
test	v.	show a certain characteristic when tested
test	v.	achieve a certain score or rating on a test
test	v.	determine the presence or properties of (a substance)
test	v.	undergo a test
testament	n.	a profession of belief
testament	n.	a legal document declaring a person's wishes regarding the disposal of their property when they die
testament	n.	strong evidence for something
testament	n.	either of the two main parts of the Christian Bible
testamentary	adj.	of or relating to a will or testament or bequeathed by a will or testament
testate	n.	a person who makes a will
testate	adj.	having made a legally valid will before death
testator	n.	a person who makes a will
testatrix	n.	a female testator
tested	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
tested	v.	test or examine for the presence of disease or infection
tested	v.	examine someone's knowledge of something
tested	v.	show a certain characteristic when tested
tested	v.	achieve a certain score or rating on a test
tested	v.	determine the presence or properties of (a substance)
tested	v.	undergo a test
tested	adj.	tested and proved useful or correct
tested	adj.	tested and proved to be reliable
tester	n.	someone who administers a test to determine your qualifications
tester	n.	a flat canopy (especially one over a four-poster bed)
testes	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
testicle	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
testicular	adj.	of or involving the testes
testifier	n.	a person who testifies or gives a deposition
testify	v.	give testimony in a court of law
testify	v.	provide evidence for
testily	adv.	in a petulant manner
testimonial	n.	something that serves as evidence
testimonial	n.	something given or done as an expression of esteem
testimonial	n.	something that recommends (or expresses commendation of) a person or thing as worthy or desirable
testimonial	adj.	expressing admiration or appreciation
testimonial	adj.	of or relating to or constituting testimony
testimony	n.	a solemn statement made under oath
testimony	n.	an assertion offering firsthand authentication of a fact
testimony	n.	something that serves as evidence
testiness	n.	feeling easily irritated
testings	n.	the act of subjecting to experimental test in order to determine how well something works
testings	n.	an examination of the characteristics of something
testings	n.	the act of giving students or candidates a test (as by questions) to determine what they know or have learned
testis	n.	one of the two male reproductive glands that produce spermatozoa and secrete androgens
testosterone	n.	a potent androgenic hormone produced chiefly by the testes; responsible for the development of male secondary sex characteristics
testy	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
tet	n.	the New Year in Vietnam; observed for three days after the first full moon after January 20th
tetanus	n.	an acute and serious infection of the central nervous system caused by bacterial infection of open wounds; spasms of the jaw and laryngeal muscles may occur during the late stages
tetanus	n.	a sustained muscular contraction resulting from a rapid series of nerve impulses
tetchily	adv.	in an ill-natured and tetchy manner
tetchy	adj.	easily irritated or annoyed
tether	n.	restraint consisting of a rope (or light chain) used to restrain an animal
tether	v.	tie with a tether
tethys	n.	(Greek mythology) a Titaness and sea goddess; wife of Oceanus
tethys	n.	type genus of the family Aplysiidae
tetons	n.	a member of the large western branch of Sioux people which was made up of several groups that lived on the plains
tetra	n.	brightly colored tropical freshwater fishes
tetracycline	n.	an antibiotic (trade name Achromycin) derived from microorganisms of the genus Streptomyces and used broadly to treat infections
tetrahedron	n.	any polyhedron having four plane faces
tetrameter	n.	a verse line having four metrical feet
teuton	n.	someone (especially a German) who speaks a Germanic language
teuton	n.	a member of the ancient Germanic people who migrated from Jutland to southern Gaul and were annihilated by the Romans
teutonic	adj.	of or pertaining to the ancient Teutons or their languages
tevet	n.	the fourth month of the civil year; the tenth month of the ecclesiastical year (in December and January)
texan	n.	a native or resident of Texas
texan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Texas or its residents
texarkana	n.	a town in northeast Texas adjacent to Texarkana, Arkansas
texarkana	n.	a town in southwest Arkansas on the Texas border adjacent to Texarkana, Texas
texas	n.	the second largest state; located in southwestern United States on the Gulf of Mexico
text	n.	the words of something written
text	n.	a passage from the Bible that is used as the subject of a sermon
text	n.	a book prepared for use in schools or colleges
text	n.	the main body of a written work (as distinct from illustrations or footnotes etc.)
textbook	n.	a book prepared for use in schools or colleges
textbook	adj.	according to or characteristic of a casebook or textbook; typical
textile	n.	artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synthetic fibers
textile	adj.	of or relating to fabrics or fabric making
textual	adj.	of or relating to or based on a text
texture	n.	the feel of a surface or a fabric
texture	n.	the essential quality of something
texture	n.	the musical pattern created by parts being played or sung together
texture	n.	the characteristic appearance of a surface having a tactile quality
texture	n.	the physical composition of something (especially with respect to the size and shape of the small constituents of a substance)
th	n.	the fifth day of the week; the fourth working day
th	n.	a soft silvery-white tetravalent radioactive metallic element; isotope 232 is used as a power source in nuclear reactors; occurs in thorite and in monazite sands
thackeray	n.	English writer (born in India) (1811-1863)
thai	n.	a native or inhabitant of Thailand
thai	n.	a branch of the Tai languages
thai	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Thailand or its people
thai	adj.	of or relating to the languages of the Thai people
thai	adj.	of or relating to Thailand
thailand	n.	a country of southeastern Asia that extends southward along the Isthmus of Kra to the Malay Peninsula
thalami	n.	large egg-shaped structures of grey matter that form the dorsal subdivision of the diencephalon
thalamus	n.	large egg-shaped structures of grey matter that form the dorsal subdivision of the diencephalon
thales	n.	a presocratic Greek philosopher and astronomer (who predicted an eclipse in 585 BC) who was said by Aristotle to be the founder of physical science; he held that all things originated in water (624-546 BC)
thalia	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of comedy and pastoral poetry
thalia	n.	(Greek mythology) one of the three Graces
thalidomide	n.	a sedative and hypnotic drug; withdrawn from sale after discovered to cause severe birth defects because it inhibits angiogenesis
thallium	n.	a soft grey malleable metallic element that resembles tin but discolors on exposure to air; it is highly toxic and is used in rodent and insect poisons; occurs in zinc blende and some iron ores
thames	n.	the longest river in England; flows eastward through London to the North Sea
thane	n.	a feudal lord or baron
thane	n.	a man ranking above an ordinary freeman and below a noble in Anglo-Saxon England (especially one who gave military service in exchange for land)
thank	v.	express gratitude or show appreciation to
thankful	adj.	feeling or showing gratitude
thankfulness	n.	warm friendly feelings of gratitude
thankless	adj.	not feeling or showing gratitude; ; - Shakespeare
thankless	adj.	not likely to be rewarded
thanksgiving	n.	fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in Canada; commemorates a feast held in 1621 by the Pilgrims and the Wampanoag
thanksgiving	n.	a short prayer of thanks before a meal
tharp	n.	innovative United States dancer and choreographer (born in 1941)
thatch	n.	hair resembling thatched roofing material
thatch	n.	plant stalks used as roofing material
thatch	n.	an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of North America (died in 1718)
thatch	n.	a house roof made with a plant material (as straw)
thatch	v.	cover with thatch
thatcher	n.	British stateswoman; first woman to serve as Prime Minister (born in 1925)
thatcher	n.	someone skilled in making a roof from plant stalks or foliage
thatching	v.	cover with thatch
thaw	n.	the process whereby heat changes something from a solid to a liquid
thaw	n.	warm weather following a freeze; snow and ice melt
thaw	n.	a relaxation or slackening of tensions or reserve; becoming less hostile
thaw	v.	become or cause to become soft or liquid
thc	n.	psychoactive substance present in marijuana
thea	n.	(Greek mythology) the Titaness who was mother of Helios and Selene and Eos in ancient mythology
theater	n.	a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be presented
theater	n.	the art of writing and producing plays
theater	n.	a region in which active military operations are in progress
theatergoer	n.	someone who attends the theater
theatrical	n.	a performance of a play
theatrical	adj.	of or relating to the theater
theatrical	adj.	suited to or characteristic of the stage or theater
theatricality	n.	an artificial and mannered quality
theatricals	n.	a performance of a play
thebes	n.	an ancient Egyptian city on the Nile River that flourished from the 22nd century BC to the 18th century BC; today the archeological remains include many splendid temples and tombs
thebes	n.	an ancient Greek city in Boeotia destroyed by Alexander the Great in 336 BC
thebes	n.	100 thebe equal 1 pula in Botswana
theft	n.	the act of taking something from someone unlawfully
theism	n.	the doctrine or belief in the existence of a God or gods
theist	n.	one who believes in the existence of a god or gods
theist	adj.	of or relating to theism
theistic	adj.	of or relating to theism
thematic	adj.	relating to or constituting a topic of discourse
thematic	adj.	of or relating to a melodic subject
thematically	adv.	with regard to thematic content
theme	n.	the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
theme	n.	a unifying idea that is a recurrent element in literary or artistic work
theme	n.	(music) melodic subject of a musical composition
theme	n.	an essay (especially one written as an assignment)
theme	n.	(linguistics) the form of a word after all affixes are removed
theme	v.	provide with a particular theme or motive
themistocles	n.	Athenian statesman who persuaded Athens to build a navy and then led it to victory over the Persians (527-460 BC)
then	n.	that time; that moment
then	adj.	at a specific prior time
then	adv.	subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)
then	adv.	in that case or as a consequence
then	adv.	at that time
thence	adv.	from that place or from there
thence	adv.	from that circumstance or source; - W.V.Quine
thence	adv.	(used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
thenceforth	adv.	from that time on
theocracy	n.	a political unit governed by a deity (or by officials thought to be divinely guided)
theocracy	n.	the belief in government by divine guidance
theocratic	adj.	of or relating to or being a theocracy
theodolite	n.	a surveying instrument for measuring horizontal and vertical angles, consisting of a small telescope mounted on a tripod
theodosius	n.	the last emperor of a united Roman Empire, he took control of the eastern empire and ended the war with the Visigoths; he became a Christian and in 391 banned all forms of pagan worship (346-395)
theologian	n.	someone who is learned in theology or who speculates about theology
theological	adj.	of or relating to or concerning theology
theology	n.	the rational and systematic study of religion and its influences and of the nature of religious truth
theology	n.	a particular system or school of religious beliefs and teachings
theology	n.	the learned profession acquired by specialized courses in religion (usually taught at a college or seminary)
theorem	n.	a proposition deducible from basic postulates
theorem	n.	an idea accepted as a demonstrable truth
theoretic	adj.	concerned primarily with theories or hypotheses rather than practical considerations
theoretical	adj.	concerned primarily with theories or hypotheses rather than practical considerations
theoretical	adj.	concerned with theories rather than their practical applications
theoretician	n.	someone who theorizes (especially in science or art)
theorist	n.	someone who theorizes (especially in science or art)
theorize	v.	to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
theorize	v.	construct a theory about
theorize	v.	form or construct theories
theory	n.	a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world; an organized system of accepted knowledge that applies in a variety of circumstances to explain a specific set of phenomena
theory	n.	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
theory	n.	a belief that can guide behavior
theosophical	adj.	of or relating to theosophy
theosophist	n.	a believer in theosophy
theosophy	n.	a system of belief based on mystical insight into the nature of God and the soul
therapeutic	n.	a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain
therapeutic	adj.	tending to cure or restore to health
therapeutic	adj.	relating to or involved in therapy
therapeutically	adv.	for therapeutic purposes
therapeutics	n.	branch of medicine concerned with the treatment of disease
therapeutics	n.	a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain
therapist	n.	a person skilled in a particular type of therapy
therapy	n.	(medicine) the act of caring for someone (as by medication or remedial training etc.)
theravada	n.	one of two great schools of Buddhist doctrine emphasizing personal salvation through your own efforts; a conservative form of Buddhism that adheres to Pali scriptures and the non-theistic ideal of self purification to nirvana; the dominant religion of Sri Lanka (Ceylon) and Myanmar (Burma) and Thailand and Laos and Cambodia
there	n.	a location other than here; that place
there	adv.	in or at that place
there	adv.	in that matter
there	adv.	to or toward that place; away from the speaker
thereabout	adv.	near that time or date
thereabout	adv.	near that place
thereafter	adv.	from that time on
thereby	adv.	by that means or because of that
therefor	adv.	(in formal usage, especially legal usage) for that or for it
therefore	adv.	(used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
therefore	adv.	as a consequence
therefrom	adv.	from that circumstance or source; - W.V.Quine
therefrom	adv.	from that place or from there
therein	adv.	(formal) in or into that thing or place
theremin	n.	an electronic musical instrument; melodies can be played by moving the right hand between two rods that serve as antennas to control pitch; the left hand controls phrasing
thereof	adv.	of or concerning this or that
thereof	adv.	from that circumstance or source; - W.V.Quine
thereon	adv.	on that
theresa	n.	Indian nun and missionary in the Roman Catholic Church (born of Albanian parents in what is now Macedonia); dedicated to helping the poor in India (1910-1997)
thereto	adv.	to that
theretofore	adv.	up to that time
thereunder	adv.	under that
therewith	adv.	with that or this or it; - Phil.4:11
therm	n.	a unit of heat equal to 100,000 British thermal units
thermal	n.	rising current of warm air
thermal	adj.	relating to or associated with heat
thermal	adj.	of or relating to a hot spring
thermal	adj.	caused by or designed to retain heat
thermionic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of thermions
thermodynamic	adj.	of or concerned with thermodynamics
thermodynamics	n.	the branch of physics concerned with the conversion of different forms of energy
thermometer	n.	measuring instrument for measuring temperature
thermometric	adj.	of or relating to thermometry
thermonuclear	adj.	using nuclear weapons based on fusion as distinguished from fission
thermoplastic	n.	a material that softens when heated and hardens again when cooled
thermoplastic	adj.	having the property of softening or fusing when heated and of hardening and becoming rigid again when cooled
thermopylae	n.	a famous battle in 480 BC; a Greek army under Leonidas was annihilated by the Persians who were trying to conquer Greece
thermos	n.	vacuum flask that preserves temperature of hot or cold drinks
thermostat	n.	a regulator for automatically regulating temperature by starting or stopping the supply of heat
thermostat	v.	control the temperature with a thermostat
thermostatic	adj.	of or relating to a thermostat
thermostatically	adv.	by thermostat; in a thermostatic manner
thesauri	n.	a book containing a classified list of synonyms
thesaurus	n.	a book containing a classified list of synonyms
theseus	n.	(Greek mythology) a hero and king of Athens who was noted for his many great deeds: killed Procrustes and the Minotaur and defeated the Amazons and united Attica
thesis	n.	an unproved statement put forward as a premise in an argument
thesis	n.	a treatise advancing a new point of view resulting from research; usually a requirement for an advanced academic degree
thespian	n.	a theatrical performer
thespian	adj.	of or relating to drama
thespis	n.	Greek poet who is said to have originated Greek tragedy (sixth century BC)
thessalonian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Thessalonica
thessaloniki	n.	a port city in northeastern Greece on an inlet of the Aegean Sea; second largest city of Greece
thessaly	n.	a fertile plain on the Aegean Sea in east central Greece; Thessaly was a former region of ancient Greece
theta	n.	the 8th letter of the Greek alphabet
thiamine	n.	a B vitamin that prevents beriberi; maintains appetite and growth
thick	n.	the location of something surrounded by other things
thick	adj.	not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surface to the opposite usually in the smallest of the three solid dimensions
thick	adj.	having component parts closely crowded together
thick	adj.	relatively dense in consistency
thick	adj.	spoken as if with a thick tongue
thick	adj.	having a short and solid form or stature
thick	adj.	hard to pass through because of dense growth
thick	adj.	(of darkness) very intense
thick	adj.	(used informally) associated on close terms
thick	adj.	(used informally) stupid
thick	adj.	abounding; having a lot of
thick	adv.	with a thick consistency
thick	adv.	in quick succession
thicken	v.	make thick or thicker
thicken	v.	become thick or thicker
thicken	v.	make viscous or dense
thickener	n.	any material used to thicken
thickening	n.	any material used to thicken
thickening	n.	any thickened enlargement
thickening	n.	the act of thickening
thickening	v.	make thick or thicker
thickening	v.	become thick or thicker
thickening	v.	make viscous or dense
thickening	adj.	accumulating and becoming more intense
thickening	adj.	becoming more intricate or complex
thicket	n.	a dense growth of bushes
thickheaded	adj.	(used informally) stupid
thickness	n.	the dimension through an object as opposed to its length or width
thickness	n.	indistinct articulation
thickness	n.	used of a line or mark
thickness	n.	resistance to flow
thickset	adj.	having a short and solid form or stature
thickset	adj.	planted or growing close together
thief	n.	a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with the intention of keeping it or selling it
thieve	v.	take by theft
thievery	n.	the act of taking something from someone unlawfully
thieving	n.	the act of taking something from someone unlawfully
thieving	v.	take by theft
thieving	adj.	given to thievery
thievish	adj.	given to thievery
thigh	n.	the part of the leg between the hip and the knee
thigh	n.	the upper joint of the leg of a fowl
thighbone	n.	the longest and thickest bone of the human skeleton; extends from the pelvis to the knee
thighs	n.	the part of the leg between the hip and the knee
thighs	n.	the upper joint of the leg of a fowl
thimble	n.	as much as a thimble will hold
thimble	n.	a small metal cap to protect the finger while sewing; can be used as a small container
thimbleful	n.	as much as a thimble will hold
thin	v.	lose thickness; become thin or thinner
thin	v.	make thin or thinner
thin	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
thin	v.	take off weight
thin	adj.	of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section
thin	adj.	lacking excess flesh; ; -Shakespeare
thin	adj.	very narrow
thin	adj.	not dense
thin	adj.	relatively thin in consistency or low in density; not viscous
thin	adj.	(of sound) lacking resonance or volume
thin	adj.	lacking spirit or sincere effort
thin	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
thin	adv.	without viscosity
thing	n.	a special situation
thing	n.	an action
thing	n.	a special abstraction
thing	n.	an artifact
thing	n.	an event
thing	n.	a vaguely specified concern
thing	n.	a statement regarded as an object
thing	n.	an entity that is not named specifically
thing	n.	any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence
thing	n.	a special objective
thing	n.	a persistent illogical feeling of desire or aversion
thing	n.	a separate and self-contained entity
thingamabob	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
thingamajig	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
thingumabob	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
thingummy	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
think	n.	an instance of deliberate thinking
think	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
think	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
think	v.	use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments
think	v.	recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
think	v.	imagine or visualize
think	v.	focus one's attention on a certain state
think	v.	have in mind as a purpose
think	v.	decide by pondering, reasoning, or reflecting
think	v.	ponder; reflect on, or reason about
think	v.	dispose the mind in a certain way
think	v.	have or formulate in the mind
think	v.	be capable of conscious thought
think	v.	bring into a given condition by mental preoccupation
thinkable	adj.	capable of being conceived or imagined or considered
thinker	n.	an important intellectual
thinker	n.	someone who exercises the mind (usually in an effort to reach a decision)
thinned	v.	lose thickness; become thin or thinner
thinned	v.	make thin or thinner
thinned	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
thinned	v.	take off weight
thinned	adj.	mixed with water
thinner	n.	a diluting agent
thinner	adj.	of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section
thinner	adj.	lacking excess flesh; ; -Shakespeare
thinner	adj.	very narrow
thinner	adj.	not dense
thinner	adj.	relatively thin in consistency or low in density; not viscous
thinner	adj.	(of sound) lacking resonance or volume
thinner	adj.	lacking spirit or sincere effort
thinner	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
thinness	n.	relatively small dimension through an object as opposed to its length or width
thinness	n.	the property of having little body fat
thinness	n.	the property of being very narrow or thin
thinness	n.	the property of being scanty or scattered; lacking denseness
thinness	n.	a consistency of low viscosity
thinnest	adj.	of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section
thinnest	adj.	lacking excess flesh; ; -Shakespeare
thinnest	adj.	very narrow
thinnest	adj.	not dense
thinnest	adj.	relatively thin in consistency or low in density; not viscous
thinnest	adj.	(of sound) lacking resonance or volume
thinnest	adj.	lacking spirit or sincere effort
thinnest	adj.	lacking substance or significance; ; ; ; a fragile claim to fame"
thinning	n.	the act of diluting something
thinning	v.	lose thickness; become thin or thinner
thinning	v.	make thin or thinner
thinning	v.	lessen the strength or flavor of a solution or mixture
thinning	v.	take off weight
third	n.	one of three equal parts of a divisible whole
third	n.	the fielding position of the player on a baseball team who is stationed near the third of the bases in the infield (counting counterclockwise from home plate)
third	n.	following the second position in an ordering or series
third	n.	the musical interval between one note and another three notes away from it
third	n.	the third from the lowest forward ratio gear in the gear box of a motor vehicle
third	n.	the base that must be touched third by a base runner in baseball
third	adj.	coming next after the second and just before the fourth in position
third	adv.	in the third place
thirst	n.	a physiological need to drink
thirst	n.	strong desire for something (not food or drink)
thirst	v.	feel the need to drink
thirst	v.	have a craving, appetite, or great desire for
thirstily	adv.	in a thirsty manner
thirstily	adv.	with eagerness; in an eager manner
thirstiness	n.	a deficiency of moisture (especially when resulting from a permanent absence of rainfall)
thirstiness	n.	a physiological need to drink
thirstiness	n.	strong desire for something (not food or drink)
thirsty	adj.	needing moisture
thirsty	adj.	feeling a need or desire to drink
thirsty	adj.	(usually followed by `for') extremely desirous
thirsty	adj.	able to take in large quantities of moisture
thirteen	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twelve and one
thirteen	adj.	being one more than twelve
thirteenth	n.	position 13 in a countable series of things
thirteenth	adj.	coming next after the twelfth in position
thirteenths	n.	position 13 in a countable series of things
thirtieth	n.	position 30 in a countable series of things
thirtieth	adj.	coming next after the twenty-ninth in position
thirtieths	n.	position 30 in a countable series of things
thirty	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three
thirty	adj.	being ten more than twenty
thistle	n.	any of numerous plants of the family Compositae and especially of the genera Carduus and Cirsium and Onopordum having prickly-edged leaves
thistledown	n.	pappus of a thistle consisting of silky featherlike hairs attached to the seed-like fruit of a thistle
thither	adv.	to or toward that place; away from the speaker
tho	n.	a branch of the Tai languages
thole	n.	a holder attached to the gunwale of a boat that holds the oar in place and acts as a fulcrum for rowing
thomas	n.	United States clockmaker who introduced mass production (1785-1859)
thomas	n.	United States socialist who was a candidate for president six times (1884-1968)
thomas	n.	a radio broadcast journalist during World War I and World War II noted for his nightly new broadcast (1892-1981)
thomas	n.	Welsh poet (1914-1953)
thomas	n.	the Apostle who would not believe the resurrection of Jesus until he saw Jesus with his own eyes
thomism	n.	the comprehensive theological doctrine created by Saint Thomas Aquinas in the 13th century and still taught by the Dominicans
thompson	n.	United States classical archaeologist (born in Canada) noted for leading the excavation of the Athenian agora (1906-2000)
thompson	n.	English physicist (born in America) who studied heat and friction; experiments convinced him that heat is caused by moving particles (1753-1814)
thomson	n.	United States composer who collaborated with Gertrude Stein (1896-1989)
thomson	n.	United States electrical engineer (born in England) who in 1892 formed a company with Thomas Edison (1853-1937)
thomson	n.	English physicist (son of Joseph John Thomson) who was a co-discoverer of the diffraction of electrons by crystals (1892-1975)
thomson	n.	English physicist who experimented with the conduction of electricity through gases and who discovered the electron and determined its charge and mass (1856-1940)
thong	n.	leather strip that forms the flexible part of a whip
thong	n.	underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight pants
thong	n.	a thin strip of leather; often used to lash things together
thong	n.	minimal clothing worn by stripteasers; a narrow strip of fabric that covers the pubic area, passes between the thighs, and is supported by a waistband
thong	n.	a backless sandal held to the foot by a thong between the big toe and the second toe
thor	n.	(Norse mythology) god of thunder and rain and farming; pictured as wielding a hammer emblematic of the thunderbolt; identified with Teutonic Donar
thoracic	adj.	of or relating to the chest or thorax
thorax	n.	the middle region of the body of an arthropod between the head and the abdomen
thorax	n.	the part of the human torso between the neck and the diaphragm or the corresponding part in other vertebrates
thorax	n.	part of an insect's body that bears the wings and legs
thorazine	n.	a drug (trade name Thorazine) derived from phenothiazine that has antipsychotic effects and is used as a sedative and tranquilizer
thoreau	n.	United States writer and social critic (1817-1862)
thorium	n.	a soft silvery-white tetravalent radioactive metallic element; isotope 232 is used as a power source in nuclear reactors; occurs in thorite and in monazite sands
thorn	n.	something that causes irritation and annoyance
thorn	n.	a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf
thorn	n.	a Germanic character of runic origin
thorniness	n.	the quality of being covered with prickly thorns or spines
thorniness	n.	a rough and bitter manner
thornton	n.	American architect (1759-1828)
thorny	adj.	bristling with perplexities
thorny	adj.	having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns or setae etc.
thorough	adj.	painstakingly careful and accurate
thorough	adj.	performed comprehensively and completely
thoroughbred	n.	a well-bred person
thoroughbred	n.	a racehorse belonging to a breed that originated from a cross between Arabian stallions and English mares
thoroughbred	n.	a pedigreed animal of unmixed lineage; used especially of horses
thoroughbred	adj.	having a list of ancestors as proof of being a purebred animal
thoroughfare	n.	a public road from one place to another
thoroughgoing	adj.	performed comprehensively and completely
thoroughgoing	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
thoroughness	n.	conscientiousness in performing all aspects of a task
thorpe	n.	outstanding United States athlete (1888-1953)
thoth	n.	Egyptian Moon deity with the head of an ibis; god of wisdom and learning and the arts; scribe of the gods
thou	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
though	adv.	(postpositive) however
thought	n.	the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about
thought	n.	the process of using your mind to consider something carefully
thought	n.	the organized beliefs of a period or group or individual
thought	n.	a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
thought	v.	judge or regard; look upon; judge
thought	v.	expect, believe, or suppose
thought	v.	use or exercise the mind or one's power of reason in order to make inferences, decisions, or arrive at a solution or judgments
thought	v.	recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
thought	v.	imagine or visualize
thought	v.	focus one's attention on a certain state
thought	v.	have in mind as a purpose
thought	v.	decide by pondering, reasoning, or reflecting
thought	v.	ponder; reflect on, or reason about
thought	v.	dispose the mind in a certain way
thought	v.	have or formulate in the mind
thought	v.	be capable of conscious thought
thought	v.	bring into a given condition by mental preoccupation
thoughtful	adj.	having intellectual depth
thoughtful	adj.	exhibiting or characterized by careful thought
thoughtful	adj.	acting with or showing thought and good sense
thoughtful	adj.	taking heed; giving close and thoughtful attention
thoughtful	adj.	considerate of the feelings or well-being of others
thoughtfulness	n.	a calm, lengthy, intent consideration
thoughtfulness	n.	kind and considerate regard for others
thoughtfulness	n.	the trait of thinking carefully before acting
thoughtfulness	n.	a considerate and thoughtful act
thoughtless	adj.	showing lack of careful thought
thoughtless	adj.	without care or thought for others
thoughtlessness	n.	the quality of failing to be considerate of others
thoughtlessness	n.	the trait of not thinking carefully before acting
thousand	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
thousand	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000 items or units
thousandth	n.	position 1,000 in a countable series of things
thousandth	n.	one part in a thousand equal parts
thousandth	adj.	the ordinal number of one thousand in counting order
thousandths	n.	position 1,000 in a countable series of things
thousandths	n.	one part in a thousand equal parts
thrace	n.	an ancient country and wine producing region in the east of the Balkan Peninsula to the north of the Aegean Sea; colonized by ancient Greeks; later a Roman province; now divided between Bulgaria and Greece and Turkey
thracian	n.	an inhabitant of ancient Thrace
thracian	n.	a Thraco-Phrygian language spoken by the ancient people of Thrace but extinct by the early Middle Ages
thracian	adj.	of or relating to Thrace or its people or culture
thrall	n.	the state of being under the control of another person
thrall	n.	someone held in bondage
thralldom	n.	the state of being under the control of another person
thrash	n.	a swimming kick used while treading water
thrash	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
thrash	v.	move or stir about violently
thrash	v.	dance the slam dance
thrash	v.	beat so fast that (the heart's) output starts dropping until (it) does not manage to pump out blood at all
thrash	v.	move data into and out of core rather than performing useful computation
thrash	v.	beat the seeds out of a grain
thrash	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
thrasher	n.	a farm machine for separating seeds or grain from the husks and straw
thrasher	n.	thrush-like American songbird able to mimic other birdsongs
thrasher	n.	large pelagic shark of warm seas with a whiplike tail used to round up small fish on which to feed
thrashing	n.	a sound defeat
thrashing	n.	the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows
thrashing	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
thrashing	v.	move or stir about violently
thrashing	v.	dance the slam dance
thrashing	v.	beat so fast that (the heart's) output starts dropping until (it) does not manage to pump out blood at all
thrashing	v.	move data into and out of core rather than performing useful computation
thrashing	v.	beat the seeds out of a grain
thrashing	v.	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight
thread	n.	a fine cord of twisted fibers (of cotton or silk or wool or nylon etc.) used in sewing and weaving
thread	n.	any long object resembling a thin line
thread	n.	the connections that link the various parts of an event or argument together
thread	n.	the raised helical rib going around a screw
thread	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
thread	v.	pass a thread through
thread	v.	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string
thread	v.	pass through or into
thread	v.	thread on or as if on a string
threadbare	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
threadbare	adj.	having the nap worn away so that the threads show through
threader	n.	a blunt needle for threading ribbon through loops
threadlike	adj.	thin in diameter; resembling a thread
thready	adj.	forming viscous or glutinous threads
thready	adj.	thin in diameter; resembling a thread
threat	n.	something that is a source of danger
threat	n.	a warning that something unpleasant is imminent
threat	n.	declaration of an intention or a determination to inflict harm on another
threat	n.	a person who inspires fear or dread
threaten	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
threaten	v.	to utter intentions of injury or punishment against:
threaten	v.	to be a menacing indication of something:
threatening	v.	pose a threat to; present a danger to
threatening	v.	to utter intentions of injury or punishment against:
threatening	v.	to be a menacing indication of something:
threatening	adj.	threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments
threatening	adj.	darkened by clouds
three	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
three	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck having three pips
three	adj.	being one more than two
threefold	adj.	three times as great or many
threefold	adj.	having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; ; - R.W.Emerson; -Frederick Harrison
threefold	adv.	by a factor of three
threepence	n.	former cupronickel coin of the United Kingdom equal to three pennies
threescore	n.	a set with 3 times 20 members
threescore	adj.	being ten more than fifty
threesome	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
threesome	n.	three people considered as a unit
threnody	n.	a song or hymn of mourning composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person
thresh	v.	move or stir about violently
thresh	v.	move like a flail; thresh about
thresh	v.	beat the seeds out of a grain
thresh	v.	give a thrashing to; beat hard
thresher	n.	a farm machine for separating seeds or grain from the husks and straw
thresher	n.	large pelagic shark of warm seas with a whiplike tail used to round up small fish on which to feed
threshold	n.	the starting point for a new state or experience
threshold	n.	the smallest detectable sensation
threshold	n.	the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close
threshold	n.	the sill of a door; a horizontal piece of wood or stone that forms the bottom of a doorway and offers support when passing through a doorway
threshold	n.	a region marking a boundary
threw	v.	propel through the air
threw	v.	move violently, energetically, or carelessly
threw	v.	get rid of
threw	v.	place or put with great energy
threw	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
threw	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
threw	v.	put or send forth
threw	v.	to put into a state or activity hastily, suddenly, or carelessly
threw	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
threw	v.	utter with force; utter vehemently
threw	v.	organize or be responsible for
threw	v.	make on a potter's wheel
threw	v.	cause to fall off
threw	v.	throw (a die) out onto a flat surface
threw	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
thrice	adv.	three times
thrift	n.	any of numerous sun-loving low-growing evergreens of the genus Armeria having round heads of pink or white flowers
thrift	n.	extreme care in spending money; reluctance to spend money unnecessarily
thriftily	adv.	in a thrifty manner
thriftiness	n.	frugality in the expenditure of money or resources
thriftless	adj.	careless of the future
thrifty	adj.	careful and diligent in the use of resources
thrifty	adj.	mindful of the future in spending money
thrill	n.	the swift release of a store of affective force
thrill	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
thrill	n.	something that causes you to experience a sudden intense feeling or sensation
thrill	v.	cause to be thrilled by some perceptual input
thrill	v.	feel sudden intense sensation or emotion
thrill	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
thrill	v.	fill with sublime emotion
thriller	n.	a suspenseful adventure story or play or movie
thrilling	v.	cause to be thrilled by some perceptual input
thrilling	v.	feel sudden intense sensation or emotion
thrilling	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
thrilling	v.	fill with sublime emotion
thrilling	adj.	causing a surge of emotion or excitement
thrilling	adj.	causing quivering or shivering as by cold or fear or electric shock
thrive	v.	grow vigorously
thrive	v.	make steady progress; be at the high point in one's career or reach a high point in historical significance or importance
throat	n.	the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the chin and above the collarbone
throat	n.	an opening in the vamp of a shoe at the instep
throat	n.	a passage resembling a throat in shape or function
throat	n.	the part of an animal's body that corresponds to a person's throat
throaty	adj.	sounding as if pronounced low in the throat
throb	n.	a deep pulsating type of pain
throb	n.	an instance of rapid strong pulsation (of the heart)
throb	v.	pulsate or pound with abnormal force
throb	v.	expand and contract rhythmically; beat rhythmically
throb	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
throbbed	v.	pulsate or pound with abnormal force
throbbed	v.	expand and contract rhythmically; beat rhythmically
throbbed	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
throbbing	n.	an instance of rapid strong pulsation (of the heart)
throbbing	n.	a sound with a strong rhythmic beat
throbbing	v.	pulsate or pound with abnormal force
throbbing	v.	expand and contract rhythmically; beat rhythmically
throbbing	v.	tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement
throbbing	adj.	pounding or beating strongly or violently
throe	n.	severe spasm of pain
throe	n.	hard or painful trouble or struggle
thrombi	n.	a blood clot formed within a blood vessel and remaining attached to its place of origin
thrombolytic	n.	a kind of pharmaceutical that can break up clots blocking the flow of blood to the heart muscle
thromboses	v.	become blocked by a thrombus
thrombosis	n.	the formation or presence of a thrombus (a clot of coagulated blood attached at the site of its formation) in a blood vessel
thrombus	n.	a blood clot formed within a blood vessel and remaining attached to its place of origin
throne	n.	the chair of state for a monarch, bishop, etc.
throne	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
throne	n.	the position and power of an exalted person (a sovereign or bishop) who is entitled to sit in a chair of state on ceremonial occasions
throne	v.	sit on the throne as a ruler
throne	v.	put a monarch on the throne
throng	n.	a large gathering of people
throng	v.	press tightly together or cram
throttle	n.	a valve that regulates the supply of fuel to the engine
throttle	n.	a pedal that controls the throttle valve
throttle	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
throttle	v.	kill by squeezing the throat of so as to cut off the air
throttle	v.	reduce the air supply
throttler	n.	someone who kills by strangling
through	adj.	having finished or arrived at completion
through	adj.	(of a route or journey etc.) continuing without requiring stops or changes
through	adv.	from beginning to end
through	adv.	over the whole distance
through	adv.	to completion
through	adv.	in diameter
through	adv.	throughout the entire extent
throughout	adv.	from first to last
throughout	adv.	used to refer to cited works
throughput	n.	output relative to input; the amount passing through a system from input to output (especially of a computer program over a period of time)
throw	n.	the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm and wrist)
throw	n.	a single chance or instance
throw	n.	the maximum movement available to a pivoted or reciprocating piece by a cam
throw	n.	bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something
throw	n.	casting an object in order to determine an outcome randomly
throw	v.	propel through the air
throw	v.	move violently, energetically, or carelessly
throw	v.	get rid of
throw	v.	place or put with great energy
throw	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
throw	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
throw	v.	put or send forth
throw	v.	to put into a state or activity hastily, suddenly, or carelessly
throw	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
throw	v.	utter with force; utter vehemently
throw	v.	organize or be responsible for
throw	v.	make on a potter's wheel
throw	v.	cause to fall off
throw	v.	throw (a die) out onto a flat surface
throw	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
throwaway	n.	(sometimes offensive) a homeless boy who has been abandoned and roams the streets
throwaway	n.	an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution
throwaway	n.	words spoken in a casual way with conscious under-emphasis
throwaway	adj.	thrown away
throwaway	adj.	intended to be thrown away after use
throwback	n.	an organism that has the characteristics of a more primitive type of that organism
throwback	n.	a reappearance of an earlier characteristic
throwback	adj.	characteristic of an atavist
thrower	n.	a person who twists silk or rayon filaments into a thread or yarn
thrower	n.	someone who projects something (especially by a rapid motion of the arm)
thrower	n.	a craftsman who shapes pottery on a potter's wheel and bakes them it a kiln
thrown	v.	propel through the air
thrown	v.	move violently, energetically, or carelessly
thrown	v.	get rid of
thrown	v.	place or put with great energy
thrown	v.	convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture
thrown	v.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation
thrown	v.	put or send forth
thrown	v.	to put into a state or activity hastily, suddenly, or carelessly
thrown	v.	cause to be confused emotionally
thrown	v.	utter with force; utter vehemently
thrown	v.	organize or be responsible for
thrown	v.	make on a potter's wheel
thrown	v.	cause to fall off
thrown	v.	throw (a die) out onto a flat surface
thrown	v.	be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly
thrown	adj.	caused to fall to the ground
thrown	adj.	twisted together; as of filaments spun into a thread
thrum	n.	a thrumming sound
thrum	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
thrum	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
thrum	v.	make a rhythmic sound
thrummed	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
thrummed	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
thrummed	v.	make a rhythmic sound
thrumming	v.	sound with a monotonous hum
thrumming	v.	sound the strings of (a string instrument)
thrumming	v.	make a rhythmic sound
thrush	n.	candidiasis of the oral cavity; seen mostly in infants or debilitated adults
thrush	n.	a woman who sings popular songs
thrush	n.	songbirds characteristically having brownish upper plumage with a spotted breast
thrust	n.	the force used in pushing
thrust	n.	a strong blow with a knife or other sharp pointed instrument
thrust	n.	the act of applying force to propel something
thrust	n.	verbal criticism
thrust	n.	a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow)
thrust	v.	push forcefully
thrust	v.	press or force
thrust	v.	make a thrusting forward movement
thrust	v.	impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably
thrust	v.	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument
thrust	v.	force (molten rock) into pre-existing rock
thrust	v.	push upward
thrust	v.	place or put with great energy
thruway	n.	a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic
thucydides	n.	ancient Greek historian remembered for his history of the Peloponnesian War (460-395 BC)
thud	n.	a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)
thud	v.	make a dull sound
thud	v.	strike with a dull sound
thud	v.	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants
thudded	v.	make a dull sound
thudded	v.	strike with a dull sound
thudded	v.	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants
thudding	v.	make a dull sound
thudding	v.	strike with a dull sound
thudding	v.	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants
thudding	adj.	not clear and resonant; sounding as if striking with or against something relatively soft
thug	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
thuggery	n.	violent or brutal acts as of thugs
thule	n.	a town in northwestern Greenland; during World War II a United States naval base was built there
thule	n.	the geographical region believed by ancient geographers to be the northernmost land in the inhabited world
thulium	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the rare earth group; isotope 170 emits X-rays and is used in small portable X-ray machines; it occurs in monazite and apatite and xenotime
thumb	n.	the thick short innermost digit of the forelimb
thumb	n.	the part of a glove that provides a covering for the thumb
thumb	n.	a convex molding having a cross section in the form of a quarter of a circle or of an ellipse
thumb	v.	travel by getting free rides from motorists
thumb	v.	look through a book or other written material
thumb	v.	feel or handle with the fingers
thumbnail	n.	the nail of the thumb
thumbprint	n.	fingerprint made by the thumb (especially by the pad of the thumb)
thumbscrew	n.	instrument of torture that crushes the thumb
thumbscrew	n.	screw designed to be turned with the thumb and fingers
thumbtack	n.	a tack for attaching papers to a bulletin board or drawing board
thumbtack	v.	fasten with thumbtacks
thump	n.	a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)
thump	n.	a heavy blow with the hand
thump	v.	move rhythmically
thump	v.	make a dull sound
thump	v.	hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument
thumping	n.	a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)
thumping	v.	move rhythmically
thumping	v.	make a dull sound
thumping	v.	hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument
thumping	adj.	(used informally) very large
thunder	n.	a deep prolonged loud noise
thunder	n.	a booming or crashing noise caused by air expanding along the path of a bolt of lightning
thunder	n.	street names for heroin
thunder	v.	move fast, noisily, and heavily
thunder	v.	utter words loudly and forcefully
thunder	v.	be the case that thunder is being heard
thunder	v.	to make or produce a loud noise
thunderbird	n.	(mythology) the spirit of thunder and lightning believed by some Native Americans to take the shape of a great bird
thunderbolt	n.	a discharge of lightning accompanied by thunder
thunderbolt	n.	a shocking surprise
thunderclap	n.	a single sharp crash of thunder
thunderclap	n.	a shocking surprise
thundercloud	n.	a dark cloud of great vertical extent charged with electricity; associated with thunderstorms
thunderer	n.	an epithet for Jupiter
thunderer	n.	a noisemaker that makes a sound like thunder
thunderhead	n.	a rounded projecting mass of a cumulus cloud with shining edges; often appears before a thunderstorm
thunderous	adj.	loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss
thunderous	adj.	extremely ominous
thundershower	n.	a short rainstorm accompanied by thunder and lightning
thunderstorm	n.	a storm resulting from strong rising air currents; heavy rain or hail along with thunder and lightning
thunderstruck	adj.	as if struck dumb with astonishment and surprise
thundery	adj.	loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss
thundery	adj.	accompanied with thunder
thunk	n.	a dull hollow sound
thurber	n.	United States humorist and cartoonist who published collections of essays and stories (1894-1961)
thursday	n.	the fifth day of the week; the fourth working day
thus	n.	an aromatic gum resin obtained from various Arabian or East African trees; formerly valued for worship and for embalming and fumigation
thus	adv.	(used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
thus	adv.	in the way indicated; ; ; (`thusly' is a nonstandard variant)
thwack	n.	a hard blow with a flat object
thwack	v.	deliver a hard blow to
thwart	n.	a crosspiece spreading the gunnels of a boat; used as a seat in a rowboat
thwart	v.	hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of
thyme	n.	any of various mints of the genus Thymus
thyme	n.	leaves can be used as seasoning for almost any meat and stews and stuffings and vegetables
thymine	n.	a base found in DNA (but not in RNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine
thymus	n.	large genus of Old World mints: thyme
thymus	n.	a ductless glandular organ at the base of the neck that produces lymphocytes and aids in producing immunity; atrophies with age
thyroid	n.	located near the base of the neck
thyroid	adj.	of or relating to the thyroid gland
thyroid	adj.	suggestive of a thyroid disorder
thyroidal	adj.	of or relating to the thyroid gland
ti	n.	a light strong grey lustrous corrosion-resistant metallic element used in strong lightweight alloys (as for airplane parts); the main sources are rutile and ilmenite
ti	n.	shrub with terminal tufts of elongated leaves used locally for thatching and clothing; thick sweet roots are used as food; tropical southeastern Asia, Australia and Hawaii
ti	n.	the syllable naming the seventh (subtonic) note of any musical scale in solmization
tia	n.	brief episode in which the brain gets insufficient blood supply; symptoms depend on the site of the blockage
tianjin	n.	a major industrial center in northeastern China on the Grand Canal near the Yellow Sea; 3rd largest city in China
tiara	n.	a jeweled headdress worn by women on formal occasions
tiber	n.	a river of central Italy; flows through Rome to the Tyrrhenian Sea
tiberius	n.	son-in-law of Augustus who became a suspicious tyrannical Emperor of Rome after a brilliant military career (42 BC to AD 37)
tibet	n.	an autonomous region of the Peoples Republic of China; located in the Himalayas
tibetan	n.	Himalayish language spoken in Tibet
tibetan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Tibet
tibetan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Tibet or its people or their language
tibia	n.	the inner and thicker of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
tibiae	n.	the inner and thicker of the two bones of the human leg between the knee and ankle
tibial	adj.	relating to or located near a tibia
tic	n.	a local and habitual twitching especially in the face
tick	n.	a metallic tapping sound
tick	n.	any of two families of small parasitic arachnids with barbed proboscis; feed on blood of warm-blooded animals
tick	n.	a mark indicating that something has been noted or completed etc.
tick	n.	a light mattress
tick	v.	make a clicking or ticking sound
tick	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
tick	v.	sew
tick	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
ticker	n.	the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body
ticker	n.	a small portable timepiece
ticker	n.	a character printer that automatically prints stock quotations on ticker tape
ticket	n.	a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to ride on public transportation or to enter a public entertainment)
ticket	n.	a label written or printed on paper, cardboard, or plastic that is attached to something to indicate its owner, nature, price, etc.
ticket	n.	a summons issued to an offender (especially to someone who violates a traffic regulation)
ticket	n.	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices
ticket	n.	the appropriate or desirable thing
ticket	v.	issue a ticket or a fine to as a penalty
ticket	v.	provide with a ticket for passage or admission
ticking	n.	a metallic tapping sound
ticking	n.	a strong fabric used for mattress and pillow covers
ticking	v.	make a clicking or ticking sound
ticking	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
ticking	v.	sew
ticking	v.	put a check mark on or near or next to
tickle	n.	a cutaneous sensation often resulting from light stroking
tickle	n.	the act of tickling
tickle	v.	touch (a body part) lightly so as to excite the surface nerves and cause uneasiness, laughter, or spasmodic movements
tickle	v.	feel sudden intense sensation or emotion
tickle	v.	touch or stroke lightly
tickler	n.	a file of memoranda or notices that remind of things to be done
ticklish	adj.	difficult to handle; requiring great tact
ticktacktoe	n.	a game in which two players alternately put crosses and circles in one of the compartments of a square grid of nine spaces; the object is to get a row of three crosses or three circles before the opponent does
ticktock	n.	steady recurrent ticking sound as made by a clock
ticktock	v.	make a sound like a clock or a timer
ticonderoga	n.	a pitched battle in which American revolutionary troops captured Fort Ticonderoga from the British in 1775
tidal	adj.	of or relating to or caused by tides
tidbit	n.	a small tasty bit of food
tiddler	n.	a young person of either sex
tiddly	adj.	slightly intoxicated
tiddlywinks	n.	a game in which players try to flip plastic disks into a cup by pressing them on the side sharply with a larger disk
tide	n.	the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of the moon
tide	n.	something that may increase or decrease (like the tides of the sea)
tide	n.	there are usually two high and two low tides each day
tide	v.	rise or move forward
tide	v.	cause to float with the tide
tide	v.	be carried with the tide
tideland	n.	land near the sea that is overflowed by the tide
tidemark	n.	indicator consisting of a line at the highwater or low-water limits of the tides
tidewater	n.	low-lying coastal land drained by tidal streams
tidewater	n.	the coastal plain of the South: eastern parts of Virginia and North Carolina and South Carolina and Georgia
tideway	n.	a channel in which a tidal current runs
tidily	adv.	in a tidy manner
tidiness	n.	the habit of being tidy
tidiness	n.	the trait of being neat and orderly
tidings	n.	information about recent and important events
tidy	n.	receptacle that holds odds and ends (as sewing materials)
tidy	v.	put (things or places) in order
tidy	adj.	marked by order and cleanliness in appearance or habits
tidy	adj.	(of hair) neat and tidy
tidy	adj.	large in amount or extent or degree
tie	n.	neckwear consisting of a long narrow piece of material worn (mostly by men) under a collar and tied in knot at the front
tie	n.	a social or business relationship
tie	n.	equality of score in a contest
tie	n.	a horizontal beam used to prevent two other structural members from spreading apart or separating
tie	n.	a fastener that serves to join or connect
tie	n.	the finish of a contest in which the score is tied and the winner is undecided
tie	n.	(music) a slur over two notes of the same pitch; indicates that the note is to be sustained for their combined time value
tie	n.	one of the cross braces that support the rails on a railway track
tie	n.	a cord (or string or ribbon or wire etc.) with which something is tied
tie	v.	fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord
tie	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
tie	v.	limit or restrict to
tie	v.	connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces
tie	v.	form a knot or bow in
tie	v.	create social or emotional ties
tie	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
tie	v.	make by tying pieces together
tie	v.	unite musical notes by a tie
tieback	n.	a device (as a decorative loop of cord or fabric) for holding or drawing something back
tiebreaker	n.	overtime play in order to break a tie; e.g. tennis and soccer
tiepin	n.	a pin used to hold the tie in place
tier	n.	a relative position or degree of value in a graded group
tier	n.	any one of two or more competitors who tie one another
tier	n.	a worker who ties something
tier	n.	something that is used for tying
tier	n.	one of two or more layers one atop another
tiff	n.	a quarrel about petty points
tiffany	n.	United States artist who developed Tiffany glass (1848-1933)
tiger	n.	a fierce or audacious person
tiger	n.	large feline of forests in most of Asia having a tawny coat with black stripes; endangered
tigerish	adj.	resembling a tiger in fierceness and lack of mercy
tight	adj.	closely constrained or constricted or constricting
tight	adj.	pulled or drawn tight
tight	adj.	set so close together as to be invulnerable to penetration
tight	adj.	pressed tightly together
tight	adj.	(used of persons or behavior) characterized by or indicative of lack of generosity
tight	adj.	affected by scarcity and expensive to borrow
tight	adj.	of such close construction as to be impermeable
tight	adj.	of textiles
tight	adj.	securely or solidly fixed in place; rigid
tight	adj.	(of a contest or contestants) evenly matched
tight	adj.	very drunk
tight	adj.	exasperatingly difficult to handle or circumvent
tight	adj.	demanding strict attention to rules and procedures
tight	adj.	packed closely together
tight	adv.	firmly or closely
tight	adv.	in an attentive manner
tighten	v.	make tight or tighter
tighten	v.	become tight or tighter
tighten	v.	restrict
tighten	v.	narrow or limit
tightfisted	adj.	unwilling to part with money
tightness	n.	a state occasioned by scarcity of money and a shortage of credit
tightness	n.	a tight feeling in some part of the body
tightness	n.	the spatial property of being crowded together
tightness	n.	extreme stinginess
tightness	n.	lack of movement or room for movement
tightrope	n.	tightly stretched rope or wire on which acrobats perform high above the ground
tights	n.	skintight knit hose covering the body from the waist to the feet worn by acrobats and dancers and as stockings by women and girls
tightwad	n.	a miserly person
tigress	n.	a female tiger
tigris	n.	an Asian river; a tributary of the Euphrates River
tijuana	n.	a Mexican city just to the south of San Diego on the Lower California peninsula; popular among American tourists for racetracks and bullfights
tilapia	n.	a genus of Cichlidae
tilde	n.	a diacritical mark (~) placed over the letter n in Spanish to indicate a palatal nasal sound or over a vowel in Portuguese to indicate nasalization
tile	n.	a flat thin rectangular slab (as of fired clay or rubber or linoleum) used to cover surfaces
tile	n.	a thin flat slab of fired clay used for roofing
tile	n.	game equipment consisting of a flat thin piece marked with characters and used in board games like Mah-Jong, Scrabble, etc.
tile	v.	cover with tiles
tiler	n.	a worker who lays tile
tiling	n.	the application of tiles to cover a surface
tiling	v.	cover with tiles
till	n.	unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and gravel and boulders mixed together
till	n.	a treasury for government funds
till	n.	a strongbox for holding cash
till	v.	work land as by ploughing, harrowing, and manuring, in order to make it ready for cultivation
tillable	adj.	(of farmland) capable of being farmed productively
tillage	n.	arable land that is worked by plowing and sowing and raising crops
tillage	n.	the cultivation of soil for raising crops
tiller	n.	a shoot that sprouts from the base of a grass
tiller	n.	someone who tills land (prepares the soil for the planting of crops)
tiller	n.	lever used to turn the rudder on a boat
tiller	n.	a farm implement used to break up the surface of the soil (for aeration and weed control and conservation of moisture)
tiller	v.	grow shoots in the form of stools or tillers
tillich	n.	United States theologian (born in Germany) (1886-1965)
tilt	n.	a combat between two mounted knights tilting against each other with blunted lances
tilt	n.	a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement
tilt	n.	a slight but noticeable partiality
tilt	n.	the property possessed by a line or surface that departs from the vertical
tilt	n.	pitching dangerously to one side
tilt	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
tilt	v.	heel over
tilt	v.	move sideways or in an unsteady way
tilt	v.	charge with a tilt
timber	n.	the wood of trees cut and prepared for use as building material
timber	n.	a beam made of wood
timber	n.	a post made of wood
timber	n.	land that is covered with trees and shrubs
timber	n.	(music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound)
timberland	n.	land that is covered with trees and shrubs
timberline	n.	line marking the upper limit of tree growth in mountains or northern latitudes
timbre	n.	(music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound)
timbrel	n.	small hand drum similar to a tambourine; formerly carried by itinerant jugglers
timbuktu	n.	a city in central Mali near the Niger river; formerly famous for its gold trade
time	n.	an instance or single occasion for some event
time	n.	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something
time	n.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities)
time	n.	a suitable moment
time	n.	the continuum of experience in which events pass from the future through the present to the past
time	n.	a person's experience on a particular occasion
time	n.	a reading of a point in time as given by a clock
time	n.	the fourth coordinate that is required (along with three spatial dimensions) to specify a physical event
time	n.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
time	n.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned
time	v.	measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time
time	v.	assign a time for an activity or event
time	v.	set the speed, duration, or execution of
time	v.	regulate or set the time of
time	v.	adjust so that a force is applied and an action occurs at the desired time
timekeeper	n.	(sports) an official who keeps track of the time elapsed
timekeeper	n.	a clerk who keeps track of the hours worked by employees
timekeeper	n.	a measuring instrument or device for keeping time
timekeeping	n.	the act or process of determining the time
timeless	adj.	unaffected by time
timelessness	n.	a state of eternal existence believed in some religions to characterize the afterlife
timeline	n.	a sequence of related events arranged in chronological order and displayed along a line (usually drawn left to right or top to bottom)
timeliness	n.	being at the right time
timeliness	n.	timely convenience
timely	adj.	before a time limit expires
timely	adj.	done or happening at the appropriate or proper time
timely	adv.	at an opportune time
timepiece	n.	a measuring instrument or device for keeping time
timer	n.	a timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end
timer	n.	(sports) an official who keeps track of the time elapsed
timer	n.	a regulator that activates or deactivates a mechanism at set times
timeserver	n.	one who conforms to current ways and opinions for personal advantage
timeserving	adj.	taking immediate advantage, often unethically, of any circumstance of possible benefit
timetable	n.	a schedule listing events and the times at which they will take place
timetable	n.	a schedule of times of arrivals and departures
timeworn	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
timid	n.	people who are fearful and cautious
timid	adj.	showing fear and lack of confidence
timid	adj.	lacking self-confidence
timid	adj.	lacking conviction or boldness or courage
timidity	n.	fear of the unknown or unfamiliar or fear of making decisions
timidity	n.	fearfulness in venturing into new and unknown places or activities
timidness	n.	fear of the unknown or unfamiliar or fear of making decisions
timing	n.	the time when something happens
timing	n.	the regulation of occurrence, pace, or coordination to achieve a desired effect (as in music, theater, athletics, mechanics)
timing	v.	measure the time or duration of an event or action or the person who performs an action in a certain period of time
timing	v.	assign a time for an activity or event
timing	v.	set the speed, duration, or execution of
timing	v.	regulate or set the time of
timing	v.	adjust so that a force is applied and an action occurs at the desired time
timor	n.	an island in Indonesia in the Malay Archipelago; the largest and most eastern of the Lesser Sunda Islands
timorous	adj.	timid by nature or revealing timidity
timorousness	n.	fear of the unknown or unfamiliar or fear of making decisions
timorousness	n.	fearfulness in venturing into new and unknown places or activities
timothy	n.	grass with long cylindrical spikes grown in northern United States and Europe for hay
timothy	n.	a disciple of Saint Paul who became the leader of the Christian community at Ephesus
timothy	n.	a grass grown for hay
timpani	n.	a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
timpanist	n.	a person who plays the kettledrums
timur	n.	Mongolian ruler of Samarkand who led his nomadic hordes to conquer an area from Turkey to Mongolia (1336-1405)
tin	n.	a silvery malleable metallic element that resists corrosion; used in many alloys and to coat other metals to prevent corrosion; obtained chiefly from cassiterite where it occurs as tin oxide
tin	n.	a vessel (box, can, pan, etc.) made of tinplate and used mainly in baking
tin	n.	metal container for storing dry foods such as tea or flour
tin	n.	airtight sealed metal container for food or drink or paint etc.
tin	v.	plate with tin
tin	v.	preserve in a can or tin
tin	v.	prepare (a metal) for soldering or brazing by applying a thin layer of solder to the surface
tincture	n.	a substances that colors metals
tincture	n.	an indication that something has been present
tincture	n.	a quality of a given color that differs slightly from another color
tincture	n.	(pharmacology) a medicine consisting of an extract in an alcohol solution
tincture	v.	fill, as with a certain quality
tincture	v.	stain or tint with a color
tinder	n.	material for starting a fire
tinderbox	n.	a dangerous state of affairs; a situation that is a potential source of violence
tinderbox	n.	a box for holding tinder
tine	n.	prong on a fork or pitchfork or antler
tinfoil	n.	foil made of tin or an alloy of tin and lead
ting	n.	a light clear metallic sound as of a small bell
ting	v.	cause to make a ting
ting	v.	make a light, metallic sound; go `ting'
tinge	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
tinge	n.	a pale or subdued color
tinge	v.	affect as in thought or feeling
tinge	v.	color lightly
tingeing	v.	affect as in thought or feeling
tingeing	v.	color lightly
tingle	n.	an almost pleasurable sensation of fright
tingle	n.	a somatic sensation as from many tiny prickles
tingle	v.	cause a stinging or tingling sensation
tingling	n.	a somatic sensation as from many tiny prickles
tingling	v.	cause a stinging or tingling sensation
tingling	adj.	exciting by touching lightly so as to cause laughter or twitching movements
tininess	n.	the property of being very small in size
tinker	n.	a person who enjoys fixing and experimenting with machines and their parts
tinker	n.	formerly a person (traditionally a Gypsy) who traveled from place to place mending pots and kettles and other metal utensils as a way to earn a living
tinker	n.	small mackerel found nearly worldwide
tinker	v.	do random, unplanned work or activities or spend time idly
tinker	v.	work as a tinker or tinkerer
tinker	v.	try to fix or mend
tinkerer	n.	an unskilled person who tries to fix or mend
tinkerer	n.	a person who enjoys fixing and experimenting with machines and their parts
tinkle	n.	a light clear metallic sound as of a small bell
tinkle	v.	make or emit a high sound
tinned	v.	plate with tin
tinned	v.	preserve in a can or tin
tinned	v.	prepare (a metal) for soldering or brazing by applying a thin layer of solder to the surface
tinned	adj.	sealed in a can or jar
tinning	n.	the application of a thin layer of soft solder to the ends of wires before soldering them
tinning	n.	the application of a protective layer of tin
tinning	v.	plate with tin
tinning	v.	preserve in a can or tin
tinning	v.	prepare (a metal) for soldering or brazing by applying a thin layer of solder to the surface
tinnitus	n.	a ringing or booming sensation in one or both ears; a symptom of an ear infection or Meniere's disease
tinny	adj.	of or containing tin
tinny	adj.	of very poor quality; flimsy
tinny	adj.	thin and metallic in sound; lacking resonance
tinplate	n.	a thin sheet of metal (iron or steel) coated with tin to prevent rusting; used especially for cans, pots, and tins
tinpot	adj.	inferior (especially of a country's leadership)
tinsel	n.	a showy decoration that is basically valueless
tinsel	n.	a thread with glittering metal foil attached
tinsel	v.	impart a cheap brightness to
tinsel	v.	adorn with tinsel
tinsel	v.	interweave with tinsel
tinsmith	n.	someone who makes or repairs tinware
tinsmiths	n.	someone who makes or repairs tinware
tint	n.	a quality of a given color that differs slightly from another color
tint	v.	color lightly
tintinnabulation	n.	the sound of a bell ringing; ; ; --E. A. Poe
tintoretto	n.	Italian painter of the Venetian school (1518-1594)
tinware	n.	articles of commerce made of tin plate
tiny	adj.	very small
tip	n.	the extreme end of something; especially something pointed
tip	n.	a relatively small amount of money given for services rendered (as by a waiter)
tip	n.	an indication of potential opportunity
tip	n.	a V shape
tip	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
tip	v.	cause to tilt
tip	v.	mark with a tip
tip	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
tip	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
tip	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
tip	v.	walk on one's toes
tip	v.	strike lightly
tip	v.	give insider information or advise to
tip	v.	remove the tip from
tipped	v.	cause to tilt
tipped	v.	mark with a tip
tipped	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
tipped	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
tipped	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
tipped	v.	walk on one's toes
tipped	v.	strike lightly
tipped	v.	give insider information or advise to
tipped	v.	remove the tip from
tipped	adj.	having a tip; or having a tip as specified (used in combination)
tipped	adj.	departing or being caused to depart from the true vertical or horizontal
tipper	n.	a person who leaves a tip
tipper	n.	truck whose contents can be emptied without handling; the front end of the platform can be pneumatically raised so that the load is discharged by gravity
tippet	n.	a woman's fur shoulder cape with hanging ends; often consisting of the whole fur of a fox or marten
tipping	v.	cause to tilt
tipping	v.	mark with a tip
tipping	v.	give a tip or gratuity to in return for a service, beyond the compensation agreed on
tipping	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
tipping	v.	to incline or bend from a vertical position
tipping	v.	walk on one's toes
tipping	v.	strike lightly
tipping	v.	give insider information or advise to
tipping	v.	remove the tip from
tipple	n.	a serving of drink (usually alcoholic) drawn from a keg
tipple	v.	drink moderately but regularly
tippler	n.	someone who drinks liquor repeatedly in small quantities
tipsiness	n.	a temporary state resulting from excessive consumption of alcohol
tipster	n.	one who sells advice about gambling or speculation (especially at the racetrack)
tipsy	adj.	slightly intoxicated
tipsy	adj.	unstable and prone to tip as if intoxicated
tiptoe	n.	the tip of a toe
tiptoe	v.	walk on one's toes
tiptoe	adj.	walking on the tips of ones's toes so as to make no noise
tiptoe	adv.	on tiptoe or as if on tiptoe
tiptoeing	v.	walk on one's toes
tiptop	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
tiptop	n.	the extreme top or summit
tiptop	adj.	of the highest quality
tirade	n.	a speech of violent denunciation
tiramisu	n.	an Italian dessert consisting of layers of sponge cake soaked with coffee and brandy or liqueur layered with mascarpone cheese and topped with grated chocolate
tire	n.	hoop that covers a wheel
tire	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
tire	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
tire	v.	deplete
tire	v.	cause to be bored
tired	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
tired	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
tired	v.	deplete
tired	v.	cause to be bored
tired	adj.	depleted of strength or energy
tired	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
tiredness	n.	temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental work
tireless	adj.	showing sustained enthusiastic action with unflagging vitality
tireless	adj.	characterized by hard work and perseverance
tirelessness	n.	tireless determination
tiresias	n.	(Greek mythology) the blind prophet of Thebes who revealed to Oedipus that Oedipus had murdered his father and married his mother
tiresome	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
tiresomeness	n.	dullness owing to length or slowness
tirol	n.	a picturesque mountainous province of western Austria and northern Italy
tirolean	n.	soft green felt hat with a feather or brush cockade
tishri	n.	the first month of the civil year; the seventh month of the ecclesiastical year in the Jewish calendar (in September and October)
tissue	n.	part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar structure and function
tissue	n.	a soft thin (usually translucent) paper
tissue	v.	create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton
tit	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
tit	n.	the small projection of a mammary gland
tit	n.	small insectivorous birds
titan	n.	a person of exceptional importance and reputation
titan	n.	(Greek mythology) any of the primordial giant gods who ruled the Earth until overthrown by Zeus; the Titans were offspring of Uranus (Heaven) and Gaea (Earth)
titan	n.	the largest of the satellites of Saturn; has a hazy nitrogen atmosphere
titania	n.	a white powder used as a pigment for its high covering power and durability
titania	n.	(Middle Ages) the queen of the fairies in medieval folklore
titanic	adj.	of great force or power
titanium	n.	a light strong grey lustrous corrosion-resistant metallic element used in strong lightweight alloys (as for airplane parts); the main sources are rutile and ilmenite
tithe	n.	a levy of one tenth of something
tithe	n.	an offering of a tenth part of some personal income
tithe	v.	exact a tithe from
tithe	v.	levy a tithe on (produce or a crop)
tithe	v.	pay one tenth of; pay tithes on, especially to the church
tithe	v.	pay a tenth of one's income, especially to the church
tither	n.	someone who pays tithes
titian	n.	old master of the Venetian school (1490-1576)
titillate	v.	touch (a body part) lightly so as to excite the surface nerves and cause uneasiness, laughter, or spasmodic movements
titillate	v.	excite pleasurably or erotically
titillating	v.	touch (a body part) lightly so as to excite the surface nerves and cause uneasiness, laughter, or spasmodic movements
titillating	v.	excite pleasurably or erotically
titillating	adj.	pleasantly and superficially exciting
titillating	adj.	giving sexual pleasure; sexually arousing
titillating	adj.	exciting by touching lightly so as to cause laughter or twitching movements
titillation	n.	a tingling feeling of excitement (as from teasing or tickling)
titillation	n.	an agreeable arousal
titillation	n.	the act of tickling
titivate	v.	make neat, smart, or trim
titivation	n.	sprucing up; making decorative additions to
title	n.	a heading that names a statute or legislative bill; may give a brief summary of the matters it deals with
title	n.	the name of a work of art or literary composition etc.
title	n.	a general or descriptive heading for a section of a written work
title	n.	the status of being a champion
title	n.	a legal document signed and sealed and delivered to effect a transfer of property and to show the legal right to possess it
title	n.	an identifying appellation signifying status or function: e.g. `Mr.' or `General'
title	n.	an established or recognized right
title	n.	(usually plural) written material introduced into a movie or TV show to give credits or represent dialogue or explain an action
title	n.	an appellation signifying nobility
title	n.	an informal right to something
title	v.	give a title to
title	v.	designate by an identifying term
titled	v.	give a title to
titled	v.	designate by an identifying term
titled	adj.	belonging to the peerage
titmice	n.	small insectivorous birds
titmouse	n.	small insectivorous birds
tito	n.	Yugoslav statesman who led the resistance to German occupation during World War II and established a communist state after the war (1892-1980)
titter	n.	a nervous restrained laugh
titter	v.	laugh nervously
tittle	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
titty	n.	either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman
titular	adj.	of or relating to a legal title to something
titular	adj.	of or bearing a title signifying status or function
titular	adj.	of or pertaining to the title of a work of art
titular	adj.	of or associated with or bearing a title signifying nobility
titular	adj.	existing in name only
titus	n.	a Greek disciple and helper of Saint Paul
titus	n.	Emperor of Rome; son of Vespasian (39-81)
titus	n.	a New Testament book containing Saint Paul's epistle to Titus; contains advice on pastoral matters
tizzy	n.	an excited state of agitation
tko	n.	a knockout declared by the referee who judges one boxer unable to continue
tl	n.	a soft grey malleable metallic element that resembles tin but discolors on exposure to air; it is highly toxic and is used in rodent and insect poisons; occurs in zinc blende and some iron ores
tlc	n.	considerate and solicitous care
tlingit	n.	a member of a seafaring group of North American Indians living in southern Alaska
tlingit	n.	the Na-Dene language spoken by the Tlingit
tm	n.	a soft silvery metallic element of the rare earth group; isotope 170 emits X-rays and is used in small portable X-ray machines; it occurs in monazite and apatite and xenotime
tn	n.	a state in east central United States
tnt	n.	explosive consisting of a yellow crystalline compound that is a flammable toxic derivative of toluene
toad	n.	any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species
toadstool	n.	common name for an inedible or poisonous agaric (contrasting with the edible mushroom)
toady	n.	a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage
toady	v.	try to gain favor by cringing or flattering
toast	n.	slices of bread that have been toasted
toast	n.	a celebrity who receives much acclaim and attention
toast	n.	a person in desperate straits; someone doomed
toast	n.	a drink in honor of or to the health of a person or event
toast	v.	make brown and crisp by heating
toast	v.	propose a toast to
toaster	n.	someone who proposes a toast; someone who drinks to the health of success of someone or some venture
toaster	n.	a kitchen appliance (usually electric) for toasting bread
toastmaster	n.	the person who proposes toasts and introduces speakers at a banquet
tobacco	n.	leaves of the tobacco plant dried and prepared for smoking or ingestion
tobacco	n.	aromatic annual or perennial herbs and shrubs
tobacconist	n.	a retail dealer in tobacco and tobacco-related articles
tobacconist	n.	a shop that sells pipes and pipe tobacco and cigars and cigarettes
tobago	n.	island in West Indies
tobit	n.	an Apocryphal book that was a popular novel for several centuries
toboggan	n.	a long narrow sled without runners; boards curve upward in front
toboggan	v.	move along on a luge or toboggan
tobogganing	n.	riding on a long light sled with low handrails
tobogganing	v.	move along on a luge or toboggan
toby	n.	a drinking mug in the shape of a stout man wearing a three-cornered hat
tocantins	n.	a river in eastern Brazil that flows generally north to the Para River
toccata	n.	a baroque musical composition (usually for a keyboard instrument) with full chords and rapid elaborate runs in a rhythmically free style
tocopherol	n.	a fat-soluble vitamin that is essential for normal reproduction; an important antioxidant that neutralizes free radicals in the body
tocqueville	n.	French political writer noted for his analysis of American institutions (1805-1859)
tocsin	n.	the sound of an alarm (usually a bell)
tocsin	n.	a bell used to sound an alarm
tod	n.	a unit of weight for wool equal to about 28 pounds
tod	adj.	alone and on your own
today	n.	the present time or age
today	n.	the day that includes the present moment (as opposed to yesterday or tomorrow)
today	adv.	in these times; - Nancy Mitford
today	adv.	on this day as distinct from yesterday or tomorrow
todd	n.	Scottish chemist noted for his research into the structure of nucleic acids (born in 1907)
todd	n.	fictional character in a play by George Pitt; a barber who murdered his customers
toddle	v.	walk unsteadily
toddler	n.	a young child
toddy	n.	a mixed drink made of liquor and water with sugar and spices and served hot
toe	n.	one of the digits of the foot
toe	n.	the part of footwear that provides a covering for the toes
toe	n.	forepart of a hoof
toe	n.	(golf) the part of a clubhead farthest from the shaft
toe	v.	walk so that the toes assume an indicated position or direction
toe	v.	drive obliquely
toe	v.	hit (a golf ball) with the toe of the club
toe	v.	drive (a golf ball) with the toe of the club
toe	v.	touch with the toe
toecap	n.	a protective leather or steel cover for the toe of a boot or shoe, reinforcing or decorating it
toehold	n.	a relatively insignificant position from which future progress might be made
toehold	n.	a small foothold used in climbing
toehold	n.	a wrestling hold in which the toe is held and the leg is twisted against the joints
toeing	v.	walk so that the toes assume an indicated position or direction
toeing	v.	drive obliquely
toeing	v.	hit (a golf ball) with the toe of the club
toeing	v.	drive (a golf ball) with the toe of the club
toeing	v.	touch with the toe
toenail	n.	the nail at the end of a toe
toenail	v.	drive obliquely
toff	n.	informal term for an upper-class or wealthy person
toffee	n.	caramelized sugar cooled in thin sheets
tofu	n.	cheeselike food made of curdled soybean milk
tog	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
toga	n.	a one-piece cloak worn by men in ancient Rome
together	adj.	mentally and emotionally stable
together	adv.	in contact with each other or in proximity
together	adv.	assembled in one place
together	adv.	in each other's company
together	adv.	at the same time
together	adv.	with cooperation and interchange
together	adv.	with a common plan
togetherness	n.	affectionate closeness
togged	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
togged	adj.	dressed especially in smart clothes
togging	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
toggle	n.	any instruction that works first one way and then the other; it turns something on the first time it is used and then turns it off the next time
toggle	n.	a hinged switch that can assume either of two positions
toggle	n.	a fastener consisting of a peg or pin or crosspiece that is inserted into an eye at the end of a rope or a chain or a cable in order to fasten it to something (as another rope or chain or cable)
toggle	v.	provide with a toggle or toggles
toggle	v.	fasten with, or as if with, a toggle
toggle	v.	release by a toggle switch
togo	n.	a republic on the western coast of Africa on the Gulf of Guinea; formerly under French control
togolese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Togo
togolese	adj.	of or relating to the African country of Togo or its people
togs	n.	informal terms for clothing
togs	v.	provide with clothes or put clothes on
toil	n.	productive work (especially physical work done for wages)
toil	v.	work hard
toiler	n.	one who works strenuously
toilet	n.	a room or building equipped with one or more toilets
toilet	n.	a plumbing fixture for defecation and urination
toilet	n.	misfortune resulting in lost effort or money
toilet	n.	the act of dressing and preparing yourself
toiletry	n.	artifacts used in making your toilet (washing and taking care of your body)
toilette	n.	the act of dressing and preparing yourself
toilsome	adj.	characterized by effort to the point of exhaustion; especially physical effort
tojo	n.	Japanese army officer who initiated the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and who assumed dictatorial control of Japan during World War II; he was subsequently tried and executed as a war criminal (1884-1948)
tokay	n.	Hungarian wine made from Tokay grapes
tokay	n.	variety of wine grape originally grown in Hungary; the prototype of vinifera grapes
toke	n.	a puff of a marijuana or hashish cigarette
token	n.	an individual instance of a type of symbol
token	n.	something serving as a sign of something else
token	n.	a metal or plastic disk that can be redeemed or used in designated slot machines
token	n.	something of sentimental value
token	adj.	insignificantly small; a matter of form only (`tokenish' is informal)
tokyo	n.	the capital and largest city of Japan; the economic and cultural center of Japan
told	v.	express in words
told	v.	let something be known
told	v.	narrate or give a detailed account of
told	v.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority
told	v.	discern or comprehend
told	v.	inform positively and with certainty and confidence
told	v.	give evidence
told	v.	mark as different
tole	n.	enameled or lacquered metalware (usually gilded and elaborately painted); popular in the 18th century
toledo	n.	an industrial city in northwestern Ohio on Lake Erie
toledo	n.	a city in central Spain on the Tagus river; famous for steel and swords since the first century
tolerable	adj.	capable of being borne or endured
tolerable	adj.	about average; acceptable
tolerably	adv.	in an acceptable (but not outstanding) manner
tolerance	n.	the power or capacity of an organism to tolerate unfavorable environmental conditions
tolerance	n.	a disposition to allow freedom of choice and behavior
tolerance	n.	the act of tolerating something
tolerance	n.	willingness to recognize and respect the beliefs or practices of others
tolerance	n.	a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits
tolerances	n.	the power or capacity of an organism to tolerate unfavorable environmental conditions
tolerances	n.	a disposition to allow freedom of choice and behavior
tolerances	n.	the act of tolerating something
tolerances	n.	willingness to recognize and respect the beliefs or practices of others
tolerances	n.	a permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits
tolerant	adj.	showing respect for the rights or opinions or practices of others
tolerant	adj.	tolerant and forgiving under provocation
tolerant	adj.	showing or characterized by broad-mindedness
tolerant	adj.	able to tolerate environmental conditions or physiological stress
tolerant	adj.	showing the capacity for endurance
tolerate	v.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant
tolerate	v.	recognize and respect (rights and beliefs of others)
tolerate	v.	have a tolerance for a poison or strong drug or pathogen or environmental condition
tolerate	v.	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
toleration	n.	a disposition to tolerate or accept people or situations
toleration	n.	official recognition of the right of individuals to hold dissenting opinions (especially in religion)
tolkien	n.	British philologist and writer of fantasies (born in South Africa) (1892-1973)
toll	n.	a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance)
toll	n.	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something
toll	n.	the sound of a bell being struck
toll	v.	ring slowly
toll	v.	charge a fee for using
tollbooth	n.	a booth at a tollgate where the toll collector collects tolls
tollbooths	n.	a booth at a tollgate where the toll collector collects tolls
tollgate	n.	a gate or bar across a toll bridge or toll road which is lifted when the toll is paid
tolstoy	n.	Russian author remembered for two great novels (1828-1910)
toltec	n.	a member of the Nahuatl speaking people of central and southern Mexico
toluene	n.	a colorless flammable liquid obtained from petroleum or coal tar; used as a solvent for gums and lacquers and in high-octane fuels
tom	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive and derogatory name for a Black man who is abjectly servile and deferential to Whites
tom	n.	male cat
tom	n.	male turkey
tomahawk	n.	weapon consisting of a fighting ax; used by North American Indians
tomahawk	v.	cut with a tomahawk
tomahawk	v.	kill with a tomahawk
tomato	n.	mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable
tomato	n.	native to South America; widely cultivated in many varieties
tomatoes	n.	mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable
tomatoes	n.	native to South America; widely cultivated in many varieties
tomb	n.	a place for the burial of a corpse (especially beneath the ground and marked by a tombstone)
tombaugh	n.	United States astronomer who discovered the planet Pluto (1906-1997)
tombola	n.	a lottery in which tickets are drawn from a revolving drum
tomboy	n.	a girl who behaves in a boyish manner
tomboyish	adj.	used of girls; wild and boisterous
tombstone	n.	a stone that is used to mark a grave
tomcat	n.	male cat
tome	n.	a (usually) large and scholarly book
tomfoolery	n.	foolish or senseless behavior
tomography	n.	(medicine) obtaining pictures of the interior of the body
tomorrow	n.	the day after today
tomorrow	n.	the near future
tomorrow	adv.	the next day, the day after, following the present day
tomtit	n.	widely distributed European titmouse with bright cobalt blue wings and tail and crown of the head
ton	n.	a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds
ton	n.	a British unit of weight equivalent to 2240 pounds
tonal	adj.	employing variations in pitch to distinguish meanings of otherwise similar words
tonal	adj.	having tonality; i.e. tones and chords organized in relation to one tone such as a keynote or tonic
tonality	n.	any of 24 major or minor diatonic scales that provide the tonal framework for a piece of music
tone	n.	the quality of a person's voice
tone	n.	(linguistics) a pitch or change in pitch of the voice that serves to distinguish words in tonal languages
tone	n.	(music) the distinctive property of a complex sound (a voice or noise or musical sound)
tone	n.	the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people
tone	n.	a quality of a given color that differs slightly from another color
tone	n.	a notation representing the pitch and duration of a musical sound
tone	n.	a steady sound without overtones
tone	n.	the elastic tension of living muscles, arteries, etc. that facilitate response to stimuli
tone	n.	a musical interval of two semitones
tone	n.	the quality of something (an act or a piece of writing) that reveals the attitudes and presuppositions of the author
tone	v.	utter monotonously and repetitively and rhythmically
tone	v.	vary the pitch of one's speech
tone	v.	change the color or tone of
tone	v.	change to a color image
tone	v.	give a healthy elasticity to
toneless	adj.	lacking in tone or expression
toner	n.	a solution containing chemicals that can change the color of a photographic print
toner	n.	a black or colored powder used in a printer to develop a xerographic image
toner	n.	a lotion for cleansing the skin and contracting the pores
tonga	n.	a monarchy on a Polynesian archipelago in the South Pacific; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1970
tonga	n.	the language of the Tongan people of south central Africa (Zambia and Rhodesia)
tongan	n.	a Polynesian native or inhabitant of Tonga
tongan	n.	the Polynesian language spoken by the Tongan people
tongan	adj.	of or relating to the island monarchy of Tonga or its people
tongue	n.	a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in the oral cavity
tongue	n.	a human written or spoken language used by a community; opposed to e.g. a computer language
tongue	n.	any long thin projection that is transient
tongue	n.	a manner of speaking
tongue	n.	a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea
tongue	n.	the tongue of certain animals used as meat
tongue	n.	the flap of material under the laces of a shoe or boot
tongue	n.	metal striker that hangs inside a bell and makes a sound by hitting the side
tongue	v.	articulate by tonguing, as when playing wind instruments
tongue	v.	lick or explore with the tongue
tongueless	adj.	lacking a tongue
tongueless	adj.	expressed without speech; ; ; - Emily Dickinson; ; ; - Thomas Wolfe
tonic	n.	lime- or lemon-flavored carbonated water containing quinine
tonic	n.	a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring
tonic	n.	(music) the first note of a diatonic scale
tonic	n.	a medicine that strengthens and invigorates
tonic	adj.	of or relating to or producing normal tone or tonus in muscles or tissue
tonic	adj.	employing variations in pitch to distinguish meanings of otherwise similar words
tonic	adj.	used of syllables
tonic	adj.	relating to or being the keynote of a major or minor scale
tonic	adj.	imparting vitality and energy
tonight	n.	the present or immediately coming night
tonight	adv.	during the night of the present day
tonnage	n.	a tax imposed on ships that enter the US; based on the tonnage of the ship
tonne	n.	a unit of weight equivalent to 1000 kilograms
tonsil	n.	either of two masses of lymphatic tissue one on each side of the oral pharynx
tonsillectomy	n.	surgical removal of the palatine tonsils; commonly performed along with adenoidectomy
tonsillitis	n.	inflammation of the tonsils (especially the palatine tonsils)
tonsorial	adj.	of or relating to barbers and barbering
tonsure	n.	the shaved crown of a monk's or priest's head
tonsure	n.	shaving the crown of the head by priests or members of a monastic order
tonsure	v.	shave the head of a newly inducted monk
too	adv.	to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits
too	adv.	in addition
took	v.	carry out
took	v.	require (time or space)
took	v.	take somebody somewhere
took	v.	get into one's hands, take physically
took	v.	take on a certain form, attribute, or aspect
took	v.	interpret something in a certain way; convey a particular meaning or impression
took	v.	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
took	v.	take into one's possession
took	v.	travel or go by means of a certain kind of transportation, or a certain route
took	v.	pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives
took	v.	receive willingly something given or offered
took	v.	assume, as of positions or roles
took	v.	take into consideration for exemplifying purposes
took	v.	require as useful, just, or proper
took	v.	experience or feel or submit to
took	v.	make a film or photograph of something
took	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
took	v.	serve oneself to, or consume regularly
took	v.	accept or undergo, often unwillingly
took	v.	make use of or accept for some purpose
took	v.	take by force
took	v.	occupy or take on
took	v.	admit into a group or community
took	v.	ascertain or determine by measuring, computing or take a reading from a dial
took	v.	be a student of a certain subject
took	v.	take as an undesirable consequence of some event or state of affairs
took	v.	head into a specified direction
took	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
took	v.	be seized or affected in a specified way
took	v.	have with oneself; have on one's person
took	v.	engage for service under a term of contract
took	v.	receive or obtain regularly
took	v.	buy, select
took	v.	to get into a position of having, e.g., safety, comfort
took	v.	have sex with; archaic use
took	v.	lay claim to; as of an idea
took	v.	be designed to hold or take
took	v.	be capable of holding or containing
took	v.	develop a habit
took	v.	proceed along in a vehicle
took	v.	obtain by winning
took	v.	be stricken by an illness, fall victim to an illness
tool	n.	an implement used in the practice of a vocation
tool	n.	the means whereby some act is accomplished
tool	n.	a person who is controlled by others and is used to perform unpleasant or dishonest tasks for someone else
tool	n.	obscene terms for penis
tool	v.	drive
tool	v.	ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it
tool	v.	furnish with tools
tool	v.	work with a tool
toolbox	n.	a box or chest or cabinet for holding hand tools
toolmaker	n.	someone skilled in making or repairing tools
toot	n.	a blast of a horn
toot	n.	revelry in drinking; a merry drinking party
toot	v.	make a loud noise
tooth	n.	hard bonelike structures in the jaws of vertebrates; used for biting and chewing or for attack and defense
tooth	n.	something resembling the tooth of an animal
tooth	n.	toothlike structure in invertebrates found in the mouth or alimentary canal or on a shell
tooth	n.	a means of enforcement
tooth	n.	one of a number of uniform projections on a gear
toothache	n.	an ache localized in or around a tooth
toothbrush	n.	small brush; has long handle; used to clean teeth
toothbrush	n.	slang for a mustache
toothless	adj.	lacking teeth
toothless	adj.	lacking necessary force for effectiveness
toothpaste	n.	a dentifrice in the form of a paste
toothpick	n.	pick consisting of a small strip of wood or plastic; used to pick food from between the teeth
toothsome	adj.	acceptable to the taste or mind
toothsome	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
toothsome	adj.	having strong sexual appeal
toothy	adj.	having or showing prominent teeth
tootle	n.	the sound of casual playing on a musical instrument
tootle	v.	play (a musical instrument) casually
top	n.	the upper part of anything
top	n.	the highest or uppermost side of anything
top	n.	the top or extreme point of something (usually a mountain or hill)
top	n.	the first half of an inning; while the visiting team is at bat
top	n.	the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
top	n.	the greatest possible intensity
top	n.	platform surrounding the head of a lower mast
top	n.	a conical child's plaything tapering to a steel point on which it can be made to spin
top	n.	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container)
top	n.	a garment (especially for women) that extends from the shoulders to the waist or hips
top	n.	a canvas tent to house the audience at a circus performance
top	v.	be superior or better than some standard
top	v.	pass by, over, or under without making contact
top	v.	be at the top of or constitute the top or highest point
top	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
top	v.	provide with a top or finish the top (of a structure)
top	v.	reach or ascend the top of
top	v.	strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin
top	v.	cut the top off
top	v.	be the culminating event
top	v.	finish up or conclude
top	adj.	situated at the top or highest position
topaz	n.	a yellow quartz
topaz	n.	a mineral (fluosilicate of aluminum) that occurs in crystals of various colors and is used as a gemstone
topaz	n.	a light brown the color of topaz
topcoat	n.	a heavy coat worn over clothes in winter
topdressing	v.	scatter manure or fertilizer over (land)
topee	n.	a lightweight hat worn in tropical countries for protection from the sun
topeka	n.	the capital of the state of Kansas; located in eastern Kansas on the Kansas river
topi	n.	a lightweight hat worn in tropical countries for protection from the sun
topi	n.	a large South African antelope; considered the swiftest hoofed mammal
topiary	n.	a garden having shrubs clipped or trimmed into decorative shapes especially of animals
topiary	n.	making decorative shapes by trimming shrubs or trees
topic	n.	the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
topic	n.	some situation or event that is thought about
topical	adj.	pertaining to the surface of a body part
topical	adj.	of or relating to or arranged by topics
topical	adj.	of interest at the present time
topicality	n.	the attribute of being of interest at the present time
topknot	n.	headdress consisting of a decorative ribbon or bow worn in the hair
topknot	n.	showy crest or knot of hair or feathers
topless	adj.	having no top
topless	adj.	having the breasts uncovered or featuring such nudity
topmast	n.	the mast next above a lower mast and topmost in a fore-and-aft rig
topmost	adj.	at or nearest to the top
topnotch	adj.	of the highest quality
topographic	adj.	concerned with topography
topographical	adj.	concerned with topography
topography	n.	the configuration of a surface and the relations among its man-made and natural features
topography	n.	precise detailed study of the surface features of a region
topological	adj.	of or relating to topology
topology	n.	topographic study of a given place (especially the history of the place as indicated by its topography)
topology	n.	the study of anatomy based on regions or divisions of the body and emphasizing the relations between various structures (muscles and nerves and arteries etc.) in that region
topology	n.	the branch of pure mathematics that deals only with the properties of a figure X that hold for every figure into which X can be transformed with a one-to-one correspondence that is continuous in both directions
topology	n.	the configuration of a communication network
topped	v.	be superior or better than some standard
topped	v.	pass by, over, or under without making contact
topped	v.	be at the top of or constitute the top or highest point
topped	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
topped	v.	provide with a top or finish the top (of a structure)
topped	v.	reach or ascend the top of
topped	v.	strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin
topped	v.	cut the top off
topped	v.	be the culminating event
topped	v.	finish up or conclude
topped	adj.	having a top of a specified character
topper	n.	a worker who makes or adds the top to something
topper	n.	a worker who cuts tops off (of trees or vegetables etc.)
topper	n.	the person who is most outstanding or excellent; someone who tops all others
topper	n.	an exceedingly good witticism that surpasses all that have gone before
topper	n.	a woman's short coat
topper	n.	a man's hat with a tall crown; usually covered with silk or with beaver fur
topping	n.	a flavorful addition on top of a dish
topping	v.	be superior or better than some standard
topping	v.	pass by, over, or under without making contact
topping	v.	be at the top of or constitute the top or highest point
topping	v.	be ahead of others; be the first
topping	v.	provide with a top or finish the top (of a structure)
topping	v.	reach or ascend the top of
topping	v.	strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin
topping	v.	cut the top off
topping	v.	be the culminating event
topping	v.	finish up or conclude
topping	adj.	excellent; best possible
topple	v.	fall down, as if collapsing
topple	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
topsail	n.	a sail (or either of a pair of sails) immediately above the lowermost sail of a mast and supported by a topmast
topside	n.	(usually plural) weather deck; the part of a ship's hull that is above the waterline
topsoil	n.	the layer of soil on the surface
topspin	n.	forward spin (usually of a moving ball) that is imparted by an upward stroke
toque	n.	a tall white hat with a pouched crown; worn by chefs
toque	n.	a small round woman's hat
tor	n.	a prominent rock or pile of rocks on a hill
tor	n.	a high rocky hill
torah	n.	the whole body of the Jewish sacred writings and tradition including the oral tradition
torah	n.	the first of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures comprising the first five books of the Hebrew Bible considered as a unit
torah	n.	(Judaism) the scroll of parchment on which the first five books of the Hebrew Scripture is written; is used in a synagogue during services
torahs	n.	the whole body of the Jewish sacred writings and tradition including the oral tradition
torahs	n.	the first of three divisions of the Hebrew Scriptures comprising the first five books of the Hebrew Bible considered as a unit
torahs	n.	(Judaism) the scroll of parchment on which the first five books of the Hebrew Scripture is written; is used in a synagogue during services
torch	n.	a light usually carried in the hand; consists of some flammable substance
torch	n.	tall-stalked very woolly mullein with densely packed yellow flowers; ancient Greeks and Romans dipped the stalks in tallow for funeral torches
torch	n.	a small portable battery-powered electric lamp
torch	n.	a burner that mixes air and gas to produce a very hot flame
torch	v.	burn maliciously, as by arson
torchbearer	n.	a leader in a campaign or movement
torchlight	n.	light from a torch or torches
tore	n.	commonly the lowest molding at the base of a column
tore	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
tore	v.	to separate or be separated by force
tore	v.	move quickly and violently
tore	v.	strip of feathers
tore	v.	fill with tears or shed tears
toreador	n.	someone who fights bulls
torment	n.	unbearable physical pain
torment	n.	extreme mental distress
torment	n.	intense feelings of suffering; acute mental or physical pain
torment	n.	a feeling of intense annoyance caused by being tormented
torment	n.	a severe affliction
torment	n.	the act of harassing someone
torment	v.	torment emotionally or mentally
torment	v.	treat cruelly
torment	v.	subject to torture
tormenting	v.	torment emotionally or mentally
tormenting	v.	treat cruelly
tormenting	v.	subject to torture
tormentor	n.	someone who torments
tormentor	n.	a flat at each side of the stage to prevent the audience from seeing into the wings
torn	v.	separate or cause to separate abruptly
torn	v.	to separate or be separated by force
torn	v.	move quickly and violently
torn	v.	strip of feathers
torn	v.	fill with tears or shed tears
torn	adj.	having edges that are jagged from injury
torn	adj.	disrupted by the pull of contrary forces
tornado	n.	a localized and violently destructive windstorm occurring over land characterized by a funnel-shaped cloud extending toward the ground
tornado	n.	a purified and potent form of cocaine that is smoked rather than snorted; highly addictive
tornadoes	n.	a localized and violently destructive windstorm occurring over land characterized by a funnel-shaped cloud extending toward the ground
tornadoes	n.	a purified and potent form of cocaine that is smoked rather than snorted; highly addictive
toronto	n.	the provincial capital and largest city in Ontario (and the largest city in Canada)
torpedo	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
torpedo	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
torpedo	n.	an explosive device that is set off in an oil well (or a gas well) to start or to increase the flow of oil (or gas)
torpedo	n.	a small firework that consists of a percussion cap and some gravel wrapped in paper; explodes when thrown forcefully against a hard surface
torpedo	n.	a small explosive device that is placed on a railroad track and fires when a train runs over it; the sound of the explosion warns the engineer of danger ahead
torpedo	n.	armament consisting of a long cylindrical self-propelled underwater projectile that detonates on contact with a target
torpedo	n.	any sluggish bottom-dwelling ray of the order Torpediniformes having a rounded body and electric organs on each side of the head capable of emitting strong electric discharges
torpedo	v.	attack or hit with torpedoes
torpedoes	n.	a professional killer who uses a gun
torpedoes	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
torpedoes	n.	an explosive device that is set off in an oil well (or a gas well) to start or to increase the flow of oil (or gas)
torpedoes	n.	a small firework that consists of a percussion cap and some gravel wrapped in paper; explodes when thrown forcefully against a hard surface
torpedoes	n.	a small explosive device that is placed on a railroad track and fires when a train runs over it; the sound of the explosion warns the engineer of danger ahead
torpedoes	n.	armament consisting of a long cylindrical self-propelled underwater projectile that detonates on contact with a target
torpedoes	n.	any sluggish bottom-dwelling ray of the order Torpediniformes having a rounded body and electric organs on each side of the head capable of emitting strong electric discharges
torpedoes	v.	attack or hit with torpedoes
torpid	adj.	slow and apathetic
torpid	adj.	in a condition of biological rest or suspended animation
torpidity	n.	a state of motor and mental inactivity with a partial suspension of sensibility
torpidity	n.	inactivity resulting from lethargy and lack of vigor or energy
torpor	n.	a state of motor and mental inactivity with a partial suspension of sensibility
torpor	n.	inactivity resulting from lethargy and lack of vigor or energy
torque	n.	a twisting force
torquemada	n.	the Spaniard who as Grand Inquisitor was responsible for the death of thousands of Jews and suspected witches during the Spanish Inquisition (1420-1498)
torrent	n.	a heavy rain
torrent	n.	a violently fast stream of water (or other liquid)
torrent	n.	an overwhelming number or amount
torrential	adj.	relating to or resulting from the action of a torrent
torrential	adj.	resembling a torrent in force and abundance; ; ; - Winthrop Sargeant
torrential	adj.	pouring in abundance
torricelli	n.	Italian physicist who invented the mercury barometer (1608-1647)
torrid	adj.	characterized by intense emotion
torrid	adj.	emotionally charged and vigorously energetic
torrid	adj.	extremely hot
torridity	n.	extreme heat
torsion	n.	a tortuous and twisted shape or position
torsion	n.	a twisting force
torso	n.	the body excluding the head and neck and limbs
tort	n.	(law) any wrongdoing for which an action for damages may be brought
torte	n.	rich cake usually covered with cream and fruit or nuts; originated in Austria
tortellini	n.	small ring-shaped stuffed pasta
tortilla	n.	thin unleavened pancake made from cornmeal or wheat flour
tortoise	n.	usually herbivorous land turtles having clawed elephant-like limbs; worldwide in arid area except Australia and Antarctica
tortoiseshell	n.	the mottled horny substance of the shell of some turtles
tortoiseshell	n.	brilliantly colored; larvae feed on nettles
tortoiseshell	n.	a cat having black and cream-colored and yellowish markings
tortuous	adj.	highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - Sir Walter Scott
tortuous	adj.	marked by repeated turns and bends
tortuous	adj.	not straightforward
tortuousness	n.	a tortuous and twisted shape or position
tortuousness	n.	puzzling complexity
torture	n.	extreme mental distress
torture	n.	unbearable physical pain
torture	n.	intense feelings of suffering; acute mental or physical pain
torture	n.	the act of distorting something so it seems to mean something it was not intended to mean
torture	n.	the deliberate, systematic, or wanton infliction of physical or mental suffering by one or more persons in an attempt to force another person to yield information or to make a confession or for any other reason
torture	v.	torment emotionally or mentally
torture	v.	subject to torture
torturer	n.	someone who inflicts severe physical pain (usually for punishment or coercion)
torturous	adj.	extremely painful
torus	n.	a ring-shaped surface generated by rotating a circle around an axis that does not intersect the circle
torus	n.	commonly the lowest molding at the base of a column
tory	n.	an American who favored the British side during the American Revolution
tory	n.	a member of political party in Great Britain that has been known as the Conservative Party since 1832; was the opposition party to the Whigs
tory	n.	a supporter of traditional political and social institutions against the forces of reform; a political conservative
toscanini	n.	Italian conductor of many orchestras worldwide (1867-1957)
tosh	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
toss	n.	the act of flipping a coin
toss	n.	(sports) the act of throwing the ball to another member of your team
toss	n.	an abrupt movement
toss	v.	throw or toss with a light motion
toss	v.	lightly throw to see which side comes up
toss	v.	throw carelessly
toss	v.	move or stir about violently
toss	v.	throw or cast away
toss	v.	agitate
tossup	n.	an unpredictable phenomenon
tot	n.	a small amount (especially of a drink)
tot	n.	a young child
tot	v.	determine the sum of
total	n.	the whole amount
total	n.	a quantity obtained by the addition of a group of numbers
total	v.	add up in number or quantity
total	v.	determine the sum of
total	v.	damage beyond the point of repair
total	adj.	constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
total	adj.	complete in extent or degree and in every particular
totalitarian	n.	an adherent of totalitarian principles or totalitarian government
totalitarian	adj.	characterized by a government in which the political authority exercises absolute and centralized control; - Arthur M.Schlesinger, Jr.
totalitarian	adj.	of or relating to the principles of totalitarianism according to which the state regulates every realm of life
totalitarianism	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
totalitarianism	n.	the principle of complete and unrestricted power in government
totality	n.	the state of being total and complete
totality	n.	the quality of being complete and indiscriminate
totality	n.	the whole amount
totalizator	n.	computer that registers bets and divides the total amount bet among those who won
tote	n.	a capacious bag or basket
tote	v.	carry with difficulty
totem	n.	a clan or tribe identified by their kinship to a common totemic object
totem	n.	emblem consisting of an object such as an animal or plant; serves as the symbol of a family or clan (especially among American Indians)
totemic	adj.	relating to totemism
totted	v.	determine the sum of
totter	v.	move without being stable, as if threatening to fall
totter	v.	walk unsteadily
totter	v.	move unsteadily, with a rocking motion
totterer	n.	someone who walks unsteadily as if about to fall
totting	v.	determine the sum of
toucan	n.	brilliantly colored arboreal fruit-eating bird of tropical America having a very large thin-walled beak
touch	n.	the event of something coming in contact with the body
touch	n.	the faculty by which external objects or forces are perceived through contact with the body (especially the hands)
touch	n.	a suggestion of some quality
touch	n.	a distinguishing style
touch	n.	the act of putting two things together with no space between them
touch	n.	a slight but appreciable amount
touch	n.	a communicative interaction
touch	n.	a slight attack of illness
touch	n.	the act of soliciting money (as a gift or loan)
touch	n.	the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin
touch	n.	deftness in handling matters
touch	n.	the feel of mechanical action
touch	v.	make physical contact with, come in contact with
touch	v.	perceive via the tactile sense
touch	v.	affect emotionally
touch	v.	be relevant to
touch	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
touch	v.	have an effect upon
touch	v.	deal with; usually used with a form of negation
touch	v.	cause to be in brief contact with
touch	v.	to extend as far as
touch	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
touch	v.	tamper with
touch	v.	make a more or less disguised reference to
touch	v.	comprehend
touch	v.	consume
touch	v.	color lightly
touchdown	n.	a score in American football; being in possession of the ball across the opponents' goal line
touchdown	n.	a landing (as the wheels touch the landing field); especially of airplanes
touched	v.	make physical contact with, come in contact with
touched	v.	perceive via the tactile sense
touched	v.	affect emotionally
touched	v.	be relevant to
touched	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
touched	v.	have an effect upon
touched	v.	deal with; usually used with a form of negation
touched	v.	cause to be in brief contact with
touched	v.	to extend as far as
touched	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
touched	v.	tamper with
touched	v.	make a more or less disguised reference to
touched	v.	comprehend
touched	v.	consume
touched	v.	color lightly
touched	adj.	having come into contact
touched	adj.	being excited or provoked to the expression of an emotion
touched	adj.	slightly insane
touchily	adv.	in a touchy manner
touchiness	n.	feeling easily irritated
touching	n.	the event of something coming in contact with the body
touching	n.	the act of putting two things together with no space between them
touching	v.	make physical contact with, come in contact with
touching	v.	perceive via the tactile sense
touching	v.	affect emotionally
touching	v.	be relevant to
touching	v.	be in direct physical contact with; make contact
touching	v.	have an effect upon
touching	v.	deal with; usually used with a form of negation
touching	v.	cause to be in brief contact with
touching	v.	to extend as far as
touching	v.	be equal to in quality or ability
touching	v.	tamper with
touching	v.	make a more or less disguised reference to
touching	v.	comprehend
touching	v.	consume
touching	v.	color lightly
touching	adj.	arousing affect
touchline	n.	either of the sidelines in soccer or rugby
touchscreen	n.	a computer display that enables the user to interact with the computer by touching areas on the screen
touchstone	n.	a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated
touchy	adj.	quick to take offense
touchy	adj.	difficult to handle; requiring great tact
tough	n.	someone who learned to fight in the streets rather than being formally trained in the sport of boxing
tough	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
tough	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
tough	adj.	not given to gentleness or sentimentality
tough	adj.	very difficult; severely testing stamina or resolution
tough	adj.	physically toughened
tough	adj.	substantially made or constructed
tough	adj.	violent and lawless
tough	adj.	feeling physical discomfort or pain (`tough' is occasionally used colloquially for `bad')
tough	adj.	resistant to cutting or chewing
tough	adj.	unfortunate or hard to bear
tough	adj.	making great mental demands; hard to comprehend or solve or believe
toughen	v.	make tough or tougher
toughie	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
toughie	n.	a particularly difficult or baffling question or problem
toughness	n.	enduring strength and energy
toughness	n.	the property of being big and strong
toughness	n.	the elasticity and hardness of a metal object; its ability to absorb considerable energy before cracking
toughness	n.	impressive difficulty
toughs	n.	someone who learned to fight in the streets rather than being formally trained in the sport of boxing
toughs	n.	an aggressive and violent young criminal
toughs	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
toulouse	n.	a city on the Garonne River in southern France to the southeast of Bordeaux; a cultural center of medieval Europe
toupee	n.	a small hairpiece to cover partial baldness
tour	n.	a journey or route all the way around a particular place or area
tour	n.	a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else)
tour	n.	a period of time spent in military service
tour	v.	make a tour of a certain place
tourism	n.	the business of providing services to tourists
tourist	n.	someone who travels for pleasure
touristy	adj.	visited by throngs of tourists
tourmaline	n.	a mineral that is a complex borosilicate and hydroxide of aluminum containing iron and magnesium and calcium and lithium and sodium; it is usually black but occurs in transparent colored forms that are used as gemstones
tournament	n.	a sporting competition in which contestants play a series of games to decide the winner
tournament	n.	a series of jousts between knights contesting for a prize
tourney	n.	a sporting competition in which contestants play a series of games to decide the winner
tourney	v.	engage in a tourney
tourniquet	n.	bandage that stops the flow of blood from an artery by applying pressure
tousle	v.	disarrange or rumple; dishevel
tout	n.	someone who buys tickets to an event in order to resell them at a profit
tout	n.	someone who advertises for customers in an especially brazen way
tout	n.	one who sells advice about gambling or speculation (especially at the racetrack)
tout	v.	advertize in strongly positive terms
tout	v.	show off
tow	n.	the act of hauling something (as a vehicle) by means of a hitch or rope
tow	v.	drag behind
towboat	n.	a powerful small boat designed to pull or push larger ships
towel	n.	a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping
towel	v.	wipe with a towel
toweling	n.	any of various fabrics (linen or cotton) used to make towels
toweling	v.	wipe with a towel
tower	n.	a structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone or be attached to a larger building
tower	n.	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower
tower	n.	a powerful small boat designed to pull or push larger ships
tower	v.	appear very large or occupy a commanding position
towhead	n.	a person with light blond hair
towhee	n.	any of numerous long-tailed American finches
towline	n.	(nautical) a rope used in towing
town	n.	an urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller than a city
town	n.	the people living in a municipality smaller than a city
town	n.	an administrative division of a county
town	n.	United States architect who was noted for his design and construction of truss bridges (1784-1844)
townee	n.	townsman unacquainted with country life especially a slick and flashy male city dweller
townes	n.	United States physicist who developed the laser and maser principles for producing high-intensity radiation (1915-)
townie	n.	resident of a college town not affiliated with the college
townsend	n.	United States social reformer who proposed an old-age pension sponsored by the federal government; his plan was a precursor to Social Security (1867-1960)
townsfolk	n.	the people living in a municipality smaller than a city
township	n.	an administrative division of a county
townsman	n.	a person from the same town as yourself
townsman	n.	a resident of a town or city
townsmen	n.	a person from the same town as yourself
townsmen	n.	a resident of a town or city
townspeople	n.	the people living in a municipality smaller than a city
towpath	n.	a path along a canal or river used by animals towing boats
towpaths	n.	a path along a canal or river used by animals towing boats
towrope	n.	(nautical) a rope used in towing
toxemia	n.	an abnormal condition of pregnancy characterized by hypertension and edema and protein in the urine
toxemia	n.	blood poisoning caused by bacterial toxic substances in the blood
toxic	adj.	of or relating to or caused by a toxin or poison
toxicity	n.	the degree to which something is poisonous
toxicity	n.	grave harmfulness or deadliness
toxicological	adj.	of or relating to toxicology
toxicologist	n.	one who studies the nature and effects of poisons and their treatment
toxicology	n.	the branch of pharmacology that deals with the nature and effects and treatments of poisons
toxin	n.	a poisonous substance produced during the metabolism and growth of certain microorganisms and some higher plant and animal species
toy	n.	an artifact designed to be played with
toy	n.	a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier)
toy	n.	a device regarded as providing amusement
toy	n.	a copy that reproduces a person or thing in greatly reduced size
toy	n.	any of several breeds of very small dogs kept purely as pets
toy	v.	behave carelessly or indifferently
toy	v.	manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination
toy	v.	engage in an activity as if it were a game rather than take it seriously
toynbee	n.	English historian who studied the rise and fall of civilizations looking for cyclical patterns (1889-1975)
toyota	n.	an industrial city of Japan in southern Honshu
trabecula	n.	rod-shaped structures of fibrous tissue that divide an organ into parts (as in the penis) or stabilize the structure of an organ (as in the spleen)
trabecular	adj.	of or relating to trabeculae
trace	n.	a just detectable amount
trace	n.	an indication that something has been present
trace	n.	a suggestion of some quality
trace	n.	a drawing created by superimposing a semitransparent sheet of paper on the original image and copying on it the lines of the original image
trace	n.	either of two lines that connect a horse's harness to a wagon or other vehicle or to a whiffletree
trace	n.	a visible mark (as a footprint) left by the passage of person or animal or vehicle
trace	v.	follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something
trace	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
trace	v.	to go back over again
trace	v.	pursue or chase relentlessly
trace	v.	discover traces of
trace	v.	make one's course or travel along a path; travel or pass over, around, or along
trace	v.	copy by following the lines of the original drawing on a transparent sheet placed upon it; make a tracing of
trace	v.	read with difficulty
traceable	adj.	(usually followed by `to') able to be traced to
traceable	adj.	capable of being traced or tracked
tracer	n.	an investigator who is employed to find missing persons or missing goods
tracer	n.	an instrument used to make tracings
tracer	n.	(radiology) any radioactive isotope introduced into the body to study metabolism or other biological processes
tracer	n.	ammunition whose flight can be observed by a trail of smoke
tracery	n.	decoration consisting of an open pattern of interlacing ribs
trachea	n.	membranous tube with cartilaginous rings that conveys inhaled air from the larynx to the bronchi
trachea	n.	one of the tubules forming the respiratory system of most insects and many arachnids
tracheae	n.	membranous tube with cartilaginous rings that conveys inhaled air from the larynx to the bronchi
tracheae	n.	one of the tubules forming the respiratory system of most insects and many arachnids
tracheal	adj.	relating to or resembling or functioning like a trachea
tracheotomy	n.	a surgical operation that creates an opening into the trachea with a tube inserted to provide a passage for air; performed when the pharynx is obstructed by edema or cancer or other causes
tracing	n.	the act of drawing a plan or diagram or outline
tracing	n.	a drawing created by superimposing a semitransparent sheet of paper on the original image and copying on it the lines of the original image
tracing	n.	the discovery and description of the course of development of something
tracing	v.	follow, discover, or ascertain the course of development of something
tracing	v.	make a mark or lines on a surface
tracing	v.	to go back over again
tracing	v.	pursue or chase relentlessly
tracing	v.	discover traces of
tracing	v.	make one's course or travel along a path; travel or pass over, around, or along
tracing	v.	copy by following the lines of the original drawing on a transparent sheet placed upon it; make a tracing of
tracing	v.	read with difficulty
track	n.	a line or route along which something travels or moves
track	n.	evidence pointing to a possible solution
track	n.	a pair of parallel rails providing a runway for wheels
track	n.	a course over which races are run
track	n.	a distinct selection of music from a recording or a compact disc
track	n.	an endless metal belt on which tracked vehicles move over the ground
track	n.	(computer science) one of the circular magnetic paths on a magnetic disk that serve as a guide for writing and reading data
track	n.	a groove on a phonograph recording
track	n.	a bar or pair of parallel bars of rolled steel making the railway along which railroad cars or other vehicles can roll
track	n.	any road or path affording passage especially a rough one
track	n.	the act of participating in an athletic competition involving running on a track
track	v.	carry on the feet and deposit
track	v.	observe or plot the moving path of something
track	v.	go after with the intent to catch
track	v.	travel across or pass over
track	v.	make tracks upon
trackball	n.	an electronic device consisting of a rotatable ball in a housing; used to position the cursor and move images on a computer screen
tracker	n.	someone who tracks down game
trackless	adj.	having no tracks
trackless	adj.	lacking pathways
tract	n.	an extended area of land
tract	n.	a system of body parts that together serve some particular purpose
tract	n.	a brief treatise on a subject of interest; published in the form of a booklet
tract	n.	a bundle of myelinated nerve fibers following a path through the brain
tractability	n.	the trait of being easily persuaded
tractable	adj.	easily managed (controlled or taught or molded); ; - Samuel Butler
tractable	adj.	readily reacting to suggestions and influences
traction	n.	the friction between a body and the surface on which it moves (as between an automobile tire and the road)
traction	n.	(orthopedics) the act of pulling on a bone or limb (as in a fracture) to relieve pressure or align parts in a special way during healing
tractor	n.	a wheeled vehicle with large wheels; used in farming and other applications
tractor	n.	a truck that has a cab but no body; used for pulling large trailers or vans
tracy	n.	United States film actor who appeared in many films with Katharine Hepburn (1900-1967)
trad	n.	traditional jazz as revived in the 1950s
trade	n.	the commercial exchange (buying and selling on domestic or international markets) of goods and services
trade	n.	the skilled practice of a practical occupation
trade	n.	the business given to a commercial establishment by its customers
trade	n.	a particular instance of buying or selling
trade	n.	people who perform a particular kind of skilled work
trade	n.	steady winds blowing from east to west above and below the equator
trade	n.	an equal exchange
trade	v.	engage in the trade of
trade	v.	turn in as payment or part payment for a purchase
trade	v.	be traded at a certain price or under certain conditions
trade	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
trade	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
trademark	n.	a distinctive characteristic or attribute
trademark	n.	a formally registered symbol identifying the manufacturer or distributor of a product
trademark	v.	mark with a brand or trademark
trademark	v.	register the trademark of
trader	n.	someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold
tradesman	n.	a merchant who owns or manages a shop
tradesmen	n.	a merchant who owns or manages a shop
tradespeople	n.	people engaged in trade
trading	n.	buying or selling securities or commodities
trading	v.	engage in the trade of
trading	v.	turn in as payment or part payment for a purchase
trading	v.	be traded at a certain price or under certain conditions
trading	v.	exchange or give (something) in exchange for
trading	v.	do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood
tradition	n.	an inherited pattern of thought or action
tradition	n.	a specific practice of long standing
traditional	adj.	consisting of or derived from tradition
traditional	adj.	pertaining to time-honored orthodox doctrines
traditionalism	n.	strict adherence to traditional methods or teachings
traditionalism	n.	adherence to tradition (especially in cultural or religious matters)
traditionalism	n.	the doctrine that all knowledge was originally derived by divine revelation and that it is transmitted by traditions
traditionalist	n.	one who adheres to traditional views
traditionalist	adj.	stubbornly conservative and narrow-minded
traduce	v.	speak unfavorably about
traducer	n.	one who attacks the reputation of another by slander or libel
trafalgar	n.	a naval battle in 1805 off the southwest coast of Spain; the French and Spanish fleets were defeated by the English under Nelson (who was mortally wounded)
traffic	n.	the aggregation of things (pedestrians or vehicles) coming and going in a particular locality during a specified period of time
traffic	n.	buying and selling; especially illicit trade
traffic	n.	the amount of activity over a communication system during a given period of time
traffic	n.	social or verbal interchange (usually followed by `with')
traffic	v.	deal illegally
traffic	v.	trade or deal a commodity
trafficked	v.	deal illegally
trafficked	v.	trade or deal a commodity
trafficker	n.	someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money
trafficking	v.	deal illegally
trafficking	v.	trade or deal a commodity
tragedian	n.	a writer (especially a playwright) who writes tragedies
tragedian	n.	an actor who specializes in tragic roles
tragedienne	n.	an actress who specializes in tragic roles
tragedy	n.	an event resulting in great loss and misfortune
tragedy	n.	drama in which the protagonist is overcome by some superior force or circumstance; excites terror or pity
tragic	adj.	very sad; especially involving grief or death or destruction
tragic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of tragedy
tragically	adv.	in a tragic manner; with tragic consequences
tragicomedy	n.	a dramatic composition involving elements of both tragedy and comedy usually with the tragic predominating
tragicomedy	n.	a comedy with serious elements or overtones
tragicomic	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of tragicomedy
tragicomic	adj.	manifesting both tragic and comic aspects; - B.R.Redman
tragicomic	adj.	having pathetic as well as ludicrous characteristics; --Joseph Conrad
trail	n.	a track or mark left by something that has passed
trail	n.	a path or track roughly blazed through wild or hilly country
trail	n.	evidence pointing to a possible solution
trail	v.	to lag or linger behind
trail	v.	go after with the intent to catch
trail	v.	move, proceed, or walk draggingly or slowly
trail	v.	hang down so as to drag along the ground
trail	v.	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground
trailblazer	n.	someone who marks a trail by leaving blazes on trees
trailblazer	n.	someone who helps to open up a new line of research or technology or art
trailer	n.	someone who takes more time than necessary; someone who lags behind
trailer	n.	an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will appear in the near future
trailer	n.	a large transport conveyance designed to be pulled by a truck or tractor
trailer	n.	a wheeled vehicle that can be pulled by a car or truck and is equipped for occupancy
train	n.	public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and drawn by a locomotive
train	n.	a sequentially ordered set of things or events or ideas in which each successive member is related to the preceding
train	n.	a procession (of wagons or mules or camels) traveling together in single file
train	n.	a series of consequences wrought by an event
train	n.	piece of cloth forming the long back section of a gown that is drawn along the floor
train	n.	wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed
train	v.	create by training and teaching
train	v.	undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession
train	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
train	v.	educate for a future role or function
train	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
train	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
train	v.	teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports
train	v.	exercise in order to prepare for an event or competition
train	v.	cause to grow in a certain way by tying and pruning it
train	v.	travel by rail or train
train	v.	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground
trained	v.	create by training and teaching
trained	v.	undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession
trained	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
trained	v.	educate for a future role or function
trained	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
trained	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
trained	v.	teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports
trained	v.	exercise in order to prepare for an event or competition
trained	v.	cause to grow in a certain way by tying and pruning it
trained	v.	travel by rail or train
trained	v.	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground
trained	adj.	shaped or conditioned or disciplined by training; often used as a combining form
trainee	n.	someone who is being trained
trainer	n.	one who trains other persons or animals
trainer	n.	simulator consisting of a machine on the ground that simulates the conditions of flying a plane
training	n.	activity leading to skilled behavior
training	n.	the result of good upbringing (especially knowledge of correct social behavior)
training	v.	create by training and teaching
training	v.	undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular role, function, or profession
training	v.	develop (children's) behavior by instruction and practice; especially to teach self-control
training	v.	educate for a future role or function
training	v.	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment
training	v.	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards
training	v.	teach and supervise (someone); act as a trainer or coach (to), as in sports
training	v.	exercise in order to prepare for an event or competition
training	v.	cause to grow in a certain way by tying and pruning it
training	v.	travel by rail or train
training	v.	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground
trainload	n.	quantity that can be carried by a train
trainman	n.	an employee of a railroad
trainmen	n.	an employee of a railroad
traipse	v.	walk or tramp about
trait	n.	a distinguishing feature of your personal nature
traitor	n.	someone who betrays his country by committing treason
traitor	n.	a person who says one thing and does another
traitorous	adj.	having the character of, or characteristic of, a traitor
trajan	n.	Roman Emperor and adoptive son of Nerva; extended the Roman Empire to the east and conducted an extensive program of building (53-117)
trajectory	n.	the path followed by an object moving through space
tram	n.	a conveyance that transports passengers or freight in carriers suspended from cables and supported by a series of towers
tram	n.	a four-wheeled wagon that runs on tracks in a mine
tram	n.	a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity
tram	v.	travel by tram
tramcar	n.	a four-wheeled wagon that runs on tracks in a mine
tramcar	n.	a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity
tramlines	n.	the track on which trams or streetcars run
trammed	v.	travel by tram
trammel	n.	a fishing net with three layers; the outer two are coarse mesh and the loose inner layer is fine mesh
trammel	n.	an adjustable pothook set in a fireplace
trammel	n.	a restraint that is used to teach a horse to amble
trammel	n.	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner)
trammel	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
trammel	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
trammeled	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
trammeled	v.	place limits on (extent or access)
tramming	v.	travel by tram
tramp	n.	a disreputable vagrant
tramp	n.	a person who engages freely in promiscuous sex
tramp	n.	a foot traveler; someone who goes on an extended walk (for pleasure)
tramp	n.	a heavy footfall
tramp	n.	a commercial steamer for hire; one having no regular schedule
tramp	n.	a long walk usually for exercise or pleasure
tramp	v.	travel on foot, especially on a walking expedition
tramp	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
tramp	v.	cross on foot
tramp	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
tramper	n.	someone who walks with a heavy noisy gait or who stamps on the ground
tramper	n.	a foot traveler; someone who goes on an extended walk (for pleasure)
trample	n.	the sound of heavy treading or stomping
trample	v.	tread or stomp heavily or roughly
trample	v.	injure by trampling or as if by trampling
trample	v.	walk on and flatten
trampler	n.	someone who injures by trampling
trampler	n.	someone who walks with a heavy noisy gait or who stamps on the ground
trampoline	n.	gymnastic apparatus consisting of a strong canvas sheet attached with springs to a metal frame; used for tumbling
tramway	n.	a conveyance that transports passengers or freight in carriers suspended from cables and supported by a series of towers
tramway	n.	the track on which trams or streetcars run
trance	n.	a psychological state induced by (or as if induced by) a magical incantation
trance	n.	a state of mind in which consciousness is fragile and voluntary action is poor or missing; a state resembling deep sleep
trance	v.	attract; cause to be enamored
tranche	n.	a portion of something (especially money)
tranquil	adj.	(of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves
tranquil	adj.	not agitated; without losing self-possession
tranquility	n.	a disposition free from stress or emotion
tranquility	n.	an untroubled state; free from disturbances
tranquility	n.	a state of peace and quiet
tranquilize	v.	make calm or still
tranquilize	v.	cause to be calm or quiet as by administering a sedative to
tranquilizer	n.	a drug used to reduce stress or tension without reducing mental clarity
transact	v.	conduct business
transaction	n.	the act of transacting within or between groups (as carrying on commercial activities)
transactor	n.	someone who conducts or carries on business or negotiations
transatlantic	adj.	crossing the Atlantic Ocean
transcaucasia	n.	a geographical region to the south of the Caucasus Mountains and to the north of Turkey that comprises Georgia and Armenia and Azerbaijan
transcend	v.	be greater in scope or size than some standard
transcend	v.	be superior or better than some standard
transcendence	n.	a state of being or existence above and beyond the limits of material experience
transcendence	n.	the state of excelling or surpassing or going beyond usual limits
transcendent	adj.	exceeding or surpassing usual limits especially in excellence
transcendent	adj.	beyond and outside the ordinary range of human experience or understanding
transcendental	adj.	existing outside of or not in accordance with nature; -Aldous Huxley
transcendental	adj.	of or characteristic of a system of philosophy emphasizing the intuitive and spiritual above the empirical and material
transcendentalism	n.	any system of philosophy emphasizing the intuitive and spiritual above the empirical and material
transcendentalist	n.	advocate of transcendentalism
transcontinental	adj.	spanning or crossing or on the farther side of a continent
transcribe	v.	write out from speech, notes, etc.
transcribe	v.	rewrite in a different script
transcribe	v.	rewrite or arrange a piece of music for an instrument or medium other than that originally intended
transcribe	v.	make a phonetic transcription of
transcribe	v.	convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA
transcriber	n.	a person who translates written messages from one language to another
transcriber	n.	someone who rewrites in a different script
transcriber	n.	someone who represents the sounds of speech in phonetic notation
transcriber	n.	someone who makes a written version of spoken material
transcriber	n.	a musician who adapts a composition for particular voices or instruments or for another style of performance
transcript	n.	something that has been transcribed; a written record (usually typewritten) of dictated or recorded speech
transcript	n.	a reproduction of a written record (e.g. of a legal or school record)
transcription	n.	something written, especially copied from one medium to another, as a typewritten version of dictation
transcription	n.	(genetics) the organic process whereby the DNA sequence in a gene is copied into mRNA; the process whereby a base sequence of messenger RNA is synthesized on a template of complementary DNA
transcription	n.	a sound or television recording (e.g., from a broadcast to a tape recording)
transcription	n.	the act of arranging and adapting a piece of music
transcription	n.	the act of making a record (especially an audio record)
transducer	n.	an electrical device that converts one form of energy into another
transduction	n.	(genetics) the process of transfering genetic material from one cell to another by a plasmid or bacteriophage
transduction	n.	the process whereby a transducer accepts energy in one form and gives back related energy in a different form
transect	v.	cut across or divide transversely
transept	n.	structure forming the transverse part of a cruciform church; crosses the nave at right angles
transfer	n.	the act of moving something from one location to another
transfer	n.	someone who transfers or is transferred from one position to another
transfer	n.	the act of transfering something from one form to another
transfer	n.	a ticket that allows a passenger to change conveyances
transfer	n.	application of a skill learned in one situation to a different but similar situation
transfer	n.	transferring ownership
transfer	v.	transfer somebody to a different position or location of work
transfer	v.	move from one place to another
transfer	v.	lift and reset in another soil or situation
transfer	v.	move around
transfer	v.	cause to change ownership
transfer	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
transfer	v.	send from one person or place to another
transfer	v.	shift the position or location of, as for business, legal, educational, or military purposes
transfer	v.	transfer from one place or period to another
transference	n.	(psychoanalysis) the process whereby emotions are passed on or displaced from one person to another; during psychoanalysis the displacement of feelings toward others (usually the parents) is onto the analyst
transference	n.	transferring ownership
transference	n.	the act of transfering something from one form to another
transferred	v.	transfer somebody to a different position or location of work
transferred	v.	move from one place to another
transferred	v.	lift and reset in another soil or situation
transferred	v.	move around
transferred	v.	cause to change ownership
transferred	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
transferred	v.	send from one person or place to another
transferred	v.	shift the position or location of, as for business, legal, educational, or military purposes
transferred	v.	transfer from one place or period to another
transferring	v.	transfer somebody to a different position or location of work
transferring	v.	move from one place to another
transferring	v.	lift and reset in another soil or situation
transferring	v.	move around
transferring	v.	cause to change ownership
transferring	v.	change from one vehicle or transportation line to another
transferring	v.	send from one person or place to another
transferring	v.	shift the position or location of, as for business, legal, educational, or military purposes
transferring	v.	transfer from one place or period to another
transfiguration	n.	(Christianity) a church festival held in commemoration of the Transfiguration of Jesus
transfiguration	n.	(New Testament) the sudden emanation of radiance from the person of Jesus
transfiguration	n.	a striking change in appearance or character or circumstances
transfiguration	n.	the act of transforming so as to exalt or glorify
transfigure	v.	elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration
transfigure	v.	change completely the nature or appearance of
transfix	v.	to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe
transfix	v.	pierce with a sharp stake or point
transform	v.	subject to a mathematical transformation
transform	v.	change or alter in form, appearance, or nature
transform	v.	change in outward structure or looks
transform	v.	change from one form or medium into another
transform	v.	convert (one form of energy) to another
transform	v.	change (a bacterial cell) into a genetically distinct cell by the introduction of DNA from another cell of the same or closely related species
transform	v.	increase or decrease (an alternating current or voltage)
transformation	n.	a qualitative change
transformation	n.	(mathematics) a function that changes the position or direction of the axes of a coordinate system
transformation	n.	a rule describing the conversion of one syntactic structure into another related syntactic structure
transformation	n.	(genetics) modification of a cell or bacterium by the uptake and incorporation of exogenous DNA
transformation	n.	the act of changing in form or shape or appearance
transformer	n.	an electrical device by which alternating current of one voltage is changed to another voltage
transfuse	v.	impart gradually
transfuse	v.	pour out of one vessel into another
transfuse	v.	treat by applying evacuated cups to the patient's skin
transfuse	v.	give a transfusion (e.g., of blood) to
transfusion	n.	the introduction of blood or blood plasma into a vein or artery
transfusion	n.	the action of pouring a liquid from one vessel to another
transgender	adj.	involving a partial or full reversal of gender
transgress	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
transgress	v.	spread over land, especially along a subsiding shoreline
transgress	v.	commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law
transgress	v.	pass beyond (limits or boundaries)
transgression	n.	the act of transgressing; the violation of a law or a duty or moral principle
transgression	n.	the spreading of the sea over land as evidenced by the deposition of marine strata over terrestrial strata
transgression	n.	the action of going beyond or overstepping some boundary or limit
transgressor	n.	someone who transgresses; someone who violates a law or command
transience	n.	an impermanence that suggests the inevitability of ending or dying
transience	n.	the attribute of being brief or fleeting
transiency	n.	an impermanence that suggests the inevitability of ending or dying
transient	n.	one who stays for only a short time
transient	n.	(physics) a short-lived oscillation in a system caused by a sudden change of voltage or current or load
transient	adj.	of a mental act; causing effects outside the mind
transient	adj.	lasting a very short time
transistor	n.	a semiconductor device capable of amplification
transistorize	v.	equip (an electronic circuit or device) with transistors
transit	n.	a surveying instrument for measuring horizontal and vertical angles, consisting of a small telescope mounted on a tripod
transit	n.	a facility consisting of the means and equipment necessary for the movement of passengers or goods
transit	n.	a journey usually by ship
transit	v.	make a passage or journey from one place to another
transit	v.	pass across (a sign or house of the zodiac) or pass across (the disk of a celestial body or the meridian of a place)
transit	v.	revolve (the telescope of a surveying transit) about its horizontal transverse axis in order to reverse its direction
transit	v.	cause or enable to pass through
transition	n.	the act of passing from one state or place to the next
transition	n.	an event that results in a transformation
transition	n.	a change from one place or state or subject or stage to another
transition	n.	a musical passage moving from one key to another
transition	n.	a passage that connects a topic to one that follows
transition	v.	cause to convert or undergo a transition
transition	v.	make or undergo a transition (from one state or system to another)
transitional	adj.	of or relating to or characterized by transition
transitive	n.	a verb (or verb construction) that requires an object in order to be grammatical
transitive	adj.	designating a verb that requires a direct object to complete the meaning
transitiveness	n.	the grammatical relation created by a transitive verb
transitivity	n.	(logic and mathematics) a relation between three elements such that if it holds between the first and second and it also holds between the second and third it must necessarily hold between the first and third
transitivity	n.	the grammatical relation created by a transitive verb
transitory	adj.	lasting a very short time
translatable	adj.	capable of being put into another form or style or language
translatable	adj.	capable of being changed in substance as if by alchemy
translate	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
translate	v.	change from one form or medium into another
translate	v.	make sense of a language
translate	v.	bring to a certain spiritual state
translate	v.	change the position of (figures or bodies) in space without rotation
translate	v.	be equivalent in effect
translate	v.	be translatable, or be translatable in a certain way
translate	v.	subject to movement in which every part of the body moves parallel to and the same distance as every other point on the body
translate	v.	express, as in simple and less technical language
translate	v.	determine the amino-acid sequence of a protein during its synthesis by using information on the messenger RNA
translated	v.	restate (words) from one language into another language
translated	v.	change from one form or medium into another
translated	v.	make sense of a language
translated	v.	bring to a certain spiritual state
translated	v.	change the position of (figures or bodies) in space without rotation
translated	v.	be equivalent in effect
translated	v.	be translatable, or be translatable in a certain way
translated	v.	subject to movement in which every part of the body moves parallel to and the same distance as every other point on the body
translated	v.	express, as in simple and less technical language
translated	v.	determine the amino-acid sequence of a protein during its synthesis by using information on the messenger RNA
translation	n.	a written communication in a second language having the same meaning as the written communication in a first language
translation	n.	a uniform movement without rotation
translation	n.	the act of changing in form or shape or appearance
translation	n.	(mathematics) a transformation in which the origin of the coordinate system is moved to another position but the direction of each axis remains the same
translation	n.	(genetics) the process whereby genetic information coded in messenger RNA directs the formation of a specific protein at a ribosome in the cytoplasm
translation	n.	rewording something in less technical terminology
translation	n.	the act of uniform movement
translator	n.	a person who translates written messages from one language to another
translator	n.	someone who mediates between speakers of different languages
translator	n.	a program that translates one programming language into another
transliterate	v.	rewrite in a different script
transliteration	n.	a transcription from one alphabet to another
translocation	n.	the transport of dissolved material within a plant
translocation	n.	(genetics) an exchange of chromosome parts
translucence	n.	the quality of allowing light to pass diffusely
translucency	n.	the quality of allowing light to pass diffusely
translucent	adj.	allowing light to pass through diffusely
transmigrate	v.	be born anew in another body after death
transmigrate	v.	move from one country or region to another and settle there
transmigration	n.	the passing of a soul into another body after death
transmissible	adj.	(of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection
transmissible	adj.	occurring among members of a family usually by heredity
transmissible	adj.	inherited or inheritable by established rules (usually legal rules) of descent
transmission	n.	the act of sending a message; causing a message to be transmitted
transmission	n.	communication by means of transmitted signals
transmission	n.	the fraction of radiant energy that passes through a substance
transmission	n.	an incident in which an infectious disease is transmitted
transmission	n.	the gears that transmit power from an automobile engine via the driveshaft to the live axle
transmit	v.	transfer to another
transmit	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
transmit	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
transmit	v.	send from one person or place to another
transmittable	adj.	(of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection
transmittal	n.	the act of sending a message; causing a message to be transmitted
transmittance	n.	the fraction of radiant energy that passes through a substance
transmitted	v.	transfer to another
transmitted	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
transmitted	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
transmitted	v.	send from one person or place to another
transmitted	adj.	occurring among members of a family usually by heredity
transmitter	n.	someone who transmits a message
transmitter	n.	any agent (person or animal or microorganism) that carries and transmits a disease
transmitter	n.	set used to broadcast radio or tv signals
transmitting	n.	the act of sending a message; causing a message to be transmitted
transmitting	v.	transfer to another
transmitting	v.	transmit or serve as the medium for transmission
transmitting	v.	broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television
transmitting	v.	send from one person or place to another
transmogrification	n.	the act of changing into a different form or appearance (especially a fantastic or grotesque one)
transmogrify	v.	change completely the nature or appearance of
transmutation	n.	an act that changes the form or character or substance of something
transmutation	n.	a qualitative change
transmutation	n.	(physics) the change of one chemical element into another (as by nuclear decay or radioactive bombardment)
transmute	v.	change in outward structure or looks
transmute	v.	change or alter in form, appearance, or nature
transmute	v.	alter the nature of (elements)
transnational	adj.	involving or operating in several nations or nationalities
transoceanic	adj.	on or from the other side of an ocean
transom	n.	a window above a door that is usually hinged to a horizontal crosspiece over the door
transom	n.	a horizontal crosspiece across a window or separating a door from a window over it
transparency	n.	permitting the free passage of electromagnetic radiation
transparency	n.	the quality of being clear and transparent
transparency	n.	picture consisting of a positive photograph or drawing on a transparent base; viewed with a projector
transparent	adj.	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
transparent	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
transparent	adj.	free of deceit
transparent	adj.	easily understood or seen through (because of a lack of subtlety)
transpiration	n.	the passage of gases through fine tubes because of differences in pressure or temperature
transpiration	n.	the process of giving off or exhaling water vapor through the skin or mucous membranes
transpiration	n.	the emission of water vapor from the leaves of plants
transpire	v.	pass through the tissue or substance or its pores or interstices, as of gas
transpire	v.	exude water vapor
transpire	v.	come to light; become known
transpire	v.	come about, happen, or occur
transpire	v.	give off (water) through the skin
transplant	n.	(surgery) tissue or organ transplanted from a donor to a recipient; in some cases the patient can be both donor and recipient
transplant	n.	an operation moving an organ from one organism (the donor) to another (the recipient)
transplant	n.	the act of removing something from one location and introducing it in another location
transplant	v.	lift and reset in another soil or situation
transplant	v.	be transplantable
transplant	v.	place the organ of a donor into the body of a recipient
transplant	v.	transfer from one place or period to another
transplantation	n.	an operation moving an organ from one organism (the donor) to another (the recipient)
transplantation	n.	the act of removing something from one location and introducing it in another location
transpolar	adj.	extending across or crossing either pole
transponder	n.	electrical device designed to receive a specific signal and automatically transmit a specific reply
transport	n.	something that serves as a means of transportation
transport	n.	an exchange of molecules (and their kinetic energy and momentum) across the boundary between adjacent layers of a fluid or across cell membranes
transport	n.	the commercial enterprise of moving goods and materials
transport	n.	a state of being carried away by overwhelming emotion; - Charles Dickens
transport	n.	a mechanism that transports magnetic tape across the read/write heads of a tape playback/recorder
transport	n.	the act of moving something from one location to another
transport	v.	move something or somebody around; usually over long distances
transport	v.	move while supporting, either in a vehicle or in one's hands or on one's body
transport	v.	hold spellbound
transport	v.	transport commercially
transport	v.	send from one person or place to another
transportation	n.	a facility consisting of the means and equipment necessary for the movement of passengers or goods
transportation	n.	the act of moving something from one location to another
transportation	n.	the sum charged for riding in a public conveyance
transportation	n.	the United States federal department that institutes and coordinates national transportation programs; created in 1966
transportation	n.	the commercial enterprise of moving goods and materials
transportation	n.	the act of expelling a person from their native land
transporter	n.	a long truck for carrying motor vehicles
transporter	n.	a crane for moving material with dispatch as in loading and unloading ships
transporter	n.	a moving belt that transports objects (as in a factory)
transpose	n.	a matrix formed by interchanging the rows and columns of a given matrix
transpose	v.	change the order or arrangement of
transpose	v.	transfer from one place or period to another
transpose	v.	cause to change places
transpose	v.	transfer a quantity from one side of an equation to the other side reversing its sign, in order to maintain equality
transpose	v.	put (a piece of music) into another key
transpose	v.	exchange positions without a change in value
transpose	v.	change key
transposition	n.	any abnormal position of the organs of the body
transposition	n.	an event in which one thing is substituted for another
transposition	n.	(genetics) a kind of mutation in which a chromosomal segment is transfered to a new position on the same or another chromosome
transposition	n.	(mathematics) the transfer of a quantity from one side of an equation to the other along with a change of sign
transposition	n.	(electricity) a rearrangement of the relative positions of power lines in order to minimize the effects of mutual capacitance and inductance
transposition	n.	the act of reversing the order or place of
transposition	n.	(music) playing in a different key from the key intended; moving the pitch of a piece of music upwards or downwards
transsexual	n.	a person who has undergone a sex change operation
transsexual	n.	a person whose sexual identification is entirely with the opposite sex
transsexual	adj.	overwhelmingly desirous of being, or completely identifying with, the opposite sex
transsexualism	n.	condition in which a person assumes the identity and permanently acts the part of the gender opposite to his or her biological sex
transship	v.	transfer for further transportation from one ship or conveyance to another
transshipment	n.	the transfer from one conveyance to another for shipment
transshipped	v.	transfer for further transportation from one ship or conveyance to another
transshipping	v.	transfer for further transportation from one ship or conveyance to another
transubstantiation	n.	the Roman Catholic doctrine that the whole substance of the bread and the wine changes into the substance of the body and blood of Christ when consecrated in the Eucharist
transubstantiation	n.	an act that changes the form or character or substance of something
transvaal	n.	a province of northeastern South Africa originally inhabited by Africans who spoke Bantu; colonized by the Boers
transversal	adj.	extending or lying across; in a crosswise direction; at right angles to the long axis
transverse	adj.	extending or lying across; in a crosswise direction; at right angles to the long axis
transvestism	n.	the practice of adopting the clothes or the manner or the sexual role of the opposite sex
transvestite	n.	someone who adopts the dress or manner or sexual role of the opposite sex
transvestite	adj.	receiving sexual gratification from wearing clothing of the opposite sex
transylvania	n.	a historical plateau region in northwestern Romania that is separated from the rest of the country by the Transylvanian Alps; originally part of Hungary; incorporated into Romania at the end of World War I
trap	n.	a device in which something (usually an animal) can be caught and penned
trap	n.	drain consisting of a U-shaped section of drainpipe that holds liquid and so prevents a return flow of sewer gas
trap	n.	something (often something deceptively attractive) that catches you unawares
trap	n.	a device to hurl clay pigeons into the air for trapshooters
trap	n.	the act of concealing yourself and lying in wait to attack by surprise
trap	n.	informal terms for the mouth
trap	n.	a light two-wheeled carriage
trap	n.	a hazard on a golf course
trap	v.	place in a confining or embarrassing position
trap	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
trap	v.	hold or catch as if in a trap
trap	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
trapeze	n.	a swing used by circus acrobats
trapezium	n.	a quadrilateral with no parallel sides
trapezium	n.	a multiple star in the constellation of Orion
trapezium	n.	the wrist bone on the thumb side of the hand that articulates with the 1st and 2nd metacarpals
trapezoid	n.	a quadrilateral with two parallel sides
trapezoid	n.	the wrist bone between the trapezium and the capitate bones
trapezoidal	adj.	resembling a trapezoid
trapped	v.	place in a confining or embarrassing position
trapped	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
trapped	v.	hold or catch as if in a trap
trapped	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
trapped	adj.	forced to turn and face attackers
trapper	n.	someone who sets traps for animals (usually to obtain their furs)
trapping	n.	stable gear consisting of a decorated covering for a horse, especially (formerly) for a warhorse
trapping	v.	place in a confining or embarrassing position
trapping	v.	catch in or as if in a trap
trapping	v.	hold or catch as if in a trap
trapping	v.	to hold fast or prevent from moving
trappings	n.	(usually plural) accessory wearing apparel
trappings	n.	stable gear consisting of a decorated covering for a horse, especially (formerly) for a warhorse
trappist	n.	member of an order of monks noted for austerity and a vow of silence
trapshooting	n.	the sport of shooting at clay pigeons that are hurled upward in such a way as to simulate the flight of a bird
trash	n.	worthless material that is to be disposed of
trash	n.	worthless people
trash	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
trash	n.	an amphetamine derivative (trade name Methedrine) used in the form of a crystalline hydrochloride; used as a stimulant to the nervous system and as an appetite suppressant
trash	v.	dispose of (something useless or old)
trash	v.	express a totally negative opinion of
trashiness	n.	the quality of being cheaply imitative of something better
trashy	adj.	cheap and inferior; of no value
trashy	adj.	tastelessly showy
trauma	n.	any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture etc.
trauma	n.	an emotional wound or shock often having long-lasting effects
traumatic	adj.	of or relating to a physical injury or wound to the body
traumatic	adj.	psychologically painful
traumatize	v.	inflict a trauma upon
travail	n.	concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of contractions to the birth of a child
travail	n.	use of physical or mental energy; hard work
travail	v.	work hard
travel	n.	the act of going from one place to another
travel	n.	a movement through space that changes the location of something
travel	n.	self-propelled movement
travel	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
travel	v.	undertake a journey or trip
travel	v.	make a trip for pleasure
travel	v.	travel upon or across
travel	v.	undergo transportation as in a vehicle
travel	v.	travel from place to place, as for the purpose of finding work, preaching, or acting as a judge
traveled	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
traveled	v.	undertake a journey or trip
traveled	v.	make a trip for pleasure
traveled	v.	travel upon or across
traveled	v.	undergo transportation as in a vehicle
traveled	v.	travel from place to place, as for the purpose of finding work, preaching, or acting as a judge
traveled	adj.	traveled over or through; sometimes used as a combining term
traveled	adj.	familiar with many parts of the world
traveler	n.	a person who changes location
traveling	n.	the act of going from one place to another
traveling	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
traveling	v.	undertake a journey or trip
traveling	v.	make a trip for pleasure
traveling	v.	travel upon or across
traveling	v.	undergo transportation as in a vehicle
traveling	v.	travel from place to place, as for the purpose of finding work, preaching, or acting as a judge
travelogue	n.	a film or illustrated lecture on traveling
traversal	n.	taking a zigzag path on skis
traversal	n.	travel across
traverse	n.	a horizontal beam that extends across something
traverse	n.	a horizontal crosspiece across a window or separating a door from a window over it
traverse	n.	taking a zigzag path on skis
traverse	n.	travel across
traverse	v.	travel across or pass over
traverse	v.	to cover or extend over an area or time period; ,
traverse	v.	deny formally (an allegation of fact by the opposing party) in a legal suit
travesty	n.	a comedy characterized by broad satire and improbable situations
travesty	n.	a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style, usually in a humorous way
travesty	v.	make a travesty of
trawl	n.	a long fishing line with many shorter lines and hooks attached to it (usually suspended between buoys)
trawl	n.	a conical fishnet dragged through the water at great depths
trawl	v.	fish with trawlers
trawler	n.	a fisherman who use a trawl net
trawler	n.	a fishing boat that uses a trawl net or dragnet to catch fish
tray	n.	an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food
treacherous	adj.	dangerously unstable and unpredictable
treacherous	adj.	tending to betray; especially having a treacherous character as attributed to the Carthaginians by the Romans
treachery	n.	betrayal of a trust
treachery	n.	an act of deliberate betrayal
treacle	n.	a pale cane syrup
treacle	n.	writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental
treacly	adj.	overly sweet
tread	n.	a step in walking or running
tread	n.	the grooved surface of a pneumatic tire
tread	n.	the part (as of a wheel or shoe) that makes contact with the ground
tread	n.	structural member consisting of the horizontal part of a stair or step
tread	v.	put down or press the foot, place the foot
tread	v.	tread or stomp heavily or roughly
tread	v.	crush as if by treading on
tread	v.	brace (an archer's bow) by pressing the foot against the center
tread	v.	apply (the tread) to a tire
tread	v.	mate with
treadle	n.	a lever that is operated with the foot
treadle	v.	tread over
treadle	v.	operate (machinery) by a treadle
treadmill	n.	an exercise device consisting of an endless belt on which a person can walk or jog without changing place
treadmill	n.	a mill that is powered by men or animals walking on a circular belt or climbing steps
treadmill	n.	a job involving drudgery and confinement
treason	n.	a crime that undermines the offender's government
treason	n.	disloyalty by virtue of subversive behavior
treason	n.	an act of deliberate betrayal
treasonous	adj.	having the character of, or characteristic of, a traitor
treasure	n.	accumulated wealth in the form of money or jewels etc.
treasure	n.	art highly prized for its beauty or perfection
treasure	n.	any possession that is highly valued by its owner
treasure	n.	a collection of precious things
treasure	v.	hold dear
treasure	v.	be fond of; be attached to
treasurer	n.	an officer charged with receiving and disbursing funds
treasury	n.	the funds of a government or institution or individual
treasury	n.	the government department responsible for collecting and managing and spending public revenues
treasury	n.	negotiable debt obligations of the United States government which guarantees that interest and principal payments will be paid on time
treasury	n.	the British cabinet minister responsible for economic strategy
treasury	n.	the federal department that collects revenue and administers federal finances; the Treasury Department was created in 1789
treasury	n.	a depository (a room or building) where wealth and precious objects can be kept safely
treat	n.	something considered choice to eat
treat	n.	an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight
treat	v.	interact in a certain way
treat	v.	subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition
treat	v.	provide treatment for
treat	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
treat	v.	provide with a gift or entertainment
treat	v.	provide with choice or abundant food or drink
treat	v.	engage in negotiations in order to reach an agreement
treat	v.	regard or consider in a specific way
treated	v.	interact in a certain way
treated	v.	subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving, or remedying a condition
treated	v.	provide treatment for
treated	v.	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
treated	v.	provide with a gift or entertainment
treated	v.	provide with choice or abundant food or drink
treated	v.	engage in negotiations in order to reach an agreement
treated	v.	regard or consider in a specific way
treated	adj.	subjected to a physical (or chemical) treatment or action or agent
treated	adj.	given medical care or treatment
treated	adj.	made hard or flexible or resilient especially by heat treatment
treatise	n.	a formal exposition
treatment	n.	care provided to improve a situation (especially medical procedures or applications that are intended to relieve illness or injury)
treatment	n.	the management of someone or something
treatment	n.	a manner of dealing with something artistically
treatment	n.	an extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some particular topic
treaty	n.	a written agreement between two states or sovereigns
treble	n.	the pitch range of the highest female voice
treble	v.	sing treble
treble	v.	increase threefold
treble	adj.	having or denoting a high range
treble	adj.	three times as great or many
treble	adj.	having three units or components or elements
treble	adj.	having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; ; - R.W.Emerson; -Frederick Harrison
tree	n.	a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming a distinct elevated crown; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms
tree	n.	a figure that branches from a single root
tree	n.	English actor and theatrical producer noted for his lavish productions of Shakespeare (1853-1917)
tree	v.	force a person or an animal into a position from which he cannot escape
tree	v.	plant with trees
tree	v.	chase an animal up a tree
tree	v.	stretch (a shoe) on a shoetree
treeing	v.	force a person or an animal into a position from which he cannot escape
treeing	v.	plant with trees
treeing	v.	chase an animal up a tree
treeing	v.	stretch (a shoe) on a shoetree
treeless	adj.	not wooded
treelike	adj.	resembling a tree in form and branching structure
treetop	n.	the upper branches and leaves of a tree or other plant
trefoil	n.	any of several Old World herbs of the genus Medicago having small flowers and trifoliate compound leaves
trefoil	n.	a plant of the genus Trifolium
trefoil	n.	an architectural ornament in the form of three arcs arranged in a circle
trek	n.	a journey by ox wagon (especially an organized migration by a group of settlers)
trek	n.	any long and difficult trip
trek	v.	journey on foot, especially in the mountains
trek	v.	make a long and difficult journey
trekked	v.	journey on foot, especially in the mountains
trekked	v.	make a long and difficult journey
trekker	n.	a traveler who makes a long arduous journey (as hiking through mountainous country)
trekking	v.	journey on foot, especially in the mountains
trekking	v.	make a long and difficult journey
trellis	n.	latticework used to support climbing plants
trellis	v.	train on a trellis, as of a vine
trematode	n.	parasitic flatworms having external suckers for attaching to a host
tremble	n.	a reflex motion caused by cold or fear or excitement
tremble	v.	move or jerk quickly and involuntarily up and down or sideways
tremendous	adj.	extraordinarily large in size or extent or amount or power or degree; ; ; ; - Walter Lippman
tremendous	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
tremendous	adj.	extreme in degree or extent or amount or impact
tremolo	n.	(music) a tremulous effect produced by rapid repetition of a single tone or rapid alternation of two tones
tremolo	n.	vocal vibrato especially an excessive or poorly controlled one
tremor	n.	an involuntary vibration (as if from illness or fear)
tremor	n.	a small earthquake
tremor	n.	shaking or trembling (usually resulting from weakness or stress or disease)
tremor	v.	shake with seismic vibrations
tremulous	adj.	(of the voice) quivering as from weakness or fear
trench	n.	a ditch dug as a fortification having a parapet of the excavated earth
trench	n.	a long steep-sided depression in the ocean floor
trench	n.	any long ditch cut in the ground
trench	v.	impinge or infringe upon
trench	v.	fortify by surrounding with trenches
trench	v.	cut or carve deeply into
trench	v.	set, plant, or bury in a trench
trench	v.	cut a trench in, as for drainage
trench	v.	dig a trench or trenches
trenchancy	n.	keenness and forcefulness of thought or expression or intellect
trenchant	adj.	having keenness and forcefulness and penetration in thought, expression, or intellect
trenchant	adj.	characterized by or full of force and vigor
trenchant	adj.	clearly or sharply defined to the mind
trencher	n.	someone who digs trenches
trencher	n.	a wooden board or platter on which food is served or carved
trencherman	n.	a person who is devoted to eating and drinking to excess
trenchermen	n.	a person who is devoted to eating and drinking to excess
trend	n.	a general direction in which something tends to move
trend	n.	general line of orientation
trend	n.	a general tendency to change (as of opinion)
trend	n.	the popular taste at a given time
trend	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
trendsetting	adj.	initiating or popularizing a trend
trendy	adj.	in accord with the latest fad
trent	n.	a river in central England that flows generally northeastward to join with the Ouse River and form the Humber
trent	n.	a city in northern Italy (northwest of Venice) on the River Adige; the site of the Council of Trent
trenton	n.	capital of the state of New Jersey; located in western New Jersey on the Delaware river
trepidation	n.	a feeling of alarm or dread
trespass	n.	a wrongful interference with the possession of property (personal property as well as realty), or the action instituted to recover damages
trespass	n.	entry to another's property without right or permission
trespass	v.	enter unlawfully on someone's property
trespass	v.	make excessive use of
trespass	v.	break the law
trespass	v.	commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law
trespass	v.	pass beyond (limits or boundaries)
trespasser	n.	someone who intrudes on the privacy or property of another without permission
tress	n.	a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair
trestle	n.	a supporting tower used to support a bridge
trestle	n.	sawhorses used in pairs to support a horizontal tabletop
trevelyan	n.	English historian and son of Sir George Otto Trevelyan whose works include a social history of England and a biography of Garibaldi (1876-1962)
trevelyan	n.	English historian who wrote a history of the American revolution and a biography of his uncle Lord Macaulay (1838-1928)
trevino	n.	United States golfer (born in 1939)
trews	n.	tight-fitting trousers; usually of tartan
trey	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
trey	n.	one of four playing cards in a deck having three pips
triad	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
triad	n.	a set of three similar things considered as a unit
triad	n.	three people considered as a unit
triad	n.	a three-note major or minor chord; a note and its third and fifth tones
triage	n.	sorting and allocating aid on the basis of need for or likely benefit from medical treatment or food
trial	n.	the act of testing something
trial	n.	trying something to find out about it
trial	n.	the act of undergoing testing
trial	n.	(law) the determination of a person's innocence or guilt by due process of law
trial	n.	(sports) a preliminary competition to determine qualifications
trial	n.	an annoying or frustrating or catastrophic event
triangle	n.	a three-sided polygon
triangle	n.	something approximating the shape of a triangle
triangle	n.	a small northern constellation near Perseus between Andromeda and Aries
triangle	n.	any of various triangular drafting instruments used to draw straight lines at specified angles
triangle	n.	a percussion instrument consisting of a metal bar bent in the shape of an open triangle
triangular	adj.	having three angles; forming or shaped like a triangle
triangular	adj.	having three sides
triangulate	v.	divide into triangles or give a triangular form to
triangulate	v.	measure by using trigonometry
triangulate	v.	survey by triangulation
triangulate	adj.	composed of or marked with triangles
triangulation	n.	a trigonometric method of determining the position of a fixed point from the angles to it from two fixed points a known distance apart; useful in navigation
triangulation	n.	a method of surveying; the area is divided into triangles and the length of one side and its angles with the other two are measured, then the lengths of the other sides can be calculated
triangulum	n.	a small northern constellation near Perseus between Andromeda and Aries
triassic	n.	from 230 million to 190 million years ago; dinosaurs, marine reptiles; volcanic activity
triassic	adj.	of or relating to or denoting the first period of the Mesozoic era
tribal	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a tribe
tribalism	n.	the state of living together in tribes
tribalism	n.	the beliefs of a tribal society
tribe	n.	a social division of (usually preliterate) people
tribe	n.	a federation (as of American Indians)
tribe	n.	(biology) a taxonomic category between a genus and a subfamily
tribe	n.	group of people related by blood or marriage
tribesman	n.	someone who lives in a tribe
tribesmen	n.	someone who lives in a tribe
tribulation	n.	an annoying or frustrating or catastrophic event
tribunal	n.	an assembly (including one or more judges) to conduct judicial business
tribune	n.	(ancient Rome) an official elected by the plebeians to protect their interests
tribune	n.	the apse of a Christian church that contains the bishop's throne
tributary	n.	a branch that flows into the main stream
tributary	adj.	(of a stream) flowing into a larger stream
tributary	adj.	paying tribute
tributary	adj.	tending to bring about; being partly responsible for
tribute	n.	something given or done as an expression of esteem
tribute	n.	payment by one nation for protection by another
tribute	n.	payment extorted by gangsters on threat of violence
trice	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
trice	v.	raise with a line
trice	v.	hoist up or in and lash or secure with a small rope
tricentennial	adj.	of or relating to or completing a period of 300 years
triceps	n.	any skeletal muscle having three origins (but especially the triceps brachii)
triceratops	n.	huge ceratopsian dinosaur having three horns and the neck heavily armored with a very solid frill
trichina	n.	parasitic nematode occurring in the intestines of pigs and rats and human beings and producing larvae that form cysts in skeletal muscles
trichinae	n.	parasitic nematode occurring in the intestines of pigs and rats and human beings and producing larvae that form cysts in skeletal muscles
trichinosis	n.	infestation by trichina larvae that are transmitted by eating inadequately cooked meat (especially pork); larvae migrate from the intestinal tract to the muscles where they become encysted
trick	n.	a cunning or deceitful action or device
trick	n.	a period of work or duty
trick	n.	an attempt to get you to do something foolish or imprudent
trick	n.	a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement
trick	n.	an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers
trick	n.	a prostitute's customer
trick	n.	(card games) in a single round, the sequence of cards played by all the players; the high card is the winner
trick	v.	deceive somebody
trickery	n.	verbal misrepresentation intended to take advantage of you in some way
trickery	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
trickily	adv.	in an artful manner
trickiness	n.	the quality of being a slippery rascal
trickiness	n.	the quality of requiring skill or caution
trickle	n.	flowing in drops; the formation and falling of drops of liquid
trickle	v.	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream
trickster	n.	someone who plays practical jokes on others
trickster	n.	someone who leads you to believe something that is not true
trickster	n.	a mischievous supernatural being found in the folklore of many primitive people; sometimes distinguished by prodigious biological drives and exaggerated bodily parts
tricky	adj.	not to be trusted; - James Agee
tricky	adj.	having concealed difficulty
tricky	adj.	marked by skill in deception
tricolor	n.	a flag having three colored stripes (especially the French flag)
tricolor	adj.	having or involving three colors
tricycle	n.	a vehicle with three wheels that is moved by foot pedals
trident	n.	a spear with three prongs
tried	v.	make an effort or attempt
tried	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
tried	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
tried	v.	take a sample of
tried	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
tried	v.	give pain or trouble to
tried	v.	test the limits of
tried	v.	melt (fat or lard) in order to separate out impurities
tried	v.	put on a garment in order to see whether it fits and looks nice
tried	adj.	tested and proved useful or correct
tried	adj.	tested and proved to be reliable
triennial	n.	the 300th anniversary (or the celebration of it)
triennial	adj.	occurring every third year or lasting 3 years
trier	n.	one (as a judge) who examines and settles a case
trier	n.	one who tries
trifle	n.	a cold pudding made of layers of sponge cake spread with fruit or jelly; may be decorated with nuts, cream, or chocolate
trifle	n.	a detail that is considered insignificant
trifle	n.	something of small importance
trifle	v.	waste time; spend one's time idly or inefficiently
trifle	v.	act frivolously
trifle	v.	consider not very seriously
trifler	n.	one who behaves lightly or not seriously
trig	n.	the mathematics of triangles and trigonometric functions
trig	adj.	neat and smart in appearance
trigger	n.	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun
trigger	n.	a device that activates or releases or causes something to happen
trigger	n.	an act that sets in motion some course of events
trigger	v.	put in motion or move to act
trigger	v.	release or pull the trigger on
triglyceride	n.	glyceride occurring naturally in animal and vegetable tissues; it consists of three individual fatty acids bound together in a single large molecule; an important energy source forming much of the fat stored by the body
trigonometric	adj.	of or relating to or according to the principles of trigonometry
trigonometry	n.	the mathematics of triangles and trigonometric functions
trike	n.	a vehicle with three wheels that is moved by foot pedals
trilateral	n.	a three-sided polygon
trilateral	adj.	involving three parties
trilateral	adj.	having three sides
trilby	n.	singer in a novel by George du Maurier who was under the control of the hypnotist Svengali
trilby	n.	a hat made of felt with a creased crown
trill	n.	a note that alternates rapidly with another note a semitone above it
trill	n.	the articulation of a consonant (especially the consonant `r') with a rapid flutter of the tongue against the palate or uvula
trill	v.	pronounce with a trill, of the phoneme `r'
trill	v.	sing or play with trills, alternating with the half note above or below
trillion	n.	a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)
trillion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 18 zeros
trillion	n.	the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros
trillion	adj.	one quintillion in Great Britain
trillion	adj.	one million million in the United States
trillionth	n.	one part in a trillion equal parts
trillionth	adj.	the ordinal number of one trillion in counting order
trillionths	n.	one part in a trillion equal parts
trillium	n.	any liliaceous plant of the genus Trillium having a whorl of three leaves at the top of the stem with a single three-petaled flower
trilobite	n.	an extinct arthropod that was abundant in Paleozoic times; had an exoskeleton divided into three parts
trilogy	n.	a set of three literary or dramatic works related in subject or theme
trim	n.	a state of arrangement or appearance
trim	n.	a decoration or adornment on a garment
trim	n.	attitude of an aircraft in flight when allowed to take its own orientation
trim	n.	cutting down to the desired size or shape
trim	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
trim	v.	decorate, as with ornaments
trim	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
trim	v.	balance in flight by regulating the control surfaces
trim	v.	be in equilibrium during a flight
trim	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
trim	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
trim	v.	cut closely
trim	v.	adjust (sails on a ship) so that the wind is optimally used
trim	adj.	thin and fit
trim	adj.	of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder
trim	adj.	neat and smart in appearance
trim	adj.	severely simple in line or design
trimaran	n.	a fast sailboat with 3 parallel hulls
trimester	n.	a period of three months; especially one of the three three-month periods into which human pregnancy is divided
trimester	n.	one of three divisions of an academic year
trimmed	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
trimmed	v.	decorate, as with ornaments
trimmed	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
trimmed	v.	balance in flight by regulating the control surfaces
trimmed	v.	be in equilibrium during a flight
trimmed	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
trimmed	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
trimmed	v.	cut closely
trimmed	v.	adjust (sails on a ship) so that the wind is optimally used
trimmed	adj.	made neat and tidy by trimming
trimmer	n.	a worker who thins out and trims trees and shrubs
trimmer	n.	a machine that trims timber
trimmer	n.	capacitor having variable capacitance; used for making fine adjustments
trimmer	n.	joist that receives the end of a header in floor or roof framing in order to leave an opening for a staircase or chimney etc.
trimmer	adj.	thin and fit
trimmer	adj.	of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder
trimmer	adj.	neat and smart in appearance
trimmer	adj.	severely simple in line or design
trimmest	adj.	thin and fit
trimmest	adj.	of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder
trimmest	adj.	neat and smart in appearance
trimmest	adj.	severely simple in line or design
trimming	n.	the act of adding decoration
trimming	n.	a decoration or adornment on a garment
trimming	n.	cutting down to the desired size or shape
trimming	v.	remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size
trimming	v.	decorate, as with ornaments
trimming	v.	cut down on; make a reduction in
trimming	v.	balance in flight by regulating the control surfaces
trimming	v.	be in equilibrium during a flight
trimming	v.	decorate (food), as with parsley or other ornamental foods
trimming	v.	cultivate, tend, and cut back the growth of
trimming	v.	cut closely
trimming	v.	adjust (sails on a ship) so that the wind is optimally used
trimmings	n.	the accessories that normally accompany (something or some activity)
trimmings	n.	the act of adding decoration
trimmings	n.	a decoration or adornment on a garment
trimmings	n.	cutting down to the desired size or shape
trimness	n.	a state of arrangement or appearance
trimurti	n.	the triad of divinities of later Hinduism
trinidad	n.	an island in West Indies just off the northeastern coast of Venezuela
trinidadian	n.	inhabitant or native of Trinidad
trinidadian	adj.	of or relating to the island of Trinidad
trinitrotoluene	n.	explosive consisting of a yellow crystalline compound that is a flammable toxic derivative of toluene
trinity	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
trinity	n.	the union of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost in one Godhead
trinity	n.	three people considered as a unit
trinket	n.	cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing
trio	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
trio	n.	a musical composition for three performers
trio	n.	three performers or singers who perform together
trio	n.	a set of three similar things considered as a unit
trio	n.	three people considered as a unit
trip	n.	a journey for some purpose (usually including the return)
trip	n.	a hallucinatory experience induced by drugs
trip	n.	an accidental misstep threatening (or causing) a fall
trip	n.	an exciting or stimulating experience
trip	n.	a catch mechanism that acts as a switch
trip	n.	a light or nimble tread
trip	n.	an unintentional but embarrassing blunder
trip	v.	miss a step and fall or nearly fall
trip	v.	cause to stumble
trip	v.	make a trip for pleasure
trip	v.	put in motion or move to act
trip	v.	get high, stoned, or drugged
tripartite	adj.	involving three parties or elements
tripe	n.	lining of the stomach of a ruminant (especially a bovine) used as food
tripe	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
triple	n.	a base hit at which the batter stops safely at third base
triple	n.	a set of three similar things considered as a unit
triple	n.	a quantity that is three times as great as another
triple	v.	increase threefold
triple	v.	hit a three-base hit
triple	adj.	having three units or components or elements
triple	adj.	three times as great or many
triplet	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
triplet	n.	one of three offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy
triplet	n.	a set of three similar things considered as a unit
triplex	adj.	having three units or components or elements
triplicate	n.	one of three copies; any of three things that correspond to one another exactly
triplicate	v.	reproduce threefold
tripod	n.	a three-legged rack used for support
tripoli	n.	a weathered and decomposed siliceous limestone; in powdered form it is used in polishing
tripoli	n.	the capital and chief port and largest city of Libya; in northwestern Libya on the Mediterranean Sea; founded by the Phoenicians in the 7th century BC
tripoli	n.	a port city and commercial center in northwestern Lebanon on the Mediterranean Sea
tripos	n.	final honors degree examinations at Cambridge University
tripped	v.	miss a step and fall or nearly fall
tripped	v.	cause to stumble
tripped	v.	make a trip for pleasure
tripped	v.	put in motion or move to act
tripped	v.	get high, stoned, or drugged
tripper	n.	(slang) someone who has taken a psychedelic drug and is undergoing hallucinations
tripper	n.	a walker or runner who trips and almost falls
tripper	n.	a tourist who is visiting sights of interest
tripper	n.	a catch mechanism that acts as a switch
tripping	v.	miss a step and fall or nearly fall
tripping	v.	cause to stumble
tripping	v.	make a trip for pleasure
tripping	v.	put in motion or move to act
tripping	v.	get high, stoned, or drugged
tripping	adj.	characterized by a buoyant rhythm
tripping	adj.	moving easily and quickly; nimble
triptych	n.	art consisting of a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on three panels (usually hinged together)
triptychs	n.	art consisting of a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on three panels (usually hinged together)
trireme	n.	ancient Greek or Roman galley or warship having three tiers of oars on each side
trisect	v.	cut in three
tristan	n.	(Middle Ages) the nephew of the king of Cornwall who (according to legend) fell in love with his uncle's bride (Iseult) after they mistakenly drank a love potion that left them eternally in love with each other
trite	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
triteness	n.	unoriginality as a result of being dull and hackneyed
triter	adj.	repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse
tritium	n.	a radioactive isotope of hydrogen; atoms of tritium have three times the mass of ordinary hydrogen atoms
triton	n.	(Greek mythology) a sea god; son of Poseidon
triton	n.	the largest moon of Neptune
triton	n.	tropical marine gastropods having beautifully colored spiral shells
triton	n.	small usually bright-colored semiaquatic salamanders of North America and Europe and northern Asia
triumph	n.	a successful ending of a struggle or contest
triumph	n.	the exultation of victory
triumph	v.	prove superior
triumph	v.	be ecstatic with joy
triumph	v.	dwell on with satisfaction
triumph	v.	to express great joy
triumphal	adj.	relating to or celebrating a triumph
triumphal	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
triumphant	adj.	joyful and proud especially because of triumph or success
triumphant	adj.	experiencing triumph
triumphs	n.	a successful ending of a struggle or contest
triumphs	n.	the exultation of victory
triumphs	v.	prove superior
triumphs	v.	be ecstatic with joy
triumphs	v.	dwell on with satisfaction
triumphs	v.	to express great joy
triumvir	n.	one of a group of three sharing public administration or civil authority especially in ancient Rome
triumvirate	n.	a group of three men responsible for public administration or civil authority
trivalent	adj.	having a valence of three
trivet	n.	a three-legged metal stand for supporting a cooking vessel in a hearth
trivet	n.	a stand with short feet used under a hot dish on a table
trivia	n.	something of small importance
trivia	n.	(Middle Ages) an introductory curriculum at a medieval university involving grammar and logic and rhetoric; considered to be a triple way to eloquence
trivial	adj.	(informal) small and of little importance
trivial	adj.	of little substance or significance
trivial	adj.	concerned with trivialities
triviality	n.	the quality of being unimportant and petty or frivolous
triviality	n.	a detail that is considered insignificant
triviality	n.	something of small importance
trivialize	v.	make trivial or insignificant
trivium	n.	(Middle Ages) an introductory curriculum at a medieval university involving grammar and logic and rhetoric; considered to be a triple way to eloquence
trochaic	adj.	of or consisting of trochees
trochee	n.	a metrical unit with stressed-unstressed syllables
trod	v.	put down or press the foot, place the foot
trod	v.	tread or stomp heavily or roughly
trod	v.	crush as if by treading on
trod	v.	brace (an archer's bow) by pressing the foot against the center
trod	v.	apply (the tread) to a tire
trod	v.	mate with
trodden	v.	put down or press the foot, place the foot
trodden	v.	tread or stomp heavily or roughly
trodden	v.	crush as if by treading on
trodden	v.	brace (an archer's bow) by pressing the foot against the center
trodden	v.	apply (the tread) to a tire
trodden	v.	mate with
troglodyte	n.	one who lives in solitude
troglodyte	n.	someone who lives in a cave
troika	n.	a Russian carriage pulled by three horses abreast
troika	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
troika	n.	a modern Russian triumvirate
trojan	n.	a native of ancient Troy
trojan	n.	a program that appears desirable but actually contains something harmful
trojan	adj.	of or relating to the ancient city of Troy or its inhabitants
troll	n.	(Scandanavian folklore) a supernatural creature (either a dwarf or a giant) that is supposed to live in caves or in the mountains
troll	n.	a partsong in which voices follow each other; one voice starts and others join in one after another until all are singing different parts of the song at the same time
troll	n.	a fisherman's lure that is used in trolling
troll	n.	angling by drawing a baited line through the water
troll	v.	circulate, move around
troll	v.	cause to move round and round
troll	v.	sing the parts of (a round) in succession
troll	v.	angle with a hook and line drawn through the water
troll	v.	sing loudly and without inhibition
troll	v.	praise or celebrate in song
troll	v.	speak or recite rapidly or in a rolling voice
trolley	n.	a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity
trolleybus	n.	a passenger bus with an electric motor that draws power from overhead wires
trollop	n.	a dirty untidy woman
trollop	n.	a woman adulterer
trollope	n.	English writer of novels (1815-1882)
trombone	n.	a brass instrument consisting of a long tube whose length can be varied by a U-shaped slide
trombonist	n.	a musician who plays the trombone
trondheim	n.	a port in central Norway on Trondheim Fjord
troop	n.	a group of soldiers
troop	n.	a cavalry unit corresponding to an infantry company
troop	n.	a unit of Girl or Boy Scouts
troop	n.	an orderly crowd
troop	v.	march in a procession
troop	v.	move or march as if in a crowd
trooper	n.	a soldier in a motorized army unit
trooper	n.	a mounted policeman
trooper	n.	a state police officer
trooper	n.	a soldier mounted on horseback
troopship	n.	ship for transporting troops
trope	n.	language used in a figurative or nonliteral sense
trophy	n.	an award for success in war or hunting
trophy	n.	something given as a token of victory
tropic	n.	either of two parallels of latitude about 23.5 degrees to the north and south of the equator representing the points farthest north and south at which the sun can shine directly overhead and constituting the boundaries of the Torrid Zone or tropics
tropic	adj.	relating to or situated in or characteristic of the tropics (the region on either side of the equator)
tropic	adj.	of weather or climate; hot and humid as in the tropics
tropical	adj.	relating to or situated in or characteristic of the tropics (the region on either side of the equator)
tropical	adj.	of or relating to the tropics, or either tropic
tropical	adj.	characterized by or of the nature of a trope or tropes; changed from its literal sense
tropical	adj.	of weather or climate; hot and humid as in the tropics
tropics	n.	the part of the Earth's surface between the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn; characterized by a hot climate
tropics	n.	either of two parallels of latitude about 23.5 degrees to the north and south of the equator representing the points farthest north and south at which the sun can shine directly overhead and constituting the boundaries of the Torrid Zone or tropics
tropism	n.	an involuntary orienting response; positive or negative reaction to a stimulus source
troposphere	n.	the lowest atmospheric layer; from 4 to 11 miles high (depending on latitude)
trot	n.	a slow pace of running
trot	n.	radicals who support Trotsky's theory that socialism must be established throughout the world by continuing revolution
trot	n.	a literal translation used in studying a foreign language (often used illicitly)
trot	n.	a gait faster than a walk; diagonally opposite legs strike the ground together
trot	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
trot	v.	ride at a trot
trot	v.	cause to trot
troth	n.	a mutual promise to marry
troth	n.	a solemn pledge of fidelity
trotsky	n.	Russian revolutionary and Communist theorist who helped Lenin and built up the army; he was ousted from the Communist Party by Stalin and eventually assassinated in Mexico (1879-1940)
trotted	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
trotted	v.	ride at a trot
trotted	v.	cause to trot
trotter	n.	foot of a pig or sheep especially one used as food
trotter	n.	a horse trained to trot; especially a horse trained for harness racing
trotting	v.	run at a moderately swift pace
trotting	v.	ride at a trot
trotting	v.	cause to trot
troubadour	n.	a singer of folk songs
trouble	n.	a source of difficulty
trouble	n.	an angry disturbance
trouble	n.	an event causing distress or pain
trouble	n.	an effort that is inconvenient
trouble	n.	a strong feeling of anxiety
trouble	n.	an unwanted pregnancy
trouble	v.	move deeply
trouble	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
trouble	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
trouble	v.	take the trouble to do something; concern oneself
trouble	v.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed
troubled	v.	move deeply
troubled	v.	to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
troubled	v.	disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed
troubled	v.	take the trouble to do something; concern oneself
troubled	v.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed
troubled	adj.	characterized by or indicative of distress or affliction or danger or need
troubled	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination
troublemaker	n.	someone who deliberately stirs up trouble
troubleshoot	v.	solve problems
troubleshooter	n.	a worker whose job is to locate and fix sources of trouble (especially in mechanical devices)
troubleshooting	v.	solve problems
troublesome	adj.	difficult to deal with
trough	n.	a narrow depression (as in the earth or between ocean waves or in the ocean bed)
trough	n.	a channel along the eaves or on the roof; collects and carries away rainwater
trough	n.	a concave shape with an open top
trough	n.	a treasury for government funds
trough	n.	a long narrow shallow receptacle
trough	n.	a container (usually in a barn or stable) from which cattle or horses feed
troughs	n.	a narrow depression (as in the earth or between ocean waves or in the ocean bed)
troughs	n.	a channel along the eaves or on the roof; collects and carries away rainwater
troughs	n.	a concave shape with an open top
troughs	n.	a treasury for government funds
troughs	n.	a long narrow shallow receptacle
troughs	n.	a container (usually in a barn or stable) from which cattle or horses feed
trounce	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
trounce	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
trounce	v.	censure severely or angrily
troupe	n.	organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical)
trouper	n.	a person who is reliable and uncomplaining and hard working
trouper	n.	an actor who travels around the country presenting plays
trouser	n.	(usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately
trouser	n.	a garment (or part of a garment) designed for or relating to trousers
trousers	n.	(usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately
trousers	n.	a garment (or part of a garment) designed for or relating to trousers
trousseau	n.	the personal outfit of a bride; clothes and accessories and linens
trousseaux	n.	the personal outfit of a bride; clothes and accessories and linens
trout	n.	flesh of any of several primarily freshwater game and food fishes
trout	n.	any of various game and food fishes of cool fresh waters mostly smaller than typical salmons
trove	n.	treasure of unknown ownership found hidden (usually in the earth)
trowel	n.	a small hand tool with a handle and flat metal blade; used for scooping or spreading plaster or similar materials
trowel	v.	use a trowel on; for light garden work or plaster work
troy	n.	a system of weights used for precious metals and gemstones; based on a 12-ounce pound and an ounce of 480 grains
troy	n.	an ancient city in Asia Minor that was the site of the Trojan War
truancy	n.	failure to attend (especially school)
truant	n.	one who is absent from school without permission
truant	n.	someone who shirks duty
truant	adj.	absent without permission
truce	n.	a state of peace agreed to between opponents so they can discuss peace terms
truck	n.	an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
truck	n.	a handcart that has a frame with two low wheels and a ledge at the bottom and handles at the top; used to move crates or other heavy objects
truck	v.	convey (goods etc.) by truck
trucker	n.	someone who drives a truck as an occupation
trucking	n.	the activity of transporting goods by truck
trucking	v.	convey (goods etc.) by truck
truckle	n.	a low bed to be slid under a higher bed
truckle	v.	yield to out of weakness
truckle	v.	try to gain favor by cringing or flattering
truculence	n.	obstreperous and defiant aggressiveness
truculent	adj.	defiantly aggressive
trudge	n.	a long difficult walk
trudge	v.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud
true	n.	proper alignment; the property possessed by something that is in correct or proper alignment
true	v.	make level, square, balanced, or concentric
true	adj.	consistent with fact or reality; not false; ; - B. Russell
true	adj.	accurately placed or thrown
true	adj.	devoted (sometimes fanatically) to a cause or concept or truth
true	adj.	expressing or given to expressing the truth
true	adj.	conforming to definitive criteria
true	adj.	worthy of being depended on
true	adj.	not pretended; sincerely felt or expressed
true	adj.	rightly so called
true	adj.	determined with reference to the earth's axis rather than the magnetic poles
true	adj.	having a legally established claim
true	adj.	in tune; accurate in pitch
true	adj.	accurately fitted; level
true	adv.	as acknowledged
truelove	n.	a person loved by another person
truffaut	n.	French filmmaker (1932-1984)
truffle	n.	any of various highly prized edible subterranean fungi of the genus Tuber; grow naturally in southwestern Europe
truffle	n.	edible subterranean fungus of the genus Tuber
truffle	n.	creamy chocolate candy
truism	n.	an obvious truth
truly	adv.	in accordance with truth or fact or reality
truly	adv.	by right
truly	adv.	with sincerity; without pretense
truly	adv.	in fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers)
truman	n.	elected vice president in Roosevelt's 4th term; became 33rd President of the United States on Roosevelt's death in 1945 and was elected President in 1948; authorized the use of atomic bombs against Japan (1884-1972)
trumbull	n.	American Revolutionary leader who as governor of Connecticut provided supplies for the Continental Army (1710-1785)
trumbull	n.	American painter of historical scenes (1756-1843)
trumbull	n.	American satirical poet (1750-1831)
trump	n.	a playing card in the suit that has been declared trumps
trump	n.	(card games) the suit that has been declared to rank above all other suits for the duration of the hand
trump	n.	a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube and a flared bell and is played by means of valves
trump	v.	produce a sound as if from a trumpet
trump	v.	get the better of
trump	v.	play a trump
trump	v.	proclaim or announce with or as if with a fanfare
trumpery	n.	nonsensical talk or writing
trumpery	n.	ornamental objects of no great value
trumpet	n.	a brass musical instrument with a brilliant tone; has a narrow tube and a flared bell and is played by means of valves
trumpet	v.	proclaim on, or as if on, a trumpet
trumpet	v.	play or blow on the trumpet
trumpet	v.	utter in trumpet-like sounds
trumpeter	n.	a musician who plays the trumpet or cornet
trumpeter	n.	(formal) a person who announces important news
trumpeter	n.	large gregarious crane-like bird of the forests of South America having glossy black plumage and a loud prolonged cry; easily domesticated
trumpeter	n.	large pure white wild swan of western North America having a sonorous cry
truncate	v.	replace a corner by a plane
truncate	v.	approximate by ignoring all terms beyond a chosen one
truncate	v.	make shorter as if by cutting off
truncate	adj.	terminating abruptly by having or as if having an end or point cut off
truncation	n.	the property of being truncated or short
truncation	n.	the replacement of an edge or solid angle (as in cutting a gemstone) by a plane (especially by a plane that is equally inclined to the adjacent faces)
truncation	n.	the act of cutting short
truncheon	n.	a short stout club used primarily by policemen
trundle	n.	a low bed to be slid under a higher bed
trundle	n.	small wheel or roller
trundle	v.	move heavily
trunk	n.	the main stem of a tree; usually covered with bark; the bole is usually the part that is commercially useful for lumber
trunk	n.	luggage consisting of a large strong case used when traveling or for storage
trunk	n.	the body excluding the head and neck and limbs
trunk	n.	compartment in an automobile that carries luggage or shopping or tools
trunk	n.	a long flexible snout as of an elephant
truss	n.	(medicine) a bandage consisting of a pad and belt; worn to hold a hernia in place by pressure
truss	n.	a framework of beams (rafters, posts, struts) forming a rigid structure that supports a roof or bridge or other structure
truss	n.	(architecture) a triangular bracket of brick or stone (usually of slight extent)
truss	v.	tie the wings and legs of a bird before cooking it
truss	v.	secure with or as if with ropes
truss	v.	support structurally
trust	n.	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary)
trust	n.	certainty based on past experience
trust	n.	the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others
trust	n.	a consortium of independent organizations formed to limit competition by controlling the production and distribution of a product or service
trust	n.	complete confidence in a person or plan etc
trust	n.	a trustful relationship
trust	v.	have confidence or faith in
trust	v.	allow without fear
trust	v.	be confident about something
trust	v.	expect and wish
trust	v.	confer a trust upon
trust	v.	extend credit to
trustee	n.	a person (or institution) to whom legal title to property is entrusted to use for another's benefit
trustee	n.	members of a governing board
trusteeship	n.	a dependent country; administered by another country under the supervision of the United Nations
trusteeship	n.	the position of trustee
trustful	adj.	inclined to believe or confide readily; full of trust; - Nordhoff & Hall
trustfulness	n.	the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others
trusting	v.	have confidence or faith in
trusting	v.	allow without fear
trusting	v.	be confident about something
trusting	v.	expect and wish
trusting	v.	confer a trust upon
trusting	v.	extend credit to
trusting	adj.	inclined to believe or confide readily; full of trust; - Nordhoff & Hall
trustworthiness	n.	the trait of deserving trust and confidence
trustworthy	adj.	worthy of trust or belief
trustworthy	adj.	taking responsibility for one's conduct and obligations
trusty	n.	a convict who is considered trustworthy and granted special privileges
trusty	adj.	worthy of trust or belief
truth	n.	a fact that has been verified
truth	n.	conformity to reality or actuality
truth	n.	a true statement
truth	n.	the quality of being near to the true value
truth	n.	United States abolitionist and feminist who was freed from slavery and became a leading advocate of the abolition of slavery and for the rights of women (1797-1883)
truthful	adj.	expressing or given to expressing the truth
truthful	adj.	conforming to truth
truthfulness	n.	the quality of being truthful
truths	n.	a fact that has been verified
truths	n.	conformity to reality or actuality
truths	n.	a true statement
truths	n.	the quality of being near to the true value
truths	n.	United States abolitionist and feminist who was freed from slavery and became a leading advocate of the abolition of slavery and for the rights of women (1797-1883)
try	n.	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something
try	v.	make an effort or attempt
try	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
try	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
try	v.	take a sample of
try	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
try	v.	give pain or trouble to
try	v.	test the limits of
try	v.	melt (fat or lard) in order to separate out impurities
try	v.	put on a garment in order to see whether it fits and looks nice
trying	v.	make an effort or attempt
trying	v.	put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to
trying	v.	put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of
trying	v.	take a sample of
trying	v.	examine or hear (evidence or a case) by judicial process
trying	v.	give pain or trouble to
trying	v.	test the limits of
trying	v.	melt (fat or lard) in order to separate out impurities
trying	v.	put on a garment in order to see whether it fits and looks nice
trying	adj.	hard to endure
trying	adj.	extremely irritating to the nerves
tryout	n.	trying something to find out about it
tryout	n.	a test of the suitability of a performer
tryptophan	n.	an amino acid that occurs in proteins; is essential for growth and normal metabolism; a precursor of niacin
tryst	n.	a date; usually with a member of the opposite sex
tryst	n.	a secret rendezvous (especially between lovers)
tsetse	n.	bloodsucking African fly; transmits sleeping sickness etc.
tsimshian	n.	a member of a Penutian people who lived on rivers and a sound in British Columbia
tsimshian	n.	a Penutian language spoken by the Tsimshian
tsunami	n.	a cataclysm resulting from a destructive sea wave caused by an earthquake or volcanic eruption
tswana	n.	a member of a Bantu people living chiefly in Botswana and western South Africa
tswana	n.	the dialect of Sotho spoken by the Tswana in Botswana
tuareg	n.	a member of a nomadic Berber people of the Sahara
tuareg	n.	the dialect of Berber spoken by the Tuareg
tub	n.	a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash the body
tub	n.	a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids
tub	n.	the amount that a tub will hold
tuba	n.	the lowest brass wind instrument
tubal	adj.	of or relating to occurring in a tube such as e.g. the Fallopian tube or Eustachian tube
tubby	adj.	short and plump
tube	n.	conduit consisting of a long hollow object (usually cylindrical) used to hold and conduct objects or liquids or gases
tube	n.	electronic device consisting of a system of electrodes arranged in an evacuated glass or metal envelope
tube	n.	a hollow cylindrical shape
tube	n.	(anatomy) any hollow cylindrical body structure
tube	n.	an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a city)
tube	v.	provide with a tube or insert a tube into
tube	v.	convey in a tube
tube	v.	ride or float on an inflated tube
tube	v.	place or enclose in a tube
tubeless	n.	pneumatic tire not needing an inner tube to be airtight
tubeless	adj.	of a tire; not needing an inner tube
tuber	n.	a fleshy underground stem or root serving for reproductive and food storage
tuber	n.	type genus of the Tuberaceae: fungi whose fruiting bodies are typically truffles
tubercle	n.	a swelling that is the characteristic lesion of tuberculosis
tubercle	n.	small rounded wartlike protuberance on a plant
tubercle	n.	a protuberance on a bone especially for attachment of a muscle or ligament
tubercular	n.	a person with pulmonary tuberculosis
tubercular	adj.	characterized by the presence of tuberculosis lesions or tubercles
tubercular	adj.	pertaining to or of the nature of a normal tuberosity or tubercle
tubercular	adj.	relating to tuberculosis or those suffering from it
tubercular	adj.	constituting or afflicted with or caused by tuberculosis or the tubercle bacillus
tuberculin	n.	a sterile liquid containing a purified protein derivative of the tuberculosis bacterium; used in the diagnosis of tuberculosis
tuberculosis	n.	infection transmitted by inhalation or ingestion of tubercle bacilli and manifested in fever and small lesions (usually in the lungs but in various other parts of the body in acute stages)
tuberculous	adj.	constituting or afflicted with or caused by tuberculosis or the tubercle bacillus
tuberose	n.	a tuberous Mexican herb having grasslike leaves and cultivated for its spikes of highly fragrant lily-like waxy white flowers
tuberous	adj.	of or relating to or resembling a tuber
tubful	n.	the amount that a tub will hold
tubing	n.	conduit consisting of a long hollow object (usually cylindrical) used to hold and conduct objects or liquids or gases
tubing	v.	provide with a tube or insert a tube into
tubing	v.	convey in a tube
tubing	v.	ride or float on an inflated tube
tubing	v.	place or enclose in a tube
tubman	n.	United States abolitionist born a slave on a plantation in Maryland and became a famous conductor on the Underground Railroad leading other slaves to freedom in the North (1820-1913)
tubular	adj.	constituting a tube; having hollow tubes (as for the passage of fluids)
tubule	n.	a small tube
tuck	n.	eatables (especially sweets)
tuck	n.	(sports) a bodily position adopted in some sports (such as diving or skiing) in which the knees are bent and the thighs are drawn close to the chest
tuck	n.	a narrow flattened pleat or fold that is stitched in place
tuck	n.	a straight sword with a narrow blade and two edges
tuck	v.	fit snugly into
tuck	v.	make a tuck or several folds in
tuck	v.	draw together into folds or puckers
tucker	n.	United States anarchist influential before World War I (1854-1939)
tucker	n.	United States vaudevillian (born in Russia) noted for her flamboyant performances (1884-1966)
tucker	n.	a sewer who tucks
tucker	n.	a detachable yoke of linen or lace worn over the breast of a low-cut dress
tucker	v.	wear out completely
tucson	n.	a city in southeastern Arizona ringed by mountain ranges; long known as a winter and health resort but the population shift from industrial states to the Sunbelt resulted in rapid growth late in the 20th century
tudor	n.	an English dynasty descended from Henry Tudor; Tudor monarchs ruled from Henry VII to Elizabeth I (from 1485 to 1603)
tudor	n.	United States dancer and choreographer (born in England) (1909-1987)
tudor	n.	a member of the dynasty that ruled England
tudor	adj.	of or relating to a style of architecture in England in the 15th century
tues	n.	the third day of the week; the second working day
tuesday	n.	the third day of the week; the second working day
tuft	n.	a bunch of hair or feathers or growing grass
tuft	n.	a bunch of feathers or hair
tug	n.	a sudden abrupt pull
tug	n.	a powerful small boat designed to pull or push larger ships
tug	v.	pull hard
tug	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
tug	v.	tow (a vessel) with a tug
tug	v.	carry with difficulty
tug	v.	move by pulling hard
tug	v.	pull or strain hard at
tug	v.	struggle in opposition
tugboat	n.	a powerful small boat designed to pull or push larger ships
tugged	v.	pull hard
tugged	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
tugged	v.	tow (a vessel) with a tug
tugged	v.	carry with difficulty
tugged	v.	move by pulling hard
tugged	v.	pull or strain hard at
tugged	v.	struggle in opposition
tugging	v.	pull hard
tugging	v.	strive and make an effort to reach a goal
tugging	v.	tow (a vessel) with a tug
tugging	v.	carry with difficulty
tugging	v.	move by pulling hard
tugging	v.	pull or strain hard at
tugging	v.	struggle in opposition
tuition	n.	a fee paid for instruction (especially for higher education)
tuition	n.	teaching pupils individually (usually by a tutor hired privately)
tularemia	n.	a highly infectious disease of rodents (especially rabbits and squirrels) and sometimes transmitted to humans by ticks or flies or by handling infected animals
tulip	n.	any of numerous perennial bulbous herbs having linear or broadly lanceolate leaves and usually a single showy flower
tulle	n.	a fine (often starched) net used for veils or tutus or gowns
tulsa	n.	a major city of northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas river; once known as the oil capital of the world and still heavily involved in the oil and gas industries
tum	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
tumble	n.	an acrobatic feat of rolling or turning end over end
tumble	n.	a sudden drop from an upright position
tumble	v.	fall down, as if collapsing
tumble	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
tumble	v.	roll over and over, back and forth
tumble	v.	fly around
tumble	v.	fall apart
tumble	v.	throw together in a confused mass
tumble	v.	understand, usually after some initial difficulty
tumble	v.	fall suddenly and sharply
tumble	v.	put clothes in a tumbling barrel, where they are whirled about in hot air, usually with the purpose of drying
tumble	v.	suffer a sudden downfall, overthrow, or defeat
tumble	v.	do gymnastics, roll and turn skillfully
tumbler	n.	a gymnast who performs rolls and somersaults and twists etc.
tumbler	n.	a glass with a flat bottom but no handle or stem; originally had a round bottom
tumbler	n.	a movable obstruction in a lock that must be adjusted to a given position (as by a key) before the bolt can be thrown
tumbler	n.	pigeon that executes backward somersaults in flight or on the ground
tumbleweed	n.	any plant that breaks away from its roots in autumn and is driven by the wind as a light rolling mass
tumbleweed	n.	prickly bushy Eurasian plant; a troublesome weed in central and western United States
tumbleweed	n.	bushy annual weed of central North America having greenish flowers and winged seeds
tumbleweed	n.	bushy plant of western United States
tumbling	n.	the gymnastic moves of an acrobat
tumbling	v.	fall down, as if collapsing
tumbling	v.	cause to topple or tumble by pushing
tumbling	v.	roll over and over, back and forth
tumbling	v.	fly around
tumbling	v.	fall apart
tumbling	v.	throw together in a confused mass
tumbling	v.	understand, usually after some initial difficulty
tumbling	v.	fall suddenly and sharply
tumbling	v.	put clothes in a tumbling barrel, where they are whirled about in hot air, usually with the purpose of drying
tumbling	v.	suffer a sudden downfall, overthrow, or defeat
tumbling	v.	do gymnastics, roll and turn skillfully
tumbrel	n.	a farm dumpcart for carrying dung; carts of this type were used to carry prisoners to the guillotine during the French Revolution
tumescence	n.	tumidity resulting from the presence of blood or other fluid in the tissues
tumescent	adj.	abnormally distended especially by fluids or gas
tumid	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
tumid	adj.	abnormally distended especially by fluids or gas
tumid	adj.	of sexual organs; stiff and rigid
tumidity	n.	slight swelling of an organ or part
tummy	n.	slang for a paunch
tummy	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
tumor	n.	an abnormal new mass of tissue that serves no purpose
tums	n.	an antacid
tums	n.	an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion
tumult	n.	a state of commotion and noise and confusion
tumult	n.	violent agitation
tumult	n.	the act of making a noisy disturbance
tumultuous	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination
tun	n.	a large cask especially one holding a volume equivalent to 2 butts or 252 gals
tuna	n.	tropical American prickly pear of Jamaica
tuna	n.	important warm-water fatty fish of the genus Thunnus of the family Scombridae; usually served as steaks
tuna	n.	any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters
tuna	n.	New Zealand eel
tundra	n.	a vast treeless plain in the Arctic regions where the subsoil is permanently frozen
tune	n.	a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
tune	n.	the property of producing accurately a note of a given pitch
tune	n.	the adjustment of a radio receiver or other circuit to a required frequency
tune	v.	adjust for (better) functioning
tune	v.	adjust the pitches of (musical instruments)
tuneful	adj.	having a musical sound; especially a pleasing tune
tunefulness	n.	the property of having a melody
tuneless	adj.	not having a musical sound or pleasing tune
tuner	n.	someone who tunes pianos
tuner	n.	an electronic receiver that detects and demodulates and amplifies transmitted signals
tungsten	n.	a heavy grey-white metallic element; the pure form is used mainly in electrical applications; it is found in several ores including wolframite and scheelite
tungus	n.	a member of the Tungus speaking people of Mongolian race who are a nomadic people widely spread over eastern Siberia; related to the Manchu
tungus	n.	the Tungusic language of the Evenki in eastern Siberia
tunguska	n.	a river in Siberia that flows northwest to become a tributary of the Yenisei River
tunguska	n.	a river that arises to the north of Lake Baikal and flows north and west to the Yenisei River
tunguska	n.	a river in southeastern Siberia that flows northwest from Lake Baikal to become a tributary of the Yenisei River
tunic	n.	an enveloping or covering membrane or layer of body tissue
tunic	n.	any of a variety of loose fitting cloaks extending to the hips or knees
tunis	n.	the capital and principal port of Tunisia
tunisia	n.	a republic in northwestern Africa on the Mediterranean coast; achieved independence from France in 1956
tunisian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Tunisia
tunisian	adj.	of or relating to the city of Tunis or its residents
tunisian	adj.	of or relating to Tunisia or its inhabitants
tunnel	n.	a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars)
tunnel	n.	a hole made by an animal, usually for shelter
tunnel	v.	move through by or as by digging
tunnel	v.	force a way through
tunney	n.	United States prizefighter who won the world heavyweight championship by defeating Jack Dempsey twice (1898-1978)
tunny	n.	important warm-water fatty fish of the genus Thunnus of the family Scombridae; usually served as steaks
tunny	n.	any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters
tupi	n.	a member of the South American Indian people living in Brazil and Paraguay
tupi	n.	the language spoken by the Tupi of Brazil and Paraguay
tuppence	n.	a former United Kingdom silver coin; United Kingdom bronze decimal coin worth two pennies
tupungato	n.	a mountain in the Andes on the border between Argentina and Chile (22,310 feet high)
turban	n.	a traditional Muslim headdress consisting of a long scarf wrapped around the head
turban	n.	a small round woman's hat
turbid	adj.	(of liquids) clouded as with sediment
turbidity	n.	muddiness created by stirring up sediment or having foreign particles suspended
turbine	n.	rotary engine in which the kinetic energy of a moving fluid is converted into mechanical energy by causing a bladed rotor to rotate
turbofan	n.	an airplane propelled by a fanjet engine
turbofan	n.	a jet engine in which a fan driven by a turbine provides extra air to the burner and gives extra thrust
turbojet	n.	an airplane propelled by a fanjet engine
turbojet	n.	a jet engine in which a fan driven by a turbine provides extra air to the burner and gives extra thrust
turboprop	n.	an airplane with an external propeller that is driven by a turbojet engine
turbot	n.	flesh of a large European flatfish
turbot	n.	a large brownish European flatfish
turbulence	n.	unstable flow of a liquid or gas
turbulence	n.	instability in the atmosphere
turbulence	n.	a state of violent disturbance and disorder (as in politics or social conditions generally)
turbulent	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination
turbulent	adj.	(of a liquid) agitated vigorously; in a state of turbulence
turd	n.	obscene terms for feces
tureen	n.	large deep serving dish with a cover; for serving soups and stews
turf	n.	surface layer of ground containing a mat of grass and grass roots
turf	n.	the territory claimed by a juvenile gang as its own
turf	n.	range of jurisdiction or influence
turf	v.	cover (the ground) with a surface layer of grass or grass roots
turgenev	n.	Russian writer of stories and novels and plays (1818-1883)
turgid	adj.	ostentatiously lofty in style
turgid	adj.	abnormally distended especially by fluids or gas
turgidity	n.	pompously embellished language
turin	n.	capital city of the Piemonte region of northwestern Italy
turing	n.	English mathematician who conceived of the Turing machine and broke German codes during World War II (1912-1954)
turk	n.	a native or inhabitant of Turkey
turkestan	n.	a historical region of central Asia that was a center for trade between the East and the West
turkey	n.	large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food
turkey	n.	a Eurasian republic in Asia Minor and the Balkans; on the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in 1918, the Young Turks, led by Kemal Ataturk, established a republic in 1923
turkey	n.	a person who does something thoughtless or annoying
turkey	n.	flesh of large domesticated fowl usually roasted
turkey	n.	an event that fails badly or is totally ineffectual
turkic	n.	a subfamily of Altaic languages
turkic	adj.	of or relating to the people who speak the Turkic language
turkish	n.	a Turkic language spoken by the Turks
turkish	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Turkey or its people or language
turkmenistan	n.	a republic in Asia to the east of the Caspian Sea and to the south of Kazakhstan and to the north of Iran; an Asian soviet from 1925 to 1991
turmeric	n.	widely cultivated tropical plant of India having yellow flowers and a large aromatic deep yellow rhizome; source of a condiment and a yellow dye
turmeric	n.	ground dried rhizome of the turmeric plant used as seasoning
turmoil	n.	a violent disturbance
turmoil	n.	violent agitation
turmoil	n.	disturbance usually in protest
turn	n.	a circular segment of a curve
turn	n.	the act of changing or reversing the direction of the course
turn	n.	(game) the activity of doing something in an agreed succession
turn	n.	an unforeseen development
turn	n.	a movement in a new direction
turn	n.	the act of turning away or in the opposite direction
turn	n.	turning or twisting around (in place)
turn	n.	a time for working (after which you will be relieved by someone else)
turn	n.	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive
turn	n.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program
turn	n.	a favor for someone
turn	n.	taking a short walk out and back
turn	v.	change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense
turn	v.	undergo a transformation or a change of position or action
turn	v.	undergo a change or development
turn	v.	cause to move around or rotate
turn	v.	change to the contrary
turn	v.	pass to the other side of
turn	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
turn	v.	let (something) fall or spill from a container
turn	v.	move around an axis or a center
turn	v.	cause to move around a center so as to show another side of
turn	v.	to send or let go
turn	v.	to break and turn over earth especially with a plow
turn	v.	shape by rotating on a lathe or cutting device or a wheel
turn	v.	change color
turn	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
turn	v.	cause to change or turn into something different;assume new characteristics
turn	v.	accomplish by rotating
turn	v.	get by buying and selling
turn	v.	cause to move along an axis or into a new direction
turn	v.	channel one's attention, interest, thought, or attention toward or away from something
turn	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
turn	v.	alter the functioning or setting of
turn	v.	direct at someone
turn	v.	have recourse to or make an appeal or request for help or information to
turn	v.	go sour or spoil
turn	v.	become officially one year older
turnabout	n.	a decision to reverse an earlier decision
turnabout	n.	turning in the opposite direction
turnaround	n.	time need to prepare a vessel or ship for a return trip
turnaround	n.	a decision to reverse an earlier decision
turnaround	n.	an area sufficiently large for a vehicle to turn around
turnaround	n.	act or process of unloading and loading and servicing a vessel or aircraft for a return trip
turnaround	n.	turning in the opposite direction
turnbuckle	n.	an oblong metal coupling with a swivel at one end and an internal thread at the other into which a threaded rod can be screwed in order to form a unit that can be adjusted for length or tension
turncoat	n.	a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
turner	n.	United States slave and insurrectionist who in 1831 led a rebellion of slaves in Virginia; he was captured and executed (1800-1831)
turner	n.	United States endocrinologist (1892-1970)
turner	n.	English landscape painter whose treatment of light and color influenced the French impressionists (1775-1851)
turner	n.	United States historian who stressed the role of the western frontier in American history (1861-1951)
turner	n.	a tumbler who is a member of a turnverein
turner	n.	a lathe operator
turner	n.	one of two persons who swing ropes for jumpers to skip over in the game of jump rope
turner	n.	cooking utensil having a flat flexible part and a long handle; used for turning or serving food
turning	n.	the act of changing or reversing the direction of the course
turning	n.	act of changing in practice or custom
turning	n.	a shaving created when something is produced by turning it on a lathe
turning	n.	a movement in a new direction
turning	n.	the end-product created by shaping something on a lathe
turning	n.	the activity of shaping something on a lathe
turning	v.	change orientation or direction, also in the abstract sense
turning	v.	undergo a transformation or a change of position or action
turning	v.	undergo a change or development
turning	v.	cause to move around or rotate
turning	v.	change to the contrary
turning	v.	pass to the other side of
turning	v.	pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become
turning	v.	let (something) fall or spill from a container
turning	v.	move around an axis or a center
turning	v.	cause to move around a center so as to show another side of
turning	v.	to send or let go
turning	v.	to break and turn over earth especially with a plow
turning	v.	shape by rotating on a lathe or cutting device or a wheel
turning	v.	change color
turning	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
turning	v.	cause to change or turn into something different;assume new characteristics
turning	v.	accomplish by rotating
turning	v.	get by buying and selling
turning	v.	cause to move along an axis or into a new direction
turning	v.	channel one's attention, interest, thought, or attention toward or away from something
turning	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
turning	v.	alter the functioning or setting of
turning	v.	direct at someone
turning	v.	have recourse to or make an appeal or request for help or information to
turning	v.	go sour or spoil
turning	v.	become officially one year older
turnip	n.	widely cultivated plant having a large fleshy edible white or yellow root
turnip	n.	root of any of several members of the mustard family
turnkey	n.	someone who guards prisoners
turnoff	n.	something causing antagonism or loss of interest
turnoff	n.	a side road where you can turn off
turnout	n.	the group that gathers together for a particular occasion
turnout	n.	a part of a road that has been widened to allow cars to pass or park
turnout	n.	a short stretch of railroad track used to store rolling stock or enable trains on the same line to pass
turnout	n.	what is produced in a given time period
turnout	n.	a set of clothing (with accessories)
turnout	n.	attendance for a particular event or purpose (as to vote in an election)
turnout	n.	(ballet) the outward rotation of a dancer's leg from the hip
turnover	n.	the ratio of the number of workers that had to be replaced in a given time period to the average number of workers
turnover	n.	a dish made by folding a piece of pastry over a filling
turnover	n.	the volume measured in dollars
turnover	n.	the act of upsetting something
turnpike	n.	(from 16th to 19th centuries) gates set across a road to prevent passage until a toll had been paid
turnpike	n.	an expressway on which tolls are collected
turnstile	n.	a gate consisting of a post that acts as a pivot for rotating arms; set in a passageway for controlling the persons entering
turntable	n.	a circular horizontal platform that rotates a phonograph record while it is being played
turntable	n.	a revolving tray placed on a dining table
turntable	n.	a rotatable platform with a track; used to turn locomotives and cars
turpentine	n.	obtained from conifers (especially pines)
turpentine	n.	volatile liquid distilled from turpentine oleoresin; used as paint thinner and solvent and medicinally
turpin	n.	English highwayman (1706-1739)
turpitude	n.	a corrupt or depraved or degenerate act or practice
turps	n.	volatile liquid distilled from turpentine oleoresin; used as paint thinner and solvent and medicinally
turps	n.	removal of significant amounts of prostate tissue (as in cases of benign prostatic hyperplasia)
turquoise	n.	a blue to grey green mineral consisting of copper aluminum phosphate
turquoise	n.	a shade of blue tinged with green
turret	n.	a small tower extending above a building
turret	n.	a self-contained weapons platform housing guns and capable of rotation
turtle	n.	a sweater or jersey with a high close-fitting collar
turtle	n.	any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like limbs for swimming
turtle	v.	overturn accidentally
turtle	v.	hunt for turtles, especially as an occupation
turtledove	n.	small Australian dove
turtledove	n.	any of several Old World wild doves
turtleneck	n.	a sweater or jersey with a high close-fitting collar
tuscaloosa	n.	a university town in west central Alabama
tuscan	n.	a resident of Tuscany
tuscan	n.	a dialect of Italian spoken in Tuscany (especially Florence)
tuscan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Tuscany or its people
tuscany	n.	a region in central Italy
tuscarora	n.	a member of an Iroquois people who formerly lived in North Carolina and then moved to New York State and joined the Iroquois
tuscarora	n.	the Iroquoian language spoken by the Tuscarora
tush	n.	the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on
tusk	n.	a hard smooth ivory colored dentine that makes up most of the tusks of elephants and walruses
tusk	n.	a long pointed tooth specialized for fighting or digging; especially in an elephant or walrus or hog
tusk	v.	stab or pierce with a horn or tusk
tusk	v.	remove the tusks of animals
tuskegee	n.	a town in eastern Alabama
tussaud	n.	French modeler (resident in England after 1802) who made wax death masks of prominent victims of the French Revolution and toured Britain with her wax models; in 1835 she opened a permanent waxworks exhibition in London (1761-1850)
tussle	n.	disorderly fighting
tussle	v.	fight or struggle in a confused way at close quarters
tussle	v.	make messy or untidy
tussock	n.	a bunch of hair or feathers or growing grass
tut	v.	utter `tsk,' `tut,' or `tut-tut,' as in disapproval
tutankhamen	n.	Pharaoh of Egypt around 1358 BC; his tomb was discovered almost intact by Howard Carter in 1922
tutelage	n.	teaching pupils individually (usually by a tutor hired privately)
tutelage	n.	attention and management implying responsibility for safety
tutelary	adj.	providing protective supervision; watching over or safeguarding
tutor	n.	a person who gives private instruction (as in singing, acting, etc.)
tutor	v.	be a tutor to someone; give individual instruction
tutor	v.	act as a guardian to someone
tutored	v.	be a tutor to someone; give individual instruction
tutored	v.	act as a guardian to someone
tutorial	n.	a session of intensive tuition given by a tutor to an individual or to a small number of students
tutorial	adj.	of or relating to tutors or tutoring
tutorship	n.	teaching pupils individually (usually by a tutor hired privately)
tutsi	n.	a member of a Bantu speaking people living in Rwanda and Burundi
tutu	n.	South African prelate and leader of the antiapartheid struggle (born in 1931)
tutu	n.	very short skirt worn by ballerinas
tuvalu	n.	a small island republic on the Tuvalu islands; formerly part of the British colony of Gilbert and Ellice Islands until it withdrew in 1975 and became independent of the United Kingdom in 1978
tuvalu	n.	a group of coral islands in Micronesia to the southwest of Hawaii
tux	n.	semiformal evening dress for men
tuxedo	n.	semiformal evening dress for men
tv	n.	broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects; ;  - Ernie Kovacs
tv	n.	an electronic device that receives television signals and displays them on a screen
twaddle	n.	pretentious or silly talk or writing
twaddle	v.	speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
twaddler	n.	someone who twaddles; someone who writes or talks twaddle
twain	n.	two items of the same kind
twang	n.	a sharp vibrating sound (as of a plucked string)
twang	n.	exaggerated nasality in speech (as in some regional dialects)
twang	v.	cause to sound with a twang
twang	v.	sound with a twang
twang	v.	twitch or throb with pain
twang	v.	pluck (strings of an instrument)
twang	v.	pronounce with a nasal twang
twat	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
twat	n.	obscene terms for female genitals
tweak	n.	a squeeze with the fingers
tweak	v.	pinch or squeeze sharply
tweak	v.	pull or pull out sharply
tweak	v.	adjust finely
twee	adj.	affectedly dainty or refined
tweed	n.	thick woolen fabric used for clothing; originated in Scotland
tweed	n.	(usually in the plural) trousers made of flannel or gabardine or tweed or white cloth
tweeds	n.	thick woolen fabric used for clothing; originated in Scotland
tweeds	n.	(usually in the plural) trousers made of flannel or gabardine or tweed or white cloth
tweedy	adj.	of textiles; having a rough surface
tweedy	adj.	(of country gentry) informal, clannish and outdoorsy
tweet	n.	a weak chirping sound as of a small bird
tweet	v.	make a weak, chirping sound
tweet	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
tweeter	n.	a loudspeaker that reproduces higher audio frequency sounds
tweezers	n.	a hand tool for holding consisting of a compound lever for grasping
twelfth	n.	position 12 in a countable series of things
twelfth	n.	one part in twelve equal parts
twelfth	adj.	coming next after the eleventh and just before the thirteenth in position
twelfths	n.	position 12 in a countable series of things
twelfths	n.	one part in twelve equal parts
twelve	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
twelve	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units
twelvemonth	n.	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days
twelvemonths	n.	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days
twentieth	n.	position 20 in a countable series of things
twentieth	adj.	coming next after the nineteenth in position
twentieths	n.	position 20 in a countable series of things
twenty	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one
twenty	n.	a United States bill worth 20 dollars
twenty	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 20 items or units
twerp	n.	someone who is regarded as contemptible
twice	adv.	two times
twice	adv.	to double the degree
twiddle	n.	a series of small (usually idle) twists or turns
twiddle	v.	turn in a twisting or spinning motion
twiddle	v.	manipulate, as in a nervous or unconscious manner
twig	n.	a small branch or division of a branch (especially a terminal division); usually applied to branches of the current or preceding year
twig	v.	branch out in a twiglike manner
twig	v.	understand, usually after some initial difficulty
twigged	v.	branch out in a twiglike manner
twigged	v.	understand, usually after some initial difficulty
twigging	v.	branch out in a twiglike manner
twigging	v.	understand, usually after some initial difficulty
twiggy	adj.	thin as a twig
twilight	n.	the time of day immediately following sunset
twilight	n.	the diffused light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon but its rays are refracted by the atmosphere of the earth
twilight	n.	a condition of decline following successes
twilight	adj.	lighted by or as if by twilight; -Henry Fielding
twilit	adj.	lighted by or as if by twilight; -Henry Fielding
twill	n.	a weave used to produce the effect of parallel diagonal ribs
twill	n.	a cloth with parallel diagonal lines or ribs
twill	v.	weave diagonal lines into (textiles)
twin	n.	either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy
twin	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Gemini
twin	n.	a waterfall in the Snake River in southern Idaho
twin	n.	a duplicate copy
twin	v.	duplicate or match
twin	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
twin	v.	grow as twins
twin	v.	give birth to twins
twin	adj.	being two identical
twine	n.	a lightweight cord
twine	v.	spin,wind, or twist together
twine	v.	arrange or or coil around
twine	v.	make by twisting together or intertwining
twine	v.	form into a spiral shape
twiner	n.	someone who intertwines (e.g. threads) or forms something by twisting or interlacing
twiner	adj.	being two identical
twinge	n.	a sudden sharp feeling
twinge	n.	a sharp stab of pain
twinge	v.	cause a stinging pain
twinge	v.	feel a sudden sharp, local pain
twinge	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
twinkies	n.	a small sponge cake with a synthetic cream filling
twinkle	n.	a rapid change in brightness; a brief spark or flash
twinkle	n.	merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance
twinkle	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
twinkle	v.	emit or reflect light in a flickering manner
twinkling	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
twinkling	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
twinkling	v.	emit or reflect light in a flickering manner
twinkling	adj.	shining intermittently with a sparkling light
twinned	v.	duplicate or match
twinned	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
twinned	v.	grow as twins
twinned	v.	give birth to twins
twinned	adj.	being two identical
twinning	v.	duplicate or match
twinning	v.	bring two objects, ideas, or people together
twinning	v.	grow as twins
twinning	v.	give birth to twins
twinning	adj.	producing two offspring at a time
twirl	n.	a sharp bend in a line produced when a line having a loop is pulled tight
twirl	n.	the act of rotating rapidly
twirl	v.	turn in a twisting or spinning motion
twirl	v.	cause to spin
twirler	n.	someone who twirls a baton
twirler	n.	(baseball) the person who does the pitching
twist	n.	an unforeseen development
twist	n.	an interpretation of a text or action
twist	n.	any clever maneuver
twist	n.	the act of rotating rapidly
twist	n.	a sharp strain on muscles or ligaments
twist	n.	a sharp bend in a line produced when a line having a loop is pulled tight
twist	n.	a circular segment of a curve
twist	n.	a miniature whirlpool or whirlwind resulting when the current of a fluid doubles back on itself
twist	n.	a jerky pulling movement
twist	n.	a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair
twist	n.	social dancing in which couples vigorously twist their hips and arms in time to the music; was popular in the 1960s
twist	n.	the act of winding or twisting
twist	n.	turning or twisting around (in place)
twist	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
twist	v.	cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form
twist	v.	turn in the opposite direction
twist	v.	form into a spiral shape
twist	v.	form into twists
twist	v.	extend in curves and turns
twist	v.	do the twist
twist	v.	twist or pull violently or suddenly, especially so as to remove (something) from that to which it is attached or from where it originates
twist	v.	practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive
twist	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
twister	n.	a localized and violently destructive windstorm occurring over land characterized by a funnel-shaped cloud extending toward the ground
twister	n.	small friedcake formed into twisted strips and fried; richer than doughnuts
twisty	adj.	marked by repeated turns and bends
twit	n.	someone who is regarded as contemptible
twit	n.	aggravation by deriding or mocking or criticizing
twit	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
twitch	n.	a sudden muscle spasm; especially one caused by a nervous condition
twitch	v.	make an uncontrolled, short, jerky motion
twitch	v.	move with abrupt, seemingly uncontrolled motions
twitch	v.	toss with a sharp movement so as to cause to turn over in the air
twitch	v.	squeeze tightly between the fingers
twitch	v.	move or pull with a sudden motion
twitted	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
twitter	n.	a series of chirps
twitter	v.	make high-pitched sounds, as of birds
twitting	v.	harass with persistent criticism or carping
two	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one or a numeral representing this number
two	n.	one of the four playing cards in a deck that have two spots
two	adj.	being one more than one
twofer	n.	an offer of two for the price of one
twofer	n.	a coupon that allows the holder to purchase two items (as two tickets to a play) for the price of one
twofold	adj.	having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; ; - R.W.Emerson; -Frederick Harrison
twofold	adj.	twice as great or many
twofold	adv.	by a factor of two
twopence	n.	a former United Kingdom silver coin; United Kingdom bronze decimal coin worth two pennies
twopenny	adj.	of trifling worth
twosome	n.	two items of the same kind
twosome	n.	a pair who associate with one another
tx	n.	the second largest state; located in southwestern United States on the Gulf of Mexico
tycoon	n.	a very wealthy or powerful businessman
tying	n.	the act of tying or binding things together
tying	v.	fasten or secure with a rope, string, or cord
tying	v.	finish a game with an equal number of points, goals, etc.
tying	v.	limit or restrict to
tying	v.	connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces
tying	v.	form a knot or bow in
tying	v.	create social or emotional ties
tying	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
tying	v.	make by tying pieces together
tying	v.	unite musical notes by a tie
tyke	n.	a native of Yorkshire
tyke	n.	a crude uncouth ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement
tyke	n.	a young person of either sex
tylenol	n.	an analgesic for mild pain but not for inflammation; also used as an antipyretic; (Datril, Tylenol, Panadol, Phenaphen, Tempra, and Anacin III are trademarks of brands of acetaminophen tablets)
tyler	n.	elected vice president and became the 10th President of the United States when Harrison died (1790-1862)
tyler	n.	a town in northeast Texas
tympani	n.	a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
tympanic	adj.	resembling a drum
tympanic	adj.	associated with the eardrum
tympanist	n.	a person who plays the kettledrums
tympanum	n.	the main cavity of the ear; between the eardrum and the inner ear
tympanum	n.	the membrane in the ear that vibrates to sound
tympanum	n.	a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it
tyndale	n.	English translator and Protestant martyr; his translation of the Bible into English (which later formed the basis for the King James Version) aroused ecclesiastical opposition; he left England in 1524 and was burned at the stake in Antwerp as a heretic (1494-1536)
tyndall	n.	British physicist (born in Ireland) remembered for his experiments on the transparency of gases and the absorption of radiant heat by gases and the transmission of sound through the atmosphere; he was the first person to explain why the daylight sky is blue (1820-1893)
type	n.	a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
type	n.	a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities)
type	n.	(biology) the taxonomic group whose characteristics are used to define the next higher taxon
type	n.	printed characters
type	n.	all of the tokens of the same symbol
type	n.	a small metal block bearing a raised character on one end; produces a printed character when inked and pressed on paper
type	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
type	v.	identify as belonging to a certain type
typecast	v.	cast repeatedly in the same kind of role
typecast	v.	identify as belonging to a certain type
typeface	n.	a specific size and style of type within a type family
typescript	n.	typewritten matter especially a typewritten copy of a manuscript
typeset	v.	set in type
typesetter	n.	one who sets written material into type
typesetting	v.	set in type
typewrite	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
typewriter	n.	hand-operated character printer for printing written messages one character at a time
typewriting	n.	writing done with a typewriter
typewriting	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
typewritten	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
typewrote	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
typhoid	n.	serious infection marked by intestinal inflammation and ulceration; caused by Salmonella typhosa ingested with food or water
typhoon	n.	a tropical cyclone occurring in the western Pacific or Indian oceans
typhus	n.	rickettsial disease transmitted by body lice and characterized by skin rash and high fever
typical	adj.	exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or category
typical	adj.	of a feature that helps to distinguish a person or thing; - Curtis Wilkie
typical	adj.	conforming to a type
typicality	n.	the state of being that is typical
typification	n.	a representational or typifying form or model
typification	n.	the act of representing by a type or symbol; the action of typifying
typify	v.	embody the essential characteristics of or be a typical example of
typify	v.	express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol
typing	n.	writing done with a typewriter
typing	v.	write by means of a keyboard with types
typing	v.	identify as belonging to a certain type
typist	n.	someone paid to operate a typewriter
typo	n.	a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind
typographer	n.	one who sets written material into type
typographic	adj.	relating to or occurring or used in typography
typographical	adj.	relating to or occurring or used in typography
typography	n.	the craft of composing type and printing from it
typography	n.	art and technique of printing with movable type
typology	n.	classification according to general type
tyrannic	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
tyrannical	adj.	marked by unjust severity or arbitrary behavior
tyrannical	adj.	characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
tyrannicide	n.	killing a tyrant
tyrannize	v.	rule a country as a tyrant
tyrannize	v.	rule or exercise power over (somebody) in a cruel and autocratic manner
tyrannosaur	n.	large carnivorous bipedal dinosaur having enormous teeth with knifelike serrations; may have been a scavenger rather than an active predator; later Cretaceous period in North America
tyrannosaurus	n.	large carnivorous bipedal dinosaur having enormous teeth with knifelike serrations; may have been a scavenger rather than an active predator; later Cretaceous period in North America
tyrannous	adj.	marked by unjust severity or arbitrary behavior
tyranny	n.	a form of government in which the ruler is an absolute dictator (not restricted by a constitution or laws or opposition etc.)
tyranny	n.	dominance through threat of punishment and violence
tyrant	n.	a cruel and oppressive dictator
tyrant	n.	in ancient Greece, a ruler who had seized power without legal right to it
tyrant	n.	any person who exercises power in a cruel way
tyre	n.	a port in southern Lebanon on the Mediterranean Sea; formerly a major Phoenician seaport famous for silks
tyre	n.	hoop that covers a wheel
tyro	n.	someone new to a field or activity
tyrolean	n.	a native or inhabitant of the Tyrol
tyrolean	n.	soft green felt hat with a feather or brush cockade
tyrolean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the Tyrol or its people
tyson	n.	United States prizefighter who was world heavyweight champion (born in 1966)
u	n.	a base containing nitrogen that is found in RNA (but not in DNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine
u	n.	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons
u	n.	the 21st letter of the Roman alphabet
u	adj.	(chiefly British) of or appropriate to the upper classes especially in language use
ubiquitous	adj.	being present everywhere at once
ubiquity	n.	the state of being everywhere at once (or seeming to be everywhere at once)
udder	n.	mammary gland of bovids (cows and sheep and goats)
ufa	n.	a city in the European part of Russia
ufo	n.	an (apparently) flying object whose nature is unknown; especially those considered to have extraterrestrial origins
uganda	n.	a landlocked republic in eastern Africa; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1962
ugandan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Uganda
ugandan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Uganda or its people
ugliness	n.	qualities of appearance that do not give pleasure to the senses
ugliness	n.	the quality of being wicked
ugly	adj.	displeasing to the senses
ugly	adj.	inclined to anger or bad feelings with overtones of menace
ugly	adj.	morally reprehensible
ugly	adj.	provoking horror; ; ; ; - Winston Churchill
uhf	n.	300 to 3000 megahertz
uighur	n.	a member of a people who speak Uighur and live in Xinjiang and adjacent areas
uighur	n.	the Turkic language spoken by approximately 7,000,000 Uighur in extreme northwestern China
uighur	n.	the script (derived from Aramaic) used to write the Uighur language
uk	n.	a monarchy in northwestern Europe occupying most of the British Isles; divided into England and Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland; `Great Britain' is often used loosely to refer to the United Kingdom
ukase	n.	an edict of the Russian tsar
ukraine	n.	a republic in southeastern Europe; formerly a European soviet; the center of the original Russian state which came into existence in the ninth century
ukrainian	n.	the Slavic language spoken in the Ukraine
ukrainian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Ukraine or its people or culture
ukulele	n.	a small guitar having four strings
ulcer	n.	a circumscribed inflammatory and often suppurating lesion on the skin or an internal mucous surface resulting in necrosis of tissue
ulcerate	v.	undergo ulceration
ulcerate	v.	affect with an ulcer
ulceration	n.	a circumscribed inflammatory and often suppurating lesion on the skin or an internal mucous surface resulting in necrosis of tissue
ulceration	n.	the process of ulcer formation; the process of becoming ulcerated
ulcerous	adj.	having an ulcer or canker
ulna	n.	the inner and longer of the two bones of the human forearm
ulnae	n.	the inner and longer of the two bones of the human forearm
ulnar	adj.	relating to or near the ulna
ulster	n.	a historic division of Ireland located in the northeastern part of the island; six of Ulster's nine counties are in Northern Ireland
ulster	n.	loose long overcoat of heavy fabric; usually belted
ult	adj.	in or of the month preceding the present one
ulterior	adj.	lying beyond what is openly revealed or avowed (especially being kept in the background or deliberately concealed); ; - Bertrand Russell
ulterior	adj.	beyond or outside an area of immediate interest; remote; ; - G.B.Shaw
ulterior	adj.	coming at a subsequent time or stage
ultimate	n.	the finest or most superior quality of its kind
ultimate	adj.	furthest or highest in degree or order; utmost or extreme
ultimate	adj.	being the last or concluding element of a series
ultimatum	n.	a final peremptory demand
ultimo	adj.	in or of the month preceding the present one
ultra	adj.	(used of opinions and actions) far beyond the norm
ultraconservative	n.	an extreme conservative; an opponent of progress or liberalism
ultraconservative	adj.	extremely conservative
ultramarine	n.	blue pigment made of powdered lapis lazuli
ultramarine	n.	a vivid blue to purple-blue color
ultramarine	adj.	of a brilliant pure blue to purplish blue color
ultramodern	adj.	extremely modern
ultrasonic	adj.	having frequencies above those of audible sound
ultrasonically	adv.	by ultrasonic means
ultrasound	n.	very high frequency sound; used in ultrasonography
ultrasound	n.	using the reflections of high-frequency sound waves to construct an image of a body organ (a sonogram); commonly used to observe fetal growth or study bodily organs
ultrasuede	n.	a synthetic suede cloth
ultraviolet	n.	radiation lying in the ultraviolet range; wave lengths shorter than light but longer than X rays
ultraviolet	adj.	having or employing wavelengths shorter than light but longer than X-rays; lying outside the visible spectrum at its violet end
ululate	v.	emit long loud cries
ululation	n.	a long loud emotional utterance
ulysses	n.	(Roman mythology) Roman spelling for Odysseus
umbel	n.	flat-topped or rounded inflorescence characteristic of the family Umbelliferae in which the individual flower stalks arise from about the same point; youngest flowers are at the center
umber	n.	an earth pigment
umber	n.	a medium brown to dark-brown color
umber	adj.	of the color of any of various natural brown earth pigments
umbilical	n.	membranous duct connecting the fetus with the placenta
umbilical	adj.	relating to or resembling the umbilicus
umbilici	n.	a scar where the umbilical cord was attached
umbilicus	n.	a scar where the umbilical cord was attached
umbra	n.	a region of complete shadow resulting from total obstruction of light
umbrage	n.	a feeling of anger caused by being offended
umbrella	n.	a lightweight handheld collapsible canopy
umbrella	n.	a formation of military planes maintained over ground operations or targets
umbrella	n.	having the function of uniting a group of similar things
umbrella	adj.	covering or applying simultaneously to a number of similar items or elements or groups
umlaut	n.	a diacritical mark (two dots) placed over a vowel in German to indicate a change in sound
ump	n.	an official at a baseball game
umpire	n.	an official at a baseball game
umpire	n.	someone chosen to judge and decide a disputed issue
umpire	v.	be a referee or umpire in a sports competition
umpteen	adj.	innumerable but many
un	n.	an organization of independent states formed in 1945 to promote international peace and security
unabridged	n.	a dictionary that has not been shortened by the omitting terms or definitions; a comprehensive dictionary
unabridged	adj.	(used of texts) not shortened
unacceptability	n.	unsatisfactoriness by virtue of not conforming to approved standards
unacceptable	adj.	not adequate to give satisfaction
unacceptable	adj.	not acceptable; not welcome
unacceptable	adj.	used of persons or their behavior
unacceptable	adj.	not conforming to standard usage
unaccommodating	adj.	not accommodating
unaccommodating	adj.	offering no assistance
unaccountably	adv.	in an unaccountable manner
unadventurous	adj.	lacking in boldness
unaesthetic	adj.	violating aesthetic canons or requirements; deficient in tastefulness or beauty
unalterably	adv.	in an unalterable and unchangeable manner
unambitious	adj.	having little desire for success or achievement
unanimity	n.	everyone being of one mind
unanimous	adj.	in complete agreement
unanimous	adj.	acting together as a single undiversified whole
unapparent	adj.	not readily apparent
unappetizing	adj.	not appetizing in appearance, aroma, or taste
unappreciative	adj.	not feeling or expressing gratitude
unary	adj.	consisting of or involving a single element or component
unassertive	adj.	inclined to timidity or lack of self-confidence
unassuming	adj.	not arrogant or presuming
unavailing	adj.	producing no result or effect
unaware	adj.	(often followed by `of') not aware
unbeknownst	adj.	(usually used with `to') occurring or existing without the knowledge of
unbeknownst	adv.	without someone's knowledge
unbend	v.	straighten up or out; make straight
unbend	v.	unfasten, as a sail, from a spar or a stay
unbend	v.	free from flexure
unbend	v.	make less taut
unbend	v.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease
unbend	v.	release from mental strain, tension, or formality
unbent	v.	straighten up or out; make straight
unbent	v.	unfasten, as a sail, from a spar or a stay
unbent	v.	free from flexure
unbent	v.	make less taut
unbent	v.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease
unbent	v.	release from mental strain, tension, or formality
unbent	adj.	not bent
unbent	adj.	erect in posture
unblinking	adj.	showing no visible emotion
unblinking	adj.	not shrinking from danger
unblushing	adj.	feeling no shame
unbosom	v.	relieve oneself of troubling information
unbound	v.	untie or unfasten
unbound	adj.	not secured within a cover
unbound	adj.	not restrained or tied down by bonds
unbound	adj.	not held in chemical or physical combination
unbox	v.	remove from a box
unbreakable	adj.	impossible to break especially under ordinary usage
unbroken	adj.	marked by continuous or uninterrupted extension in space or time or sequence
unbroken	adj.	not subdued or trained for service or use
unbroken	adj.	(of farmland) not plowed
unbroken	adj.	(especially of promises or contracts) not violated or disregarded
unbroken	adj.	not broken; whole and intact; in one piece
uncanny	adj.	suggesting the operation of supernatural influences; ; ; - John Galsworthy; ; - Henry Kingsley
uncanny	adj.	surpassing the ordinary or normal;  - George Will
uncaring	adj.	lacking affection or warm feeling
uncaring	adj.	without care or thought for others
unceasing	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
unceasing	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
unchangeable	adj.	not changeable or subject to change; -Ashley Montagu
uncharacteristic	adj.	distinctive and not typical
uncharitable	adj.	lacking love and generosity; - Charles Reade
unchaste	adj.	not chaste
uncial	n.	a style of orthography characterized by somewhat rounded capital letters; found especially in Greek and Latin manuscripts of the 4th to 8th centuries
uncial	adj.	relating to or written in majuscule letters (which resemble modern capitals)
uncle	n.	the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt
uncle	n.	a source of help and advice and encouragement
unclean	adj.	soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime
unclean	adj.	having a physical or moral blemish so as to make impure according to dietary or ceremonial laws; ; -Leviticus 11:3
uncleanly	adj.	habitually unclean
unclear	adj.	poorly stated or described
unclear	adj.	not clear to the mind
unclear	adj.	not easily deciphered
uncomfortable	adj.	conducive to or feeling mental discomfort
uncomfortable	adj.	providing or experiencing physical discomfort
uncommon	adj.	not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great in amount or remarkable in character or kind
uncommon	adj.	marked by an uncommon quality; especially superlative or extreme of its kind; -J.R.Lowell
uncomplaining	adj.	not complaining
uncomplicated	adj.	lacking complexity
uncomplicated	adj.	easy and not involved or complicated
uncomprehending	adj.	lacking understanding
uncompromising	adj.	not making concessions
unconditional	adj.	not conditional
unconditional	adj.	not modified or restricted by reservations
unconditional	adj.	not contingent; not determined or influenced by someone or something else
uncongenial	adj.	not suitable to your tastes or needs
uncongenial	adj.	very unfavorable to life or growth
uncongenial	adj.	used of plant stock or scions; incapable of being grafted
unconscionable	adj.	lacking a conscience
unconscionable	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
unconscious	n.	that part of the mind wherein psychic activity takes place of which the person is unaware
unconscious	adj.	not conscious; lacking awareness and the capacity for sensory perception as if asleep or dead
unconscious	adj.	without conscious volition
unconscious	adj.	(followed by `of') not knowing or perceiving; - Charles Dickens
unconstitutional	adj.	not consistent with or according to a constitution; contrary to the U.S. Constitution
uncontrollably	adv.	in an uncontrolled manner
uncontroversial	adj.	not likely to arouse controversy
uncool	adj.	(spoken slang) unfashionable and boring
uncooperative	adj.	unwilling to cooperate
uncooperative	adj.	intentionally unaccommodating
uncouth	adj.	lacking refinement or cultivation or taste
unction	n.	excessive but superficial compliments given with affected charm
unction	n.	smug self-serving earnestness
unction	n.	semisolid preparation (usually containing a medicine) applied externally as a remedy or for soothing an irritation
unction	n.	anointing as part of a religious ceremony or healing ritual
unctuous	adj.	unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech
unctuousness	n.	smug self-serving earnestness
uncut	adj.	not trimmed
uncut	adj.	(used of grass or vegetation) not cut down with a hand implement or machine
uncut	adj.	not shaped by cutting or trimming
uncut	adj.	(of pages of a book) having adjacent leaves still joined at the fore edge
uncut	adj.	not cut
uncut	adj.	not cut; - Tobias Smollett
uncut	adj.	complete
undaunted	adj.	unshaken in purpose
undaunted	adj.	resolutely courageous
undecided	adj.	not brought to a conclusion; subject to further thought
undecided	adj.	characterized by indecision
undecided	adj.	not yet having made a commitment
undemonstrative	adj.	not given to open expression of emotion
undeniably	adv.	to an undeniable degree or in an undeniable manner
under	adj.	located below or beneath something else
under	adj.	lower in rank, power, or authority
under	adv.	down to defeat, death, or ruin
under	adv.	through a range downward
under	adv.	into unconsciousness
under	adv.	in or into a state of subordination or subjugation
under	adv.	below some quantity or limit
under	adv.	below the horizon
under	adv.	down below
under	adv.	further down
underachieve	v.	perform less well or with less success than expected
underachiever	n.	a student who does not perform as well as expected or as well as the IQ indicates
underact	v.	act (a role) with great restraint
underage	adj.	not of legal age
underage	adj.	dependent by virtue of youth
underarm	adj.	with hand brought forward and up from below shoulder level
underarm	adv.	with the hand swung below shoulder level
underbelly	n.	lower side
underbelly	n.	the soft belly or underside of an animal's body
underbelly	n.	the quality of being weak or unprotected; - Winston Churchill
underbid	v.	bid (a hand of cards) at less than the strength of the hand warrants
underbid	v.	bid lower than a competing bidder
underbid	v.	bid too low
underbidding	v.	bid (a hand of cards) at less than the strength of the hand warrants
underbidding	v.	bid lower than a competing bidder
underbidding	v.	bid too low
underbrush	n.	the brush (small trees and bushes and ferns etc.) growing beneath taller trees in a wood or forest
undercarriage	n.	framework that serves as a support for the body of a vehicle
undercharge	n.	a price that is too low
undercharge	n.	an insufficient charge
undercharge	v.	charge (someone) too little money
underclass	n.	the social class lowest in the social hierarchy
underclass	adj.	belonging to the lowest and least privileged social stratum
underclassman	n.	an undergraduate who is not yet a senior
underclassmen	n.	an undergraduate who is not yet a senior
underclothes	n.	undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments
underclothing	n.	undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments
undercoat	n.	seal consisting of a coating of a tar or rubberlike material on the underside of a motor vehicle to retard corrosion
undercoat	n.	the first or preliminary coat of paint or size applied to a surface
undercoat	n.	thick soft fur lying beneath the longer and coarser guard hair
undercoat	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
undercoating	v.	cover with a primer; apply a primer to
undercover	adj.	conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods
undercurrent	n.	a subdued emotional quality underlying an utterance; implicit meaning
undercurrent	n.	a current below the surface of a fluid
undercut	n.	the material removed by a cut made underneath
undercut	n.	the tender meat of the loin muscle on each side of the vertebral column
undercut	n.	a notch cut in the trunk of tree in order to determine the direction of its fall
undercut	n.	(sports) a stroke that puts reverse spin on the ball
undercut	n.	a cut made underneath to remove material
undercut	v.	sell cheaper than one's competition
undercut	v.	cut away material from the underside of (an object) so as to leave an overhanging portion in relief
undercut	v.	cut away the underpart of
undercut	v.	strike (the ball) in golf, tennis, or hockey obliquely downward so as to give a backspin or elevation to the shot
undercut	v.	cut obliquely into (a tree) below the main cut and on the side toward which the tree will fall
undercutting	v.	sell cheaper than one's competition
undercutting	v.	cut away material from the underside of (an object) so as to leave an overhanging portion in relief
undercutting	v.	cut away the underpart of
undercutting	v.	strike (the ball) in golf, tennis, or hockey obliquely downward so as to give a backspin or elevation to the shot
undercutting	v.	cut obliquely into (a tree) below the main cut and on the side toward which the tree will fall
underdeveloped	v.	process (a film or photographic plate) less than the required time or in an ineffective solution or at an insufficiently high temperature
underdeveloped	adj.	relating to societies in which capital needed to industrialize is in short supply
underdeveloped	adj.	not yet fully developed
underdevelopment	n.	state of inadequate development
underdevelopment	n.	(photography) inadequate processing of film resulting in inadequate contrast
underdog	n.	one at a disadvantage and expected to lose
underdone	adj.	insufficiently cooked
underemployed	adj.	employed only part-time when one needs full-time employment or not making full use of your skills
underestimate	n.	an estimation that is too low; an estimate that is less than the true or actual value
underestimate	v.	assign too low a value to
underestimate	v.	make a deliberately low estimate
underestimate	v.	make too low an estimate of
underestimation	n.	an estimation that is too low; an estimate that is less than the true or actual value
underexpose	v.	expose to too little light
underexpose	v.	expose insufficiently
underexposure	n.	the act of exposing film to too little light or for too short a time
underexposure	n.	inadequate publicity
underfed	adj.	not getting adequate food
underfoot	adv.	under the feet
underfoot	adv.	in the way and hindering progress
underfur	n.	thick soft fur lying beneath the longer and coarser guard hair
undergarment	n.	a garment worn under other garments
undergo	v.	pass through
undergoes	v.	pass through
undergone	v.	pass through
undergrad	n.	a university student who has not yet received a first degree
undergraduate	n.	a university student who has not yet received a first degree
underground	n.	a secret group organized to overthrow a government or occupation force
underground	n.	an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a city)
underground	adj.	under the level of the ground
underground	adj.	conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods
underground	adv.	in or into hiding or secret operation
underground	adv.	beneath the surface of the earth
undergrowth	n.	the brush (small trees and bushes and ferns etc.) growing beneath taller trees in a wood or forest
underhand	adj.	with hand brought forward and up from below shoulder level
underhand	adj.	marked by deception
underhand	adv.	slyly and secretly; - John Donne; - C.G.Bowers
underhand	adv.	with the hand swung below shoulder level
underhanded	adj.	marked by deception
underhanded	adj.	with hand brought forward and up from below shoulder level
underlain	v.	be or form the base for
underlain	v.	lie underneath
underlay	n.	a pad placed under a carpet
underlay	v.	raise or support (the level of printing) by inserting a piece of paper or cardboard under the type
underlay	v.	put (something) under or beneath
underlay	v.	provide with a base, support, lining, or backing
underlay	v.	be or form the base for
underlay	v.	lie underneath
underlie	v.	be or form the base for
underlie	v.	lie underneath
underline	n.	a line drawn underneath (especially under written matter)
underline	v.	give extra weight to (a communication)
underline	v.	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to
underling	n.	an assistant subject to the authority or control of another
underlip	n.	the lower lip
underlying	v.	be or form the base for
underlying	v.	lie underneath
underlying	adj.	in the nature of something though not readily apparent
underlying	adj.	located beneath or below
underlying	adj.	being or involving basic facts or principles
undermanned	adj.	inadequate in number of workers or assistants etc.
undermentioned	adj.	about to be mentioned or specified
undermine	v.	destroy property or hinder normal operations
undermine	v.	hollow out as if making a cave or opening
underneath	adv.	on the lower or downward side; on the underside of
underneath	adv.	under or below an object or a surface; at a lower place or level; directly beneath
undernourished	v.	provide with insufficient quality or quantity of nourishment
undernourished	adj.	not getting adequate food
undernourishment	n.	not having enough food to develop or function normally
underpaid	v.	pay too little
underpants	n.	an undergarment that covers the body from the waist no further than to the thighs; usually worn next to the skin
underpart	n.	a part lying on the lower side or underneath an animal's body
underpass	n.	an underground tunnel or passage enabling pedestrians to cross a road or railway
underpay	v.	pay too little
underpayment	n.	a payment smaller than needed or expected
underpayment	n.	the act of paying less than required
underpin	v.	support from beneath
underpin	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
underpinned	v.	support from beneath
underpinned	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
underpinning	v.	support from beneath
underpinning	v.	support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm
underplay	v.	act (a role) with great restraint
underplay	v.	play a card lower than (a held high card)
underpopulated	adj.	having a lower population density than normal or desirable
underprivileged	adj.	lacking the rights and advantages of other members of society
underproduction	n.	inadequate production or less than expected
underrate	v.	make too low an estimate of
underscore	n.	a line drawn underneath (especially under written matter)
underscore	v.	give extra weight to (a communication)
underscore	v.	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to
undersea	adj.	beneath the surface of the sea
undersecretary	n.	a secretary immediately subordinate to the head of a department of government
undersell	v.	sell cheaper than one's competition
undersexed	adj.	having a subnormal degree of sexual desire
undershirt	n.	a collarless men's undergarment for the upper part of the body
undershoot	v.	fall short of (the runway) in a landing
undershoot	v.	shoot short of or below (a target)
undershot	v.	fall short of (the runway) in a landing
undershot	v.	shoot short of or below (a target)
undershot	adj.	having a lower part projecting beyond the upper
underside	n.	the lower side of anything
undersign	v.	sign at the bottom of (a document)
undersigned	v.	sign at the bottom of (a document)
undersized	adj.	smaller than normal for its kind
underskirt	n.	undergarment worn under a skirt
undersold	v.	sell cheaper than one's competition
understaffed	adj.	inadequate in number of workers or assistants etc.
understand	v.	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
understand	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
understand	v.	make sense of a language
understand	v.	believe to be the case
understand	v.	be understanding of
understandably	adv.	in an intelligible manner
understanding	n.	the cognitive condition of someone who understands
understanding	n.	the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises
understanding	n.	an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion
understanding	n.	the capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination
understanding	v.	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
understanding	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
understanding	v.	make sense of a language
understanding	v.	believe to be the case
understanding	v.	be understanding of
understanding	adj.	characterized by understanding based on comprehension and discernment and empathy
understate	v.	represent as less significant or important
understatement	n.	a statement that is restrained in ironic contrast to what might have been said
understood	v.	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
understood	v.	perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
understood	v.	make sense of a language
understood	v.	believe to be the case
understood	v.	be understanding of
understood	adj.	fully apprehended as to purport or meaning or explanation
understood	adj.	implied by or inferred from actions or statements
understudy	n.	an actor able to replace a regular performer when required
understudy	v.	be an understudy or alternate for a role
undertake	v.	enter upon an activity or enterprise
undertake	v.	accept as a challenge
undertake	v.	promise to do or accomplish
undertake	v.	enter into a contractual arrangement
undertake	v.	accept as a charge
undertaken	v.	enter upon an activity or enterprise
undertaken	v.	accept as a challenge
undertaken	v.	promise to do or accomplish
undertaken	v.	enter into a contractual arrangement
undertaken	v.	accept as a charge
undertaker	n.	one whose business is the management of funerals
undertaking	n.	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted
undertaking	n.	the trade of a funeral director
undertaking	v.	enter upon an activity or enterprise
undertaking	v.	accept as a challenge
undertaking	v.	promise to do or accomplish
undertaking	v.	enter into a contractual arrangement
undertaking	v.	accept as a charge
undertone	n.	a quiet or hushed tone of voice
undertone	n.	a subdued emotional quality underlying an utterance; implicit meaning
undertone	n.	a pale or subdued color
undertook	v.	enter upon an activity or enterprise
undertook	v.	accept as a challenge
undertook	v.	promise to do or accomplish
undertook	v.	enter into a contractual arrangement
undertook	v.	accept as a charge
undertow	n.	an inclination contrary to the strongest or prevailing feeling
undertow	n.	the seaward undercurrent created after waves have broken on the shore
undervaluation	n.	too low a value or price assigned to something
undervalue	v.	assign too low a value to
undervalue	v.	esteem lightly
undervalue	v.	lose in value
underwater	adj.	beneath the surface of the water
underwater	adj.	growing or remaining under water
underway	adj.	currently in progress
underwear	n.	undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments
underweight	adj.	being very thin
underwent	v.	pass through
underwood	n.	the brush (small trees and bushes and ferns etc.) growing beneath taller trees in a wood or forest
underworld	n.	the criminal class
underworld	n.	(religion) the world of the dead; -Theognis
underwrite	v.	guarantee financial support of
underwrite	v.	protect by insurance
underwriter	n.	a banker who deals chiefly in underwriting new securities
underwriter	n.	an agent who sells insurance
underwriter	n.	a financial institution that sells insurance
underwritten	v.	guarantee financial support of
underwritten	v.	protect by insurance
underwrote	v.	guarantee financial support of
underwrote	v.	protect by insurance
undesirable	n.	one whose presence is undesirable
undesirable	adj.	not wanted
undesirable	adj.	not worthy of being chosen (especially as a spouse)
undies	n.	women's underwear
undo	v.	cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect
undo	v.	deprive of certain characteristics
undo	v.	cause the ruin or downfall of
undo	v.	cause to become loose
undo	v.	remove the outer cover or wrapping of
undramatic	adj.	lacking dramatic force and quality
undue	adj.	not yet payable
undue	adj.	not appropriate or proper (or even legal) in the circumstances
undue	adj.	lacking justification or authorization
undue	adj.	beyond normal limits
undulant	adj.	resembling waves in form or outline or motion
undulate	v.	stir up (water) so as to form ripples
undulate	v.	occur in soft rounded shapes
undulate	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
undulate	v.	increase and decrease in volume or pitch, as if in waves
undulate	adj.	having a wavy margin and rippled surface
undulation	n.	an undulating curve
undulation	n.	wavelike motion; a gentle rising and falling in the manner of waves
undulation	n.	(physics) a movement up and down or back and forth
undying	adj.	never dying
unease	n.	physical discomfort (as mild sickness or depression)
unease	n.	the trait of seeming ill at ease
uneasy	adj.	lacking a sense of security or affording no ease or reassurance
uneasy	adj.	lacking or not affording physical or mental rest
uneasy	adj.	causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
uneasy	adj.	socially uncomfortable; unsure and constrained in manner
uneasy	adj.	relating to bodily unease that causes discomfort
uneatable	adj.	not suitable for food
uneconomic	adj.	wasteful of resources
unemployed	n.	people who are involuntarily out of work (considered as a group)
unemployed	adj.	not engaged in a gainful occupation
unending	adj.	continuing forever or indefinitely
unenterprising	adj.	lacking in enterprise; not bold or venturesome
unequal	adj.	poorly balanced or matched in quantity or value or measure
unequal	adj.	lacking the requisite qualities or resources to meet a task
unerring	adj.	not liable to error; -G.G.Coulton
unesco	n.	an agency of the United Nations that promotes education and communication and the arts
unessential	adj.	not basic or fundamental
uneven	adj.	not even or uniform as e.g. in shape or texture
uneven	adj.	(of a contest or contestants) not fairly matched as opponents
uneven	adj.	not divisible by two
uneven	adj.	variable and recurring at irregular intervals
uneven	adj.	lacking consistency
unexcited	adj.	not excited
unexciting	adj.	not stimulating
unexciting	adj.	not exciting
unexpected	adj.	not expected or anticipated
unexpectedness	n.	extraordinariness by virtue of being unexpected
unfailing	adj.	not liable to failure
unfailing	adj.	always able to supply more
unfailing	adj.	unceasing
unfair	adj.	not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception
unfaltering	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
unfamiliar	adj.	not known or well known
unfed	adj.	not fed
unfed	adj.	not given support
unfeeling	adj.	devoid of feeling for others
unfeeling	adj.	devoid of feeling or sensation
unfeminine	adj.	not suitable for a woman
unfit	v.	make unfit or unsuitable
unfit	adj.	below the required standards for a purpose
unfit	adj.	not in good physical or mental condition; out of condition
unfit	adj.	physically unsound or diseased
unfitting	v.	make unfit or unsuitable
unfitting	adj.	not in keeping with what is correct or proper
unflagging	adj.	showing sustained enthusiastic action with unflagging vitality
unflagging	adj.	unceasing
unflappable	adj.	not easily perturbed or excited or upset; marked by extreme calm and composure
unflattering	adj.	showing or representing unfavorably
unflinching	adj.	not shrinking from danger
unforgettably	adv.	in a memorable manner
unforgivably	adv.	in an unpardonable manner or to an unpardonable degree
unfortunate	n.	a person who suffers misfortune
unfortunate	adj.	not favored by fortune; marked or accompanied by or resulting in ill fortune
unfortunate	adj.	not auspicious; boding ill
unfortunate	adj.	unsuitable or regrettable
unfriendly	adj.	not easy to understand or use
unfriendly	adj.	not disposed to friendship or friendliness
unfriendly	adj.	not friendly
unfriendly	adj.	very unfavorable to life or growth
unfrock	v.	divest of the frock; of church officials
unfruitful	adj.	not fruitful; not conducive to abundant production
unfunny	adj.	not funny; especially failing to achieve the intended humor
ungainliness	n.	the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are extremely ungainly and inelegant
ungainly	adj.	lacking grace in movement or posture
ungainly	adj.	difficult to handle or manage especially because of shape
ungenerous	adj.	lacking in magnanimity; - Times Litt. Sup.
ungenerous	adj.	unwilling to spend
ungentle	adj.	not of the nobility
ungodly	adj.	characterized by iniquity; wicked because it is believed to be a sin
ungraceful	adj.	lacking grace; clumsy; ; - Sir Walter Scott
ungrudging	adj.	without envy or reluctance
unguarded	adj.	lacking protection or a guard
unguarded	adj.	displaying or feeling no wariness
unguent	n.	semisolid preparation (usually containing a medicine) applied externally as a remedy or for soothing an irritation
ungulate	n.	any of a number of mammals with hooves that are superficially similar but not necessarily closely related taxonomically
ungulate	adj.	having or resembling hoofs
unhappy	adj.	experiencing or marked by or causing sadness or sorrow or discontent
unhappy	adj.	generalized feeling of distress
unhappy	adj.	causing discomfort
unhappy	adj.	marked by or producing unhappiness; ; - American Guide Series
unhealthful	adj.	not sanitary or healthful
unhealthful	adj.	detrimental to good health
unhealthful	adj.	detrimental to health
unhealthy	adj.	not in or exhibiting good health in body or mind
unhealthy	adj.	detrimental to health
unhealthy	adj.	not conducive to good health
unholy	adj.	not hallowed or consecrated
unholy	adj.	extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell
unholy	adj.	having committed unrighteous acts
unhurt	adj.	not injured
unhurt	adj.	free from danger or injury
unicameral	adj.	composed of one legislative body
unicef	n.	an agency of the United Nations responsible for programs to aid education and the health of children and mothers in developing countries
unicellular	adj.	having or consisting of a single cell
unicorn	n.	an imaginary creature represented as a white horse with a long horn growing from its forehead
unicycle	n.	a vehicle with a single wheel that is driven by pedals
unicycle	v.	ride a unicycle
unidirectional	adj.	operating or moving or allowing movement in one direction only
unification	n.	an occurrence that involves the production of a union
unification	n.	the state of being joined or united or linked
unification	n.	the act of making or becoming a single unit
uniform	n.	clothing of distinctive design worn by members of a particular group as a means of identification
uniform	v.	provide with uniforms
uniform	adj.	always the same; showing a single form or character in all occurrences
uniform	adj.	the same throughout in structure or composition
uniform	adj.	not differentiated
uniform	adj.	evenly spaced
uniformity	n.	a condition in which everything is regular and unvarying
uniformity	n.	the quality of lacking diversity or variation (even to the point of boredom)
unify	v.	become one
unify	v.	to bring or combine together or with something else
unify	v.	bring together for a common purpose or action or ideology or in a shared situation
unify	v.	act in concert or unite in a common purpose or belief
unify	v.	join or combine
unilateral	adj.	involving only one part or side
unilateral	adj.	tracing descent from either the paternal or the maternal line only
unilateralism	n.	the doctrine that nations should conduct their foreign affairs individualistically without the advice or involvement of other nations
unimportant	adj.	not important
unimportant	adj.	devoid of importance, meaning, or force
unimpressive	adj.	not capable of impressing
uninformative	adj.	lacking information
uninhibited	adj.	not inhibited or restrained
uninsured	adj.	not covered by insurance
unintelligent	adj.	lacking intelligence
unintended	adj.	not deliberate
uninteresting	adj.	arousing no interest or attention or curiosity or excitement
uninteresting	adj.	characteristic or suggestive of an institution especially in being uniform or dull or unimaginative
uninterrupted	adj.	having undisturbed continuity
uninterrupted	adj.	continuing in time or space without interruption; - James Jeans
uninviting	adj.	neither attractive nor tempting
uninviting	adj.	not tempting
union	n.	an organization of employees formed to bargain with the employer
union	n.	the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War)
union	n.	the act of pairing a male and female for reproductive purposes
union	n.	the state of being joined or united or linked
union	n.	the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce)
union	n.	healing process involving the growing together of the edges of a wound or the growing together of broken bones
union	n.	a political unit formed from previously independent people or organizations
union	n.	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets
union	n.	the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts
union	n.	a device on a national flag emblematic of the union of two or more sovereignties (typically in the upper inner corner)
union	n.	the act of making or becoming a single unit
union	adj.	being of or having to do with the northern United States and those loyal to the Union during the American Civil War
union	adj.	of trade unions
unionism	n.	the system or principles and theory of labor unions
unionist	n.	a worker who belongs to a trade union
unique	adj.	radically distinctive and without equal
unique	adj.	(followed by `to') applying exclusively to a given category or condition or locality
unique	adj.	the single one of its kind
unique	adj.	highly unusual or rare but not the single instance
uniqueness	n.	the quality of being one of a kind
unisex	adj.	not distinguished on the basis of sex
unison	n.	corresponding exactly
unison	n.	occurring together or simultaneously
unison	n.	(music) two or more sounds or tones at the same pitch or in octaves
unitarian	n.	adherent of Unitarianism
unitarian	adj.	of or relating to or characterizing Unitarianism
unitarianism	n.	Christian doctrine that stresses individual freedom of belief and rejects the Trinity
unitary	adj.	relating to or characterized by or aiming toward unity
unitary	adj.	of or pertaining to or involving the use of units
unitary	adj.	characterized by or constituting a form of government in which power is held by one central authority
unitary	adj.	having the indivisible character of a unit
unite	v.	act in concert or unite in a common purpose or belief
unite	v.	become one
unite	v.	have or possess in combination
unite	v.	be or become joined or united or linked
unite	v.	bring together for a common purpose or action or ideology or in a shared situation
unite	v.	join or combine
unitedly	adv.	with cooperation and interchange
unities	n.	an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting
unities	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
unities	n.	the quality of being united into one
unitize	v.	divide (bulk material) and process as units
unitize	v.	make into a unit
unitize	v.	separate or classify into units
unity	n.	an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting
unity	n.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
unity	n.	the quality of being united into one
univalent	adj.	used of a chromosome that is not paired or united with its homologous chromosome during synapsis
univalent	adj.	having a valence of 1
univalve	n.	a class of mollusks typically having a one-piece coiled shell and flattened muscular foot with a head bearing stalked eyes
univalve	adj.	used of mollusks, especially gastropods, as snails etc.
universal	n.	(linguistics) a grammatical rule (or other linguistic feature) that is found in all languages
universal	n.	(logic) a proposition that asserts something of all members of a class
universal	n.	a behavioral convention or pattern characteristic of all members of a particular culture or of all human beings
universal	n.	coupling that connects two rotating shafts allowing freedom of movement in all directions
universal	adj.	of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley
universal	adj.	applicable to or common to all members of a group or set
universal	adj.	adapted to various purposes, sizes, forms, operations; ,
universalism	n.	the theological doctrine that all people will eventually be saved
universalist	adj.	of or relating to or tending toward universalism
universality	n.	the quality of being universal; existing everywhere
universalize	v.	make universal
universe	n.	everything that exists anywhere
universe	n.	(statistics) the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn
universe	n.	everything stated or assumed in a given discussion
university	n.	the body of faculty and students at a university
university	n.	establishment where a seat of higher learning is housed, including administrative and living quarters as well as facilities for research and teaching
university	n.	a large and diverse institution of higher learning created to educate for life and for a profession and to grant degrees
univocal	adj.	admitting of no doubt or misunderstanding; having only one meaning or interpretation and leading to only one conclusion
unix	n.	trademark for a powerful operating system
unjust	adj.	not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception
unjust	adj.	violating principles of justice
unjust	adj.	not equitable or fair
unkempt	adj.	not neatly combed
unkempt	adj.	not properly maintained or cared for
unkind	adj.	lacking kindness
unkind	adj.	deficient in humane and kindly feelings
unkindly	adj.	lacking in sympathy and kindness
unkindly	adv.	in an unkind manner or with unkindness
unknowable	adj.	not knowable
unknown	n.	an unknown and unexplored region
unknown	n.	anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found
unknown	n.	a variable whose values are solutions of an equation
unknown	adj.	not known
unknown	adj.	being or having an unknown or unnamed source
unknown	adj.	not known to exist
unknown	adj.	not famous or acclaimed
unknown	adj.	not known before
unleaded	adj.	not treated with lead
unleaded	adj.	not having leads between the lines
unlike	adj.	marked by dissimilarity
unlike	adj.	not equal in amount
unlikely	adj.	not likely to be true or to occur or to have occurred
unlikely	adj.	has little chance of being the case or coming about
unlikely	adj.	having a probability too low to inspire belief
unlit	adj.	not set afire or burning
unlit	adj.	without illumination
unlock	v.	open the lock of
unlock	v.	set free or release
unlock	v.	become unlocked
unlovable	adj.	incapable of inspiring love or affection; -Joseph Conrad
unlovely	adj.	without beauty or charm
unloving	adj.	not giving or reciprocating affection
unlucky	adj.	having or bringing misfortune
unlucky	adj.	marked by or promising bad fortune; ; ; ; - W.H.Prescott
unmanly	adj.	not possessing qualities befitting a man
unmanly	adj.	lacking in courage and manly strength and resolution; contemptibly fearful
unmanly	adv.	without qualities thought to befit a man
unmarried	adj.	not married or related to the unmarried state
unmentionable	n.	a garment worn under other garments
unmentionable	adj.	unsuitable or forbidden as a topic of conversation
unmentionables	n.	a garment worn under other garments
unmindful	adj.	not mindful or attentive; - G.B.Shaw
unmindful	adj.	(followed by `to' or `of') lacking conscious awareness of
unmistakably	adv.	without possibility of mistake
unmistakably	adv.	in a signal manner
unmovable	adj.	not able or intended to be moved
unmusical	adj.	lacking interest in or talent for music
unmusical	adj.	not musical in nature
unmusical	adj.	lacking melody
unnecessary	adj.	not necessary
unnerving	v.	disturb the composure of
unnerving	adj.	inspiring fear; ; - G.H.Johnston
unobservant	adj.	not consciously observing
unofficial	adj.	not having official authority or sanction
unofficial	adj.	not officially established
unoriginal	adj.	not original; not being or productive of something fresh and unusual; ; - Gwethalyn Graham
unperceptive	adj.	lacking perception
unperceptive	adj.	lacking sensitivity, taste, or judgment
unpersuasive	adj.	not capable of persuading
unpick	v.	become or cause to become undone by separating the fibers or threads of
unpick	v.	undo (the stitches) of (a piece of sewing)
unpin	v.	remove the pins from; unfasten the pins of
unpleasing	adj.	lacking graciousness
unpolitical	adj.	politically neutral
unpopular	adj.	regarded with disfavor or lacking general approval
unprecedented	adj.	having no precedent; novel
unprofessional	adj.	not characteristic of or befitting a profession or one engaged in a profession
unpromising	adj.	unlikely to bring about favorable results or enjoyment
unpropitious	adj.	not propitious
unquestioning	adj.	not inclined to ask questions
unquestioning	adj.	being without doubt or reserve
unquiet	adj.	characterized by unrest or disorder
unquiet	adj.	causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
unread	adj.	not informed through reading; - V.L.Parrington
unready	adj.	not prepared or in a state of readiness; slow to understand or respond
unreal	adj.	lacking in reality or substance or genuineness; not corresponding to acknowledged facts or criteria
unreal	adj.	not actually such; being or seeming fanciful or imaginary
unreal	adj.	contrived by art rather than nature
unreal	adj.	lacking material form or substance; unreal
unreasoning	adj.	not based on reason or evidence
unregenerate	adj.	tenaciously unwilling or marked by tenacious unwillingness to yield
unregenerate	adj.	not reformed morally or spiritually
unregenerate	adj.	unrepentant and incapable of being reformed
unrelated	adj.	lacking a logical or causal relation
unrelated	adj.	not connected by kinship
unrelenting	adj.	not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty
unrelenting	adj.	harsh
unrelenting	adj.	never-ceasing
unrelieved	adj.	not lessened or diminished
unremarkable	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
unremitting	adj.	uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
unrepentant	adj.	not penitent or remorseful
unrepentant	adj.	stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
unreported	adj.	not reported
unrepresentative	adj.	not exemplifying a class
unrest	n.	a state of agitation or turbulent change or development
unrest	n.	a feeling of restless agitation
unripe	adj.	not fully developed or mature; not ripe
unripe	adj.	not fully prepared
unroll	v.	reverse the winding or twisting of
unroll	v.	unroll, unfold, or spread out or be unrolled, unfolded, or spread out from a furled state
unromantic	adj.	neither expressive of nor exciting sexual love or romance
unruliness	n.	the trait of being prone to disobedience and lack of discipline
unruly	adj.	noisy and lacking in restraint or discipline
unruly	adj.	unwilling to submit to authority
unruly	adj.	of persons
unsafe	adj.	lacking in security or safety
unsafe	adj.	involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm
unsafe	adj.	not safe from attack
unsaleable	adj.	impossible to sell
unsavory	adj.	morally offensive
unsavory	adj.	not pleasing in odor or taste
unscathed	adj.	not injured
unseeing	adj.	not consciously observing
unseeing	adj.	lacking sight
unseemly	adj.	not in keeping with accepted standards of what is right or proper in polite society
unseen	n.	a belief that there is a realm controlled by a divine spirit
unseen	adj.	not observed
unsentimental	adj.	facing facts or difficulties realistically and with determination
unshakable	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
unshakable	adj.	without flaws or loopholes
unshakably	adv.	with determination; in a determined manner
unshapely	adj.	not well-proportioned and pleasing in shape
unshockable	adj.	incapable of being shocked
unshorn	adj.	not sheared
unsightliness	n.	ugliness that is unpleasant to look at
unsightly	adj.	unpleasant to look at
unsmiling	adj.	not smiling
unsociable	adj.	not inclined to society or companionship
unsocial	adj.	not seeking or given to association; being or living without companions
unsold	adj.	not disposed of by purchase
unsound	adj.	not in good condition; damaged or decayed
unsound	adj.	not sound financially
unsound	adj.	containing or based on a fallacy
unsound	adj.	suffering from severe mental illness
unsound	adj.	physically unsound or diseased
unsound	adj.	of e.g. advice
unspeakable	adj.	defying expression or description
unspeakable	adj.	exceptionally bad or displeasing
unspeakable	adj.	too sacred to be uttered
unspeakably	adv.	to an inexpressible degree
unspecific	adj.	not detailed or specific
unspectacular	adj.	not spectacular
unsporting	adj.	violating accepted standards or rules
unstable	adj.	lacking stability or fixity or firmness
unstable	adj.	highly or violently reactive
unstable	adj.	affording no ease or reassurance
unstable	adj.	suffering from severe mental illness
unstable	adj.	disposed to psychological variability
unstable	adj.	subject to change; variable
unsteady	adj.	subject to change or variation
unsteady	adj.	not firmly or solidly positioned
unstinting	adj.	very generous
unsubstantial	adj.	lacking material form or substance; unreal
unsubtle	adj.	lacking subtlety; obvious
unsuitable	adj.	not meant or adapted for a particular purpose
unsuitable	adj.	not capable of being applied
unsuitable	adj.	not conducive to good moral development
unsuitable	adj.	not worthy of being chosen (especially as a spouse)
unsure	adj.	lacking self-confidence
unsure	adj.	lacking or indicating lack of confidence or assurance
unsuspecting	adj.	not suspicious
unsuspecting	adj.	(often followed by `of') not knowing or expecting; not thinking likely
unsymmetrical	adj.	lacking symmetry
unsymmetrical	adj.	having unsymmetrical parts or unequal dimensions or measurements
untactful	adj.	lacking or showing a lack of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others
unthinkably	adv.	to an unimaginable extent
unthinking	adj.	not exhibiting or characterized by careful thought
unthinking	adj.	without care or thought for others
unthinking	adj.	mentally sluggish
unthinking	adv.	in a thoughtless manner
untidy	adj.	not neat and tidy
untimely	adj.	badly timed
untimely	adj.	uncommonly early or before the expected time
untimely	adv.	too soon; in a premature manner
untiring	adj.	characterized by hard work and perseverance
untouchable	n.	belongs to lowest social and ritual class in India
untouchable	adj.	beyond the reach of criticism or attack or impeachment; - Newsweek
untouchable	adj.	impossible to assail
untouchable	adj.	forbidden to the touch
untouchable	adj.	( especially used in traditional Hindu belief of the lowest caste or castes) defiling
untouchable	adj.	not capable of being obtained
untoward	adj.	not in keeping with accepted standards of what is right or proper in polite society
untoward	adj.	contrary to your interests or welfare
untrue	adj.	not according with the facts
untrue	adj.	not true to an obligation or trust; -Bruno Laske
untrue	adj.	not accurately fitted; not level
untrue	adj.	(used especially of persons) not dependable in devotion or affection; unfaithful
untrustworthy	adj.	not worthy of trust or belief
untruth	n.	a false statement
unutterable	adj.	too sacred to be uttered
unutterable	adj.	defying expression or description
unutterable	adj.	very difficult to pronounce correctly
unutterably	adv.	to an inexpressible degree
unwarrantable	adj.	incapable of being justified or explained
unwary	adj.	not alert to danger or deception; ; ; - O.J.Campbell
unwavering	adj.	marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable
unwavering	adj.	not showing abrupt variations; ; - Louis Auchincloss
unwed	adj.	of someone who has not been married
unwelcome	adj.	not welcome; not giving pleasure or received with pleasure
unwelcome	adj.	not welcome
unwell	adj.	somewhat ill or prone to illness
unwieldiness	n.	the quality of being difficult to direct or control by reason of complexity
unwieldiness	n.	trouble in carrying or managing caused by bulk or shape
unwieldy	adj.	difficult to use or handle or manage because of size or weight or shape
unwieldy	adj.	difficult to work or manipulate
unwieldy	adj.	lacking grace in movement or posture
unwise	adj.	showing or resulting from lack of judgment or wisdom
unwise	adj.	not appropriate to the purpose
unworried	adj.	free of trouble and worry and care
unworthy	adj.	lacking in value or merit
unworthy	adj.	not deserving
unworthy	adj.	morally reprehensible
unwound	v.	reverse the winding or twisting of
unwound	v.	separate the tangles of
unwound	v.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease
unwound	v.	cause to feel relaxed
unwrapping	v.	remove the outer cover or wrapping of
unwrapping	v.	make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret
unyielding	adj.	stubbornly unyielding; ; ; ; - T.S.Eliot
unyielding	adj.	resistant to physical force or pressure
up	v.	raise
up	adj.	being or moving higher in position or greater in some value; being above a former position or level
up	adj.	out of bed
up	adj.	getting higher or more vigorous
up	adj.	extending or moving toward a higher place
up	adj.	(usually followed by `on' or `for') in readiness
up	adj.	open
up	adj.	(used of computers) operating properly
up	adj.	used up
up	adv.	spatially or metaphorically from a lower to a higher position
up	adv.	to a higher intensity
up	adv.	nearer to the speaker
up	adv.	to a more central or a more northerly place
up	adv.	to a later time
upanishads	n.	a later sacred text of Hinduism of a mystical nature dealing with metaphysical questions
upbeat	n.	a contented state of being happy and healthy and prosperous
upbeat	n.	an unaccented beat (especially the last beat of a measure)
upbeat	adj.	pleasantly (even unrealistically) optimistic
upbraid	v.	express criticism towards
upbringing	n.	properties acquired during a person's formative years
upbringing	n.	helping someone grow up to be an accepted member of the community
upchuck	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
upcoming	adj.	of the relatively near future
upcountry	adj.	of or coming from the middle of a region or country
update	n.	news that updates your information
update	v.	modernize or bring up to date
update	v.	bring up to date; supply with recent information
update	v.	bring to the latest state of technology
updike	n.	United States author (born 1932)
updraft	n.	a strong upward air current
upend	v.	become turned or set on end
upend	v.	set, turn, or stand on end
upfront	adj.	frank and honest
upgrade	n.	an upward slope or grade (as in a road)
upgrade	n.	software that provides better performance than an earlier version did
upgrade	n.	a reservation that is improved
upgrade	n.	the property possessed by a slope or surface that rises
upgrade	n.	hardware that provides better performance than an earlier version did
upgrade	n.	the act of improving something (especially machinery) by raising it to a higher grade (as by adding or replacing components)
upgrade	v.	rate higher; raise in value or esteem
upgrade	v.	to improve what was old or outdated
upgrade	v.	give a promotion to or assign to a higher position
upgrade	v.	get better travel conditions
upgrade	v.	give better travel conditions to
upheaval	n.	a state of violent disturbance and disorder (as in politics or social conditions generally)
upheaval	n.	a violent disturbance
upheaval	n.	(geology) a rise of land to a higher elevation (as in the process of mountain building)
upheaval	n.	disturbance usually in protest
upheld	v.	keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last
upheld	v.	stand up for; stick up for; of causes, principles, or ideals
upheld	v.	support against an opponent
uphill	n.	the upward slope of a hill
uphill	adj.	sloping upward
uphill	adv.	against difficulties
uphill	adv.	upward on a hill or incline
uphold	v.	keep or maintain in unaltered condition; cause to remain or last
uphold	v.	stand up for; stick up for; of causes, principles, or ideals
uphold	v.	support against an opponent
upholder	n.	someone who upholds or maintains
upholster	v.	provide furniture with padding, springs, webbing, and covers
upholsterer	n.	a craftsman who upholsters furniture
upholstery	n.	covering (padding and springs and webbing and fabric) on a piece of furniture
upholstery	n.	the craft of upholstering
upjohn	n.	United States architect (born in England) (1802-1878)
upkeep	n.	activity involved in maintaining something in good working order
upkeep	n.	the act of sustaining life by food or providing a means of subsistence
upland	n.	elevated (e.g., mountainous) land
upland	adj.	used of high or hilly country
uplift	n.	(geology) a rise of land to a higher elevation (as in the process of mountain building)
uplift	n.	a brassiere that lifts and supports the breasts
uplift	v.	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism
uplift	v.	lift up from the earth, as by geologic forces
uplift	v.	lift up or elevate
upload	v.	transfer a file or program to a central computer from a smaller computer or a computer at a remote location
upmarket	adj.	designed for consumers with high incomes; - New Yorker
upmost	adj.	at or nearest to the top
upped	v.	raise
upper	n.	the higher of two berths
upper	n.	piece of leather or synthetic material that forms the part of a shoe or boot above the sole that encases the foot
upper	n.	a central nervous system stimulant that increases energy and decreases appetite; used to treat narcolepsy and some forms of depression
upper	adj.	the topmost one of two
upper	adj.	higher in place or position
upper	adj.	superior in rank or accomplishment
uppercase	n.	one of the large alphabetic characters used as the first letter in writing or printing proper names and sometimes for emphasis
uppercase	adj.	relating to capital letters which were kept in the top half of a compositor's type case
uppercut	n.	a swinging blow directed upward (especially at an opponent's chin)
uppermost	adj.	at or nearest to the top
uppermost	adv.	in or into the most prominent position, as in the mind
uppermost	adv.	in or into the highest position
upping	v.	raise
uppish	adj.	(used colloquially) overly conceited or arrogant; -Laurent Le Sage
uppity	adj.	presumptuously arrogant; ; - S.V.Benet; - NY Times
upraise	v.	cause to become alive again
upright	n.	a vertical structural member as a post or stake
upright	n.	a piano with a vertical sounding board
upright	adj.	in a vertical position; not sloping
upright	adj.	of moral excellence
upright	adj.	upright in position or posture
uprightness	n.	the property of being upright in posture
uprightness	n.	position at right angles to the horizon
uprightness	n.	righteousness as a consequence of being honorable and honest
uprising	n.	organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
uprising	v.	come into existence; take on form or shape
uprising	v.	ascend as a sound
uprising	v.	rise up as in fear
uprising	v.	rise to one's feet
uprising	v.	come up, of celestial bodies
uprising	v.	move upward
uprising	v.	return from the dead
uprising	v.	get up and out of bed
upriver	adv.	toward the source or against the current
uproar	n.	a state of commotion and noise and confusion
uproar	n.	loud confused noise from many sources
uproarious	adj.	uncontrollably noisy
uproarious	adj.	marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter
uproot	v.	move (people) forcibly from their homeland into a new and foreign environment
uproot	v.	destroy completely, as if down to the roots
uproot	v.	pull up by or as if by the roots
ups	v.	raise
upscale	adj.	appropriate for people with good incomes
upset	n.	an unhappy and worried mental state
upset	n.	the act of disturbing the mind or body
upset	n.	a physical condition in which there is a disturbance of normal functioning
upset	n.	a tool used to thicken or spread metal (the end of a bar or a rivet etc.) by forging or hammering or swaging
upset	n.	the act of upsetting something
upset	n.	an improbable and unexpected victory
upset	v.	disturb the balance or stability of
upset	v.	cause to lose one's composure
upset	v.	move deeply
upset	v.	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position
upset	v.	form metals with a swage
upset	v.	defeat suddenly and unexpectedly
upset	adj.	afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness or trouble or grief
upset	adj.	thrown into a state of disarray or confusion
upset	adj.	used of an unexpected defeat of a team favored to win
upset	adj.	mildly physically distressed
upset	adj.	having been turned so that the bottom is no longer the bottom
upsetting	v.	disturb the balance or stability of
upsetting	v.	cause to lose one's composure
upsetting	v.	move deeply
upsetting	v.	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position
upsetting	v.	form metals with a swage
upsetting	v.	defeat suddenly and unexpectedly
upsetting	adj.	causing an emotional disturbance; - Herb Caen
upshot	n.	a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
upside	n.	the highest or uppermost side of anything
upsilon	n.	the 20th letter of the Greek alphabet
upstage	n.	the rear part of the stage
upstage	v.	treat snobbishly, put in one's place
upstage	v.	move upstage, forcing the other actors to turn away from the audience
upstage	v.	steal the show, draw attention to oneself away from someone else
upstage	adj.	of the back half of a stage
upstage	adj.	remote in manner
upstage	adv.	at or toward the rear of the stage
upstairs	n.	the part of a building above the ground floor
upstairs	adj.	on or of upper floors of a building
upstairs	adv.	on a floor above
upstairs	adv.	with respect to the mind
upstanding	adj.	meriting respect or esteem
upstart	n.	an arrogant or presumptuous person
upstart	n.	a person who has suddenly risen to a higher economic status but has not gained social acceptance of others in that class
upstart	n.	a gymnastic exercise performed starting from a position with the legs over the upper body and moving to an erect position by arching the back and swinging the legs out and down while forcing the chest upright
upstart	adj.	characteristic of someone who has risen economically or socially but lacks the social skills appropriate for this new position
upstate	adv.	in or toward the northern parts of a state
upstream	adj.	in the direction against a stream's current
upstream	adv.	toward the source or against the current
upstroke	n.	a stroke normally made in an upward direction
upsurge	n.	a sudden forceful flow
upsurge	n.	a sudden or abrupt strong increase
uptake	n.	the process of taking food into the body through the mouth (as by eating)
uptake	n.	a process of taking up or using up or consuming
upthrust	n.	(geology) a rise of land to a higher elevation (as in the process of mountain building)
uptick	n.	a transaction in the stock market at a price above the price of the preceding transaction
uptight	adj.	being in a tense state
uptown	n.	a residential part of town away from the central commercial district
uptown	adj.	of or located in the upper part of a town
uptown	adv.	toward or in the upper part of town
upturn	n.	an upward movement or trend as in business activity
upward	adj.	directed up
upward	adj.	extending or moving toward a higher place
upward	adv.	spatially or metaphorically from a lower to a higher position
upward	adv.	to a later time
upwind	adj.	towards the side exposed to wind
upwind	adv.	toward the wind
upwind	adv.	in the direction opposite to the direction the wind is blowing
ur	n.	an ancient city of Sumer located on a former channel of the Euphrates River
uracil	n.	a base containing nitrogen that is found in RNA (but not in DNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine
urals	n.	a mountain range in western Russia extending from the Arctic to the Caspian Sea; forms part of the traditional boundary between Europe and Asia
urania	n.	(Greek mythology) the Muse of astronomy
urania	n.	goddess of love; counterpart of Greek Aphrodite
uranium	n.	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons
uranus	n.	(Greek mythology) god of the heavens; son and husband of Gaea and father of the Titans in ancient mythology
uranus	n.	a giant planet with a ring of ice particles; the 7th planet from the sun has a blue-green color and many satellites
urban	adj.	relating to or concerned with a city or densely populated area
urban	adj.	located in or characteristic of a city or city life
urbane	adj.	showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience
urbanity	n.	polished courtesy; elegance of manner
urbanity	n.	the quality or character of life in a city or town
urbanization	n.	the condition of being urbanized
urbanization	n.	the social process whereby cities grow and societies become more urban
urbanize	v.	make more industrial or city-like
urbanize	v.	impart urban habits, ways of life, or responsibilities upon
urchin	n.	poor and often mischievous city child
urdu	n.	the official literary language of Pakistan, closely related to Hindi; widely used in India (mostly by Moslems); written in Arabic script
urea	n.	the chief solid component of mammalian urine; synthesized from ammonia and carbon dioxide and used as fertilizer and in animal feed and in plastics
uremia	n.	accumulation in the blood of nitrogenous waste products (urea) that are usually excreted in the urine
uremic	adj.	of or involving excess nitrogenous waste products in the urine (usually due to kidney insufficiency)
ureter	n.	either of a pair of thick-walled tubes that carry urine from the kidney to the urinary bladder
urethane	n.	an ester of carbamic acid
urethra	n.	duct through which urine is discharged in most mammals and which serves as the male genital duct
urethrae	n.	duct through which urine is discharged in most mammals and which serves as the male genital duct
urethral	adj.	of or relating to the urethra
urey	n.	United States chemist who discovered deuterium (1893-1981)
urge	n.	an instinctive motive
urge	n.	a strong restless desire
urge	v.	force or impel in an indicated direction
urge	v.	push for something
urge	v.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts
urgency	n.	the state of being urgent; an earnest and insistent necessity
urgency	n.	pressing importance requiring speedy action
urgency	n.	an urgent situation calling for prompt action
urgency	n.	insistent solicitation and entreaty
urgent	adj.	compelling immediate action
uriah	n.	(Old Testament) the husband of Bathsheba and a soldier who was sent to die in battle so that king David could marry his wife (circa 10th century BC)
uric	adj.	in or relating to or obtained from urine
urinal	n.	a plumbing fixture (usually attached to the wall) used by men to urinate
urinalyses	n.	(medicine) the chemical analysis of urine (for medical diagnosis)
urinalysis	n.	(medicine) the chemical analysis of urine (for medical diagnosis)
urinary	adj.	of or relating to the function or production or secretion of urine
urinary	adj.	of or relating to the urinary system of the body
urinate	v.	pass after the manner of urine
urinate	v.	eliminate urine
urination	n.	the discharge of urine
urine	n.	liquid excretory product
url	n.	the address of a web page on the world wide web
urn	n.	a large vase that usually has a pedestal or feet
urn	n.	a large pot for making coffee or tea
urogenital	adj.	of or relating to the urinary and reproductive systems
urologist	n.	a specialist in urology
urology	n.	the branch of medicine that deals with the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the urinary tract or urogenital system
ursine	adj.	of or relating to or similar to bears
urticaria	n.	an itchy skin eruption characterized by weals with pale interiors and well-defined red margins; usually the result of an allergic response to insect bites or food or drugs
uruguay	n.	a South American republic on the southeast coast of South America; achieved independence from Brazil in 1825
uruguayan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Uruguay
uruguayan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Uruguay or its people
us	n.	North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776
us	n.	a base containing nitrogen that is found in RNA (but not in DNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine
us	n.	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons
us	n.	the 21st letter of the Roman alphabet
usa	n.	North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776
usa	n.	the army of the United States of America; the agency that organizes and trains soldiers for land warfare
usability	n.	the quality of being able to provide good service
usable	adj.	capable of being put to use
usable	adj.	fit or ready for use or service
usable	adj.	convenient for use or disposal
usaf	n.	the airforce of the United States of America; the agency that defends the United States through control and exploitation of air and space
usage	n.	the act of using
usage	n.	accepted or habitual practice
usage	n.	the customary manner in which a language (or a form of a language) is spoken or written
usda	n.	the federal department that administers programs that provide services to farmers (including research and soil conservation and efforts to stabilize the farming economy); created in 1862
use	n.	the act of using
use	n.	what something is used for
use	n.	a particular service
use	n.	(economics) the utilization of economic goods to satisfy needs or in manufacturing
use	n.	(psychology) an automatic pattern of behavior in reaction to a specific situation; may be inherited or acquired through frequent repetition
use	n.	exerting shrewd or devious influence especially for one's own advantage
use	n.	(law) the exercise of the legal right to enjoy the benefits of owning property
use	v.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
use	v.	take or consume (regularly or habitually)
use	v.	use up, consume fully
use	v.	seek or achieve an end by using to one's advantage
use	v.	avail oneself to
use	v.	habitually do something (use only in the past tense)
used	v.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
used	v.	take or consume (regularly or habitually)
used	v.	use up, consume fully
used	v.	seek or achieve an end by using to one's advantage
used	v.	avail oneself to
used	v.	habitually do something (use only in the past tense)
used	adj.	employed in accomplishing something; - H.H.Arnold & I.C.Eaker
used	adj.	of persons; taken advantage of
used	adj.	previously used or owned by another
useful	adj.	being of use or service
useful	adj.	having a useful function
usefulness	n.	the quality of being of practical use
useless	adj.	having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully
uselessness	n.	the quality of having no practical use
user	n.	a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employs something
user	n.	a person who uses something or someone selfishly or unethically
user	n.	a person who takes drugs
usher	n.	Irish prelate who deduced from the Bible that Creation occurred in the year 4004 BC (1581-1656)
usher	n.	an official stationed at the entrance of a courtroom or legislative chamber
usher	n.	someone employed to conduct others
usher	v.	take (someone) to their seats, as in theaters or auditoriums
usherette	n.	a female usher
usmc	n.	an amphibious division of the United States Navy
usn	n.	the navy of the United States of America; the agency that maintains and trains and equips combat-ready naval forces
usps	n.	an independent federal agency that provides mail processing and delivery service for individuals and businesses in the United States
uss	n.	North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776
ussr	n.	a former communist country in eastern Europe and northern Asia; established in 1922; included Russia and 14 other soviet socialist republics (Ukraine and Byelorussia and others); officially dissolved 31 December 1991
ustinov	n.	British actor and playwright (1921-2004)
usual	adj.	occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in accordance with regular practice or procedure
usual	adj.	commonly encountered
usurer	n.	someone who lends money at excessive rates of interest
usurious	adj.	greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation
usurp	v.	seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession
usurp	v.	take the place of
usurpation	n.	entry to another's property without right or permission
usurpation	n.	wrongfully seizing and holding (an office or powers) by force (especially the seizure of a throne or supreme authority)
usurper	n.	one who wrongfully or illegally seizes and holds the place of another
usury	n.	an exorbitant or unlawful rate of interest
usury	n.	the act of lending money at an exorbitant rate of interest
ut	n.	the local time at the 0 meridian passing through Greenwich, England; it is the same everywhere
ut	n.	a state in the western United States; settled in 1847 by Mormons led by Brigham Young
ut	n.	the syllable naming the first (tonic) note of any major scale in solmization
utah	n.	a state in the western United States; settled in 1847 by Mormons led by Brigham Young
utahan	n.	a native or resident of Utah
utc	n.	Greenwich Mean Time updated with leap seconds
ute	n.	a member of the Shoshonean people of Utah and Colorado and New Mexico
ute	n.	the Shoshonean language spoken by the Utes
utensil	n.	an implement for practical use (especially in a household)
uteri	n.	a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the developing fetus
uterine	adj.	of or involving the uterus
uterus	n.	a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the developing fetus
utica	n.	a city in central New York
utica	n.	an ancient city on the north coast of Africa (northwest of Carthage); destroyed by Arabs around 700 AD
utilitarian	n.	someone who believes that the value of a thing depends on its utility
utilitarian	adj.	having a useful function
utilitarian	adj.	having utility often to the exclusion of values
utilitarianism	n.	doctrine that the useful is the good; especially as elaborated by Jeremy Bentham and James Mill; the aim was said to be the greatest happiness for the greatest number
utility	n.	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation
utility	n.	the quality of being of practical use
utility	n.	the service (electric power or water or transportation) provided by a public utility
utility	n.	(economics) a measure that is to be maximized in any situation involving choice
utility	n.	(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer
utility	n.	a facility composed of one or more pieces of equipment connected to or part of a structure and designed to provide a service such as heat or electricity or water or sewage disposal
utility	adj.	used of beef; usable but inferior
utility	adj.	capable of substituting in any of several positions on a team
utilization	n.	the act of using
utilization	n.	the state of having been made use of
utilize	v.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
utilize	v.	convert (from an investment trust to a unit trust)
utmost	n.	the greatest possible degree
utmost	adj.	of the greatest possible degree or extent or intensity
utmost	adj.	highest in extent or degree
utmost	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
utopia	n.	a book written by Sir Thomas More (1516) describing the perfect society on an imaginary island
utopia	n.	ideally perfect state; especially in its social and political and moral aspects
utopia	n.	a work of fiction describing a utopia
utopia	n.	an imaginary place considered to be perfect or ideal
utopian	n.	an idealistic (but usually impractical) social reformer
utopian	adj.	of or pertaining to or resembling a utopia
utopian	adj.	characterized by or aspiring to impracticable perfection
utrecht	n.	a city in the central Netherlands
utrillo	n.	French painter noted for his paintings of Parisian street scenes (1883-1955)
utter	v.	articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise
utter	v.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words)
utter	v.	express in speech
utter	v.	put into circulation
utter	adj.	without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers
utter	adj.	complete
utterance	n.	the use of uttered sounds for auditory communication
uttermost	n.	the greatest possible degree
uttermost	adj.	of the greatest possible degree or extent or intensity
uttermost	adj.	(comparatives of `far') most remote in space or time or order
uv	n.	radiation lying in the ultraviolet range; wave lengths shorter than light but longer than X rays
uveitis	n.	inflammation of the uvea of the eye
uvula	n.	a small pendant fleshy lobe at the back of the soft palate
uvular	adj.	of or relating to or associated with the uvula
uxorious	adj.	foolishly fond of or submissive to your wife
uzbek	n.	a member of a Turkic people of Uzbekistan and neighboring areas
uzbek	n.	a landlocked republic in west central Asia; formerly an Asian soviet
uzbek	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Uzbek
uzbekistan	n.	a landlocked republic in west central Asia; formerly an Asian soviet
uzi	n.	a type of submachine gun that is designed and manufactured in Israel
v	n.	a unit of potential equal to the potential difference between two points on a conductor carrying a current of 1 ampere when the power dissipated between the two points is 1 watt; equivalent to the potential difference across a resistance of 1 ohm when 1 ampere of current flows through it
v	n.	a soft silvery white toxic metallic element used in steel alloys; it occurs in several complex minerals including carnotite and vanadinite
v	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one
v	n.	the 22nd letter of the Roman alphabet
v	adj.	being one more than four
va	n.	a state in the eastern United States; one of the original 13 colonies; one of the Confederate States in the American Civil War
va	n.	the United States federal department responsible for the interests of military veterans; created in 1989
vac	n.	informal term for vacation
vacancy	n.	being unoccupied
vacancy	n.	an empty area or space
vacant	adj.	void of thought or knowledge
vacant	adj.	without an occupant or incumbent
vacate	v.	leave (a job, post, or position) voluntarily
vacate	v.	leave behind empty; move out of
vacate	v.	cancel officially
vacation	n.	leisure time away from work devoted to rest or pleasure
vacation	n.	the act of making something legally void
vacation	v.	spend or take a vacation
vacationer	n.	someone on vacation; someone who is devoting time to pleasure or relaxation rather than to work
vacationist	n.	someone on vacation; someone who is devoting time to pleasure or relaxation rather than to work
vaccinate	v.	perform vaccinations or produce immunity in by inoculation
vaccination	n.	taking a vaccine as a precaution against contracting a disease
vaccination	n.	the scar left following inoculation with a vaccine
vaccine	n.	immunogen consisting of a suspension of weakened or dead pathogenic cells injected in order to stimulate the production of antibodies
vacillate	v.	be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action
vacillate	v.	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern
vacillation	n.	indecision in speech or action
vacillation	n.	changing location by moving back and forth
vacuity	n.	the absence of matter
vacuity	n.	a region that is devoid of matter
vacuity	n.	total lack of meaning or ideas
vacuole	n.	a tiny cavity filled with fluid in the cytoplasm of a cell
vacuous	adj.	devoid of intelligence
vacuous	adj.	devoid of significance or point
vacuous	adj.	devoid of matter
vacuous	adj.	void of expression
vacuousness	n.	indicative of or marked by mental vacuity and an absence of ideas
vacuum	n.	the absence of matter
vacuum	n.	an empty area or space
vacuum	n.	a region that is devoid of matter
vacuum	n.	an electrical home appliance that cleans by suction
vacuum	v.	clean with a vacuum cleaner
vaduz	n.	the capital and largest city of Liechtenstein
vagabond	n.	anything that resembles a vagabond in having no fixed place
vagabond	n.	a wanderer who has no established residence or visible means of support
vagabond	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
vagabond	adj.	wandering aimlessly without ties to a place or community
vagabond	adj.	continually changing especially as from one abode or occupation to another
vagabondage	n.	travelling about without any clear destination
vagary	n.	an unexpected and inexplicable change in something (in a situation or a person's behavior, etc.)
vagina	n.	the lower part of the female reproductive tract; a moist canal in female mammals extending from the labia minora to the uterus
vaginae	n.	the lower part of the female reproductive tract; a moist canal in female mammals extending from the labia minora to the uterus
vaginal	adj.	of or relating to the vagina
vaginitis	n.	inflammation of the vagina (usually associated with candidiasis)
vagrancy	n.	the state of wandering from place to place; having no permanent home or means of livelihood
vagrant	n.	a wanderer who has no established residence or visible means of support
vagrant	adj.	continually changing especially as from one abode or occupation to another
vague	adj.	not clearly understood or expressed; ; -Anatole Broyard; - P.A.Sorokin; - John Locke
vague	adj.	not precisely limited, determined, or distinguished
vague	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
vagueness	n.	unclearness by virtue of being poorly expressed or not coherent in meaning
vagueness	n.	indistinctness of shape or character
vagus	n.	a mixed nerve that supplies the pharynx and larynx and lungs and heart and esophagus and stomach and most of the abdominal viscera
vain	adj.	characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance
vain	adj.	unproductive of success
vainglorious	adj.	feeling self-importance
vainglory	n.	outspoken conceit
valance	n.	a decorative framework to conceal curtain fixtures at the top of a window casing
valdez	n.	a port on Alaska's southern coast from which oil is shipped to markets around the world
valdosta	n.	a town in southern Georgia near the Florida border
vale	n.	a long depression in the surface of the land that usually contains a river
valediction	n.	a farewell oration (especially one delivered during graduation exercises by an outstanding member of a graduating class)
valediction	n.	the act of saying farewell
valedictorian	n.	the student with the best grades who usually delivers the valedictory address at commencement
valedictory	n.	a farewell oration (especially one delivered during graduation exercises by an outstanding member of a graduating class)
valedictory	adj.	of or relating to an occasion or expression of farewell
valedictory	adj.	of a speech expressing leave-taking
valence	n.	(biology) a relative capacity to unite or react or interact as with antigens or a biological substrate
valence	n.	(chemistry) a property of atoms or radicals; their combining power given in terms of the number of hydrogen atoms (or the equivalent)
valencia	n.	an industrial city in northern Venezuela
valencia	n.	a city in eastern Spain on the Mediterranean
valency	n.	the phenomenon of forming chemical bonds
valency	n.	(biology) a relative capacity to unite or react or interact as with antigens or a biological substrate
valency	n.	(chemistry) a property of atoms or radicals; their combining power given in terms of the number of hydrogen atoms (or the equivalent)
valentine	n.	a sweetheart chosen to receive a greeting on Saint Valentine's Day
valentine	n.	a card sent or given (as to a sweetheart) on Saint Valentine's Day
valerian	n.	a plant of the genus Valeriana having lobed or dissected leaves and cymose white or pink flowers
valet	n.	a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer
valet	v.	serve as a personal attendant to
valetudinarian	n.	weak or sickly person especially one morbidly concerned with his or her health
valetudinarian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of a person who is a valetudinarian
valetudinarianism	n.	the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age)
valhalla	n.	(Norse mythology) the hall in which the souls of heros slain in battle were received by Odin
valiance	n.	the qualities of a hero or heroine; exceptional or heroic courage when facing danger (especially in battle)
valiant	adj.	having or showing valor
valid	adj.	well grounded in logic or truth or having legal force
valid	adj.	still legally acceptable
validate	v.	declare or make legally valid
validate	v.	prove valid; show or confirm the validity of something
validate	v.	give evidence for
validate	v.	make valid or confirm the validity of
validation	n.	the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something
validation	n.	the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof
validations	n.	the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something
validations	n.	the cognitive process of establishing a valid proof
validity	n.	the quality of being valid and rigorous
validity	n.	the quality of having legal force or effectiveness
validity	n.	the property of being strong and healthy in constitution
validness	n.	the quality of having legal force or effectiveness
valise	n.	a small overnight bag for short trips
valium	n.	a tranquilizer (trade name Valium) used to relieve anxiety and relax muscles; acts by enhancing the inhibitory actions of the neurotransmitter GABA; can also be used as an anticonvulsant drug in cases of nerve agent poisoning
valkyrie	n.	(Norse mythology) one of the maidens of Odin who chose heroes to be slain in battle and conducted them to Valhalla
valletta	n.	the capital of Malta; located on the northeastern coast of the island
valley	n.	a long depression in the surface of the land that usually contains a river
valois	n.	French royal house from 1328 to 1589
valor	n.	the qualities of a hero or heroine; exceptional or heroic courage when facing danger (especially in battle)
valorous	adj.	having or showing valor
valparaiso	n.	the chief port and second largest city of Chile; located on a wide harbor in central Chile
valuable	n.	something of value
valuable	adj.	having great material or monetary value especially for use or exchange
valuable	adj.	having worth or merit or value
valuate	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
valuation	n.	an appraisal of the value of something
valuation	n.	assessed price
value	n.	a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed
value	n.	the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable
value	n.	the amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else
value	n.	relative darkness or lightness of a color; -Joe Hing Lowe
value	n.	(music) the relative duration of a musical note
value	n.	an ideal accepted by some individual or group
value	v.	fix or determine the value of; assign a value to
value	v.	hold dear
value	v.	regard highly; think much of
value	v.	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of
value	v.	estimate the value of
valueless	adj.	of no value
valuer	n.	someone who assesses the monetary worth of possessions
valve	n.	a structure in a hollow organ (like the heart) with a flap to insure one-way flow of fluid through it
valve	n.	device in a brass wind instrument for varying the length of the air column to alter the pitch of a tone
valve	n.	control consisting of a mechanical device for controlling the flow of a fluid
valve	n.	the entire one-piece shell of a snail and certain other molluscs
valve	n.	one of the paired hinged shells of certain molluscs and of brachiopods
valvular	adj.	relating to or operating by means of valves
vamoose	v.	leave suddenly
vamp	n.	a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men
vamp	n.	an improvised musical accompaniment
vamp	n.	piece of leather forming the front part of the upper of a shoe
vamp	v.	make up
vamp	v.	piece (something old) with a new part
vamp	v.	act seductively with (someone)
vamp	v.	provide (a shoe) with a new vamp
vampire	n.	(folklore) a corpse that rises at night to drink the blood of the living
van	n.	any creative group active in the innovation and application of new concepts and techniques in a given field (especially in the arts)
van	n.	the leading units moving at the head of an army
van	n.	(Great Britain) a closed railroad car that carries baggage or freight
van	n.	a camper equipped with living quarters
van	n.	a truck with an enclosed cargo space
vanadium	n.	a soft silvery white toxic metallic element used in steel alloys; it occurs in several complex minerals including carnotite and vanadinite
vancouver	n.	English navigator remembered for his exploration of the Pacific coast of North America (1757-1798)
vancouver	n.	a town in southwestern Washington on the Columbia River across from Portland, Oregon
vancouver	n.	a port city in southwestern British Columbia on an arm of the Pacific Ocean opposite Vancouver Island; Canada's chief Pacific port and third largest city
vandal	n.	someone who willfully destroys or defaces property
vandal	n.	a member of the Germanic people who overran Gaul and Spain and North Africa and sacked Rome in 455
vandalism	n.	willful wanton and malicious destruction of the property of others
vandalize	v.	destroy wantonly, as through acts of vandalism
vanderbilt	n.	United States financier who accumulated great wealth from railroad and shipping businesses (1794-1877)
vandyke	n.	Flemish painter of numerous portraits (1599-1641)
vandyke	n.	a short pointed beard (named after the artist Anthony Vandyke)
vane	n.	mechanical device attached to an elevated structure; rotates freely to show the direction of the wind
vane	n.	a fin attached to the tail of an arrow, bomb or missile in order to stabilize or guide it
vane	n.	flat surface that rotates and pushes against air or water
vane	n.	the flattened weblike part of a feather consisting of a series of barbs on either side of the shaft
vanessa	n.	painted beauty and red admiral
vanguard	n.	the leading units moving at the head of an army
vanguard	n.	any creative group active in the innovation and application of new concepts and techniques in a given field (especially in the arts)
vanguard	n.	the position of greatest importance or advancement; the leading position in any movement or field
vanilla	n.	any of numerous climbing plants of the genus Vanilla having fleshy leaves and clusters of large waxy highly fragrant white or green or topaz flowers
vanilla	n.	a flavoring prepared from vanilla beans macerated in alcohol (or imitating vanilla beans)
vanilla	n.	a distinctive fragrant flavor characteristic of vanilla beans
vanilla	adj.	flavored with vanilla extract
vanilla	adj.	plain and without any extras or adornments
vanish	v.	get lost, as without warning or explanation
vanish	v.	become invisible or unnoticeable
vanish	v.	pass away rapidly
vanish	v.	cease to exist
vanish	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
vanity	n.	feelings of excessive pride
vanity	n.	the quality of being valueless or futile
vanity	n.	the trait of being unduly vain and conceited; false pride
vanity	n.	low table with mirror or mirrors where one sits while dressing or applying makeup
vanquish	v.	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict
vanquisher	n.	someone who is victorious by force of arms
vantage	n.	place or situation affording some advantage (especially a comprehensive view or commanding perspective)
vantage	n.	the quality of having a superior or more favorable position
vanuatu	n.	a volcanic island republic in Melanesia; independent since 1980
vanzetti	n.	United States anarchist (born in Italy) who with Nicola Sacco was convicted of murder and in spite of world-wide protest was executed (1888-1927)
vapid	adj.	lacking taste or flavor or tang
vapid	adj.	lacking significance or liveliness or spirit or zest
vapidity	n.	the quality of being vapid and unsophisticated
vapidness	n.	the quality of being vapid and unsophisticated
vapor	n.	a visible suspension in the air of particles of some substance
vapor	n.	the process of becoming a vapor
vaporization	n.	annihilation by vaporizing something
vaporization	n.	the process of becoming a vapor
vaporize	v.	kill with or as if with a burst of gunfire or electric current or as if by shooting
vaporize	v.	turn into gas
vaporize	v.	lose or cause to lose liquid by vaporization leaving a more concentrated residue
vaporize	v.	decrease rapidly and disappear
vaporizer	n.	a device that puts out a substance in the form of a vapor (especially for medicinal inhalation)
vaporous	adj.	so thin as to transmit light
vaporous	adj.	resembling or characteristic of vapor
vaporous	adj.	filled with vapor
vaquero	n.	local names for a cowboy (`vaquero' is used especially in southwestern and central Texas and `buckaroo' is used especially in California)
var	n.	a unit of electrical power in an AC circuit equal to the power dissipated when 1 volt produces a current of 1 ampere
varese	n.	United States composer (born in France) whose music combines dissonance with complex rhythms and the use of electronic techniques (1883-1965)
vargas	n.	Brazilian statesman who ruled Brazil as a virtual dictator (1883-1954)
variability	n.	the quality of being subject to variation
variability	n.	the quality of being uneven and lacking uniformity
variable	n.	something that is likely to vary; something that is subject to variation
variable	n.	a quantity that can assume any of a set of values
variable	n.	a star that varies noticeably in brightness
variable	n.	a symbol (like x or y) that is used in mathematical or logical expressions to represent a variable quantity
variable	adj.	liable to or capable of change
variable	adj.	marked by diversity or difference
variable	adj.	(used of a device) designed so that a property (as e.g. light) can be varied
variably	adv.	with variation; in a variable manner or to a variable degree
variance	n.	an event that departs from expectations
variance	n.	discord that splits a group
variance	n.	the second moment around the mean; the expected value of the square of the deviations of a random variable from its mean value
variance	n.	a difference between conflicting facts or claims or opinions
variance	n.	the quality of being subject to variation
variance	n.	an official dispensation to act contrary to a rule or regulation (typically a building regulation)
variance	n.	an activity that varies from a norm or standard
variant	n.	an event that departs from expectations
variant	n.	(biology) a group of organisms within a species that differ in trivial ways from similar groups
variant	n.	a variable quantity that is random
variant	n.	something a little different from others of the same type
variant	adj.	differing from a norm or standard
variant	adj.	exhibiting variation and change
variate	n.	a variable quantity that is random
variation	n.	an instance of change; the rate or magnitude of change
variation	n.	an activity that varies from a norm or standard
variation	n.	a repetition of a musical theme in which it is modified or embellished
variation	n.	something a little different from others of the same type
variation	n.	an artifact that deviates from a norm or standard
variation	n.	the angle (at a particular location) between magnetic north and true north
variation	n.	the process of varying or being varied
variation	n.	(astronomy) any perturbation of the mean motion or orbit of a planet or satellite (especially a perturbation of the earth's moon)
variation	n.	(biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration
variation	n.	(ballet) a solo dance or dance figure
variation	n.	the act of changing or altering something slightly but noticeably from the norm or standard
varicolored	adj.	having a variety of colors
varicolored	adj.	having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly
varicose	adj.	abnormally swollen or knotty
varied	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
varied	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
varied	v.	be subject to change in accordance with a variable
varied	v.	make something more diverse and varied
varied	adj.	characterized by variety
varied	adj.	widely different
varied	adj.	broken away from sameness or identity or duplication
variegate	v.	change the appearance of, especially by marking with different colors
variegate	v.	make something more diverse and varied
variegation	n.	variability in coloration
variegation	n.	the act of introducing variety (especially in investments or in the variety of goods and services offered)
varietal	n.	a wine made principally from one grape and carrying the name of that grape
variety	n.	a collection containing a variety of sorts of things
variety	n.	noticeable heterogeneity
variety	n.	(biology) a taxonomic category consisting of members of a species that differ from others of the same species in minor but heritable characteristics
variety	n.	a show consisting of a series of short unrelated performances
variety	n.	a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
variety	n.	a difference that is usually pleasant
various	adj.	of many different kinds purposefully arranged but lacking any uniformity
various	adj.	considered individually
various	adj.	distinctly dissimilar or unlike
various	adj.	having great diversity or variety
varlet	n.	a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel
varlet	n.	in medieval times a youth acting as a knight's attendant as the first stage in training for knighthood
varmint	n.	an irritating or obnoxious person
varmint	n.	any usually predatory wild animal considered undesirable; e.g., coyote
varnish	n.	a coating that provides a hard, lustrous, transparent finish to a surface
varnish	v.	cover with varnish
varnished	v.	cover with varnish
varnished	adj.	having a coating of stain or varnish
varsity	n.	a British abbreviation of `university'; usually refers to Oxford University or Cambridge University
varsity	n.	a team representing a college or university
vary	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
vary	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
vary	v.	be subject to change in accordance with a variable
vary	v.	make something more diverse and varied
varying	v.	become different in some particular way, without permanently losing one's or its former characteristics or essence
varying	v.	be at variance with; be out of line with
varying	v.	be subject to change in accordance with a variable
varying	v.	make something more diverse and varied
varying	adj.	marked by diversity or difference
vascular	adj.	of or relating to or having vessels that conduct and circulate fluids
vase	n.	an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers
vasectomy	n.	surgical procedure that removes all or part of the vas deferens (usually as a means of sterilization); is sometimes reversible
vaseline	n.	a trademarked brand of petroleum jelly
vasoconstriction	n.	decrease in the diameter of blood vessels
vasomotor	adj.	relating to the nerves and muscles that cause the blood vessels to constrict or dilate
vassal	n.	a person holding a fief; a person who owes allegiance and service to a feudal lord
vassalage	n.	the state of a serf
vast	adj.	unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; - W.R.Inge
vastness	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
vat	n.	a tax levied on the difference between a commodity's price before taxes and its cost of production
vat	n.	a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids
vatican	n.	the residence of the Catholic Pope in the Vatican City
vaudeville	n.	a variety show with songs and comic acts etc.
vaudevillian	n.	a performer who works in vaudeville
vaughan	n.	United States jazz singer noted for her complex bebop phrasing and scat singing (1924-1990)
vault	n.	a burial chamber (usually underground)
vault	n.	a strongroom or compartment (often made of steel) for safekeeping of valuables
vault	n.	an arched brick or stone ceiling or roof
vault	n.	the act of jumping over an obstacle
vault	v.	jump across or leap over (an obstacle)
vault	v.	bound vigorously
vaulter	n.	an athlete who jumps over a high crossbar with the aid of a long pole
vaulting	n.	(architecture) a vaulted structure
vaulting	n.	a light leap by a horse in which both hind legs leave the ground before the forelegs come down
vaulting	v.	jump across or leap over (an obstacle)
vaulting	v.	bound vigorously
vaulting	adj.	revealing excessive self-confidence; reaching for the heights
vaunt	n.	extravagant self-praise
vaunt	v.	show off
vcr	n.	a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs
vd	n.	a communicable infection transmitted by sexual intercourse or genital contact
vdu	n.	(British) British term for video display
veal	n.	meat from a calf
veblen	n.	United States economist who wrote about conspicuous consumption (1857-1929)
veblen	n.	United States mathematician (1880-1960)
vector	n.	a variable quantity that can be resolved into components
vector	n.	a straight line segment whose length is magnitude and whose orientation in space is direction
vector	n.	any agent (person or animal or microorganism) that carries and transmits a disease
vector	n.	(genetics) a virus or other agent that is used to deliver DNA to a cell
veda	n.	(from the Sanskrit word for `knowledge') any of the most ancient sacred writings of Hinduism written in early Sanskrit; traditionally believed to comprise the Samhitas, the Brahmanas, the Aranyakas, and the Upanishads
vedanta	n.	(from the Sanskrit for `end of the Veda') one of six orthodox philosophical systems or viewpoints rooted in the Upanishads as opposed to Mimamsa which relies on the Vedas and Brahmanas
veer	v.	turn sharply; change direction abruptly
veer	v.	shift to a clockwise direction
veg	n.	edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruits of any of numerous herbaceous plant
vega	n.	prolific Spanish playwright (1562-1635)
vega	n.	the brightest star in the constellation Lyra
vegan	n.	a strict vegetarian; someone who eats no animal or dairy products at all
vegas	n.	prolific Spanish playwright (1562-1635)
vegas	n.	the brightest star in the constellation Lyra
vegetable	n.	edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruits of any of numerous herbaceous plant
vegetable	n.	any of various herbaceous plants cultivated for an edible part such as the fruit or the root of the beet or the leaf of spinach or the seeds of bean plants or the flower buds of broccoli or cauliflower
vegetarian	n.	eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (often) any animal products
vegetarianism	n.	a diet excluding all meat and fish
vegetate	v.	lead a passive existence without using one's body or mind
vegetate	v.	establish vegetation on
vegetate	v.	produce vegetation
vegetate	v.	grow like a plant
vegetate	v.	grow or spread abnormally
vegetate	v.	propagate asexually
vegetate	v.	engage in passive relaxation
vegetation	n.	all the plant life in a particular region or period
vegetation	n.	the process of growth in plants
vegetation	n.	an abnormal growth or excrescence (especially a warty excrescence on the valves of the heart)
vegetation	n.	inactivity that is passive and monotonous, comparable to the inactivity of plant life
veggie	n.	edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruits of any of numerous herbaceous plant
vehemence	n.	intensity or forcefulness of expression
vehemence	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
vehement	adj.	marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid
vehement	adj.	characterized by great force or energy
vehicle	n.	a conveyance that transports people or objects
vehicle	n.	a medium for the expression or achievement of something
vehicle	n.	any substance that facilitates the use of a drug or pigment or other material that is mixed with it
vehicle	n.	any inanimate object (as a towel or money or clothing or dishes or books or toys etc.) that can transmit infectious agents from one person to another
vehicular	adj.	of or relating to or intended for (motor) vehicles
veil	n.	a garment that covers the head and face
veil	n.	a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushrooms
veil	n.	the inner membrane of embryos in higher vertebrates (especially when covering the head at birth)
veil	n.	a vestment worn by a priest at High Mass in the Roman Catholic Church; a silk shawl
veil	v.	to obscure, or conceal with or as if with a veil
veil	v.	make undecipherable or imperceptible by obscuring or concealing
vein	n.	a blood vessel that carries blood from the capillaries toward the heart
vein	n.	a distinctive style or manner
vein	n.	any of the vascular bundles or ribs that form the branching framework of conducting and supporting tissues in a leaf or other plant organ
vein	n.	a layer of ore between layers of rock
vein	n.	one of the horny ribs that stiffen and support the wing of an insect
vein	v.	make a veinlike pattern
vela	n.	a constellation in the southern hemisphere between Carina and Pyxis
vela	n.	a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushrooms
vela	n.	a muscular flap that closes off the nasopharynx during swallowing or speaking
velar	n.	a consonant produced with the back of the tongue touching or near the soft palate
velar	adj.	of or relating to the velum
velar	adj.	produced with the back of the tongue touching or near the soft palate (as `k' in `cat' and `g' in `gun' and `ng' in `sing')
velazquez	n.	Spanish painter (1599-1660)
velcro	n.	nylon fabric used as a fastening
velcro	v.	fasten with Velcro
veld	n.	elevated open grassland in southern Africa
vellum	n.	a heavy creamy-colored paper resembling parchment
vellum	n.	fine parchment prepared from the skin of a young animal e.g. a calf or lamb
velocipede	n.	any of several early bicycles with pedals on the front wheel
velocipede	n.	a vehicle with three wheels that is moved by foot pedals
velocity	n.	distance travelled per unit time
velodrome	n.	a banked oval track for bicycle or motorcycle racing
velour	n.	heavy fabric that resembles velvet
velum	n.	a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushrooms
velum	n.	a muscular flap that closes off the nasopharynx during swallowing or speaking
velveeta	n.	trademark: soft processed American cheese
velvet	n.	a silky densely piled fabric with a plain back
velvet	adj.	smooth and soft to sight or hearing or touch or taste
velvet	adj.	resembling velvet in having a smooth soft surface
velveteen	n.	a usually cotton fabric with a short pile imitating velvet
velvety	adj.	smooth and soft to sight or hearing or touch or taste
velvety	adj.	resembling velvet in having a smooth soft surface
venal	adj.	capable of being corrupted
venality	n.	prostitution of talents or offices or services for reward
venation	n.	(botany) the arrangement of veins in a leaf
venation	n.	(zoology) the system of venous blood vessels in an animal
vend	v.	sell or offer for sale from place to place
vendetta	n.	a feud in which members of the opposing parties murder each other
vendible	adj.	fit to be offered for sale
vendor	n.	someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money
veneer	n.	coating consisting of a thin layer of superior wood glued to a base of inferior wood
veneer	n.	an ornamental coating to a building
veneer	v.	cover with veneer
venerability	n.	the quality of deserving veneration
venerable	adj.	impressive by reason of age
venerable	adj.	profoundly honored
venerate	v.	regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of
veneration	n.	a feeling of profound respect for someone or something
veneration	n.	religious zeal; the willingness to serve God
venereal	adj.	of or relating to the external sex organs
venetian	n.	a resident of Venice
venetian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Venice or its people
venezuela	n.	a republic in northern South America on the Caribbean; achieved independence from Spain in 1811; rich in oil
venezuelan	n.	a native or inhabitant of Venezuela
venezuelan	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Venezuela or its people
vengeance	n.	the act of taking revenge (harming someone in retaliation for something harmful that they have done) especially in the next life; --Romans 12:19; --James Garfield
vengeful	adj.	disposed to seek revenge or intended for revenge; - Shakespeare; - M.R.Cohen
venial	adj.	warranting only temporal punishment
venial	adj.	easily excused or forgiven
venice	n.	the provincial capital of Veneto; built on 118 islands within a lagoon in the Gulf of Venice; has canals instead of streets; one of Italy's major ports and a famous tourist attraction
venison	n.	meat from a deer used as food
venn	n.	English logician who introduced Venn diagrams (1834-1923)
venom	n.	toxin secreted by animals; secreted by certain snakes and poisonous insects (e.g., spiders and scorpions)
venom	n.	feeling a need to see others suffer
venomous	adj.	extremely poisonous or injurious; producing venom
venomous	adj.	marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful
venous	adj.	of or contained in or performing the function of the veins
vent	n.	a hole for the escape of gas or air
vent	n.	external opening of urinary or genital system of a lower vertebrate
vent	n.	a fissure in the earth's crust (or in the surface of some other planet) through which molten lava and gases erupt
vent	n.	a slit in a garment (as in the back seam of a jacket)
vent	n.	activity that frees or expresses creative energy or emotion
vent	v.	give expression or utterance to
vent	v.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen
ventilate	v.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen
ventilate	v.	expose to the circulation of fresh air so as to retard spoilage
ventilate	v.	circulate through and freshen
ventilate	v.	give expression or utterance to
ventilate	v.	furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape
ventilation	n.	the act of supplying fresh air and getting rid of foul air
ventilation	n.	a mechanical system in a building that provides fresh air
ventilation	n.	free and open discussion of (or debate on) some question of public interest
ventilation	n.	the bodily process of inhalation and exhalation; the process of taking in oxygen from inhaled air and releasing carbon dioxide by exhalation
ventilator	n.	a device (such as a fan) that introduces fresh air or expels foul air
ventilator	n.	a device that facilitates breathing in cases of respiratory failure
ventilatory	adj.	provided with ventilation or involving pulmonary ventilation
ventolin	n.	a bronchodilator (trade names Ventolin or Proventil) used for asthma and emphysema and other lung conditions; available in oral or inhalant forms; side effects are tachycardia and shakiness
ventral	adj.	toward or on or near the belly (front of a primate or lower surface of a lower animal)
ventral	adj.	nearest to or facing toward the axis of an organ or organism
ventricle	n.	one of four connected cavities in the brain; is continuous with the central canal of the spinal cord and contains cerebrospinal fluid
ventricle	n.	a chamber of the heart that receives blood from an atrium and pumps it to the arteries
ventricular	adj.	of or relating to a ventricle (of the heart or brain)
ventriloquism	n.	the art of projecting your voice so that it seems to come from another source (as from a ventriloquist's dummy)
ventriloquist	n.	a performer who projects the voice into a wooden dummy
ventriloquy	n.	the art of projecting your voice so that it seems to come from another source (as from a ventriloquist's dummy)
venture	n.	any venturesome undertaking especially one with an uncertain outcome
venture	n.	an investment that is very risky but could yield great profits
venture	n.	a commercial undertaking that risks a loss but promises a profit
venture	v.	proceed somewhere despite the risk of possible dangers
venture	v.	put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation
venture	v.	put at risk
venturesome	adj.	disposed to venture or take risks
venturesomeness	n.	the trait of being adventurous
venturous	adj.	disposed to venture or take risks
venue	n.	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
venue	n.	in law: the jurisdiction where a trial will be held
venus	n.	the second nearest planet to the sun; it is peculiar in that its rotation is slow and retrograde (in the opposite sense of the Earth and all other planets except Uranus); it is visible from Earth as an early `morning star' or an `evening star'
venus	n.	goddess of love; counterpart of Greek Aphrodite
venus	n.	type genus of the family Veneridae: genus of edible clams with thick oval shells
veracious	adj.	habitually speaking the truth
veracious	adj.	precisely accurate
veracity	n.	unwillingness to tell lies
veracruz	n.	a major Mexican port on the Gulf of Mexico in the state of Veracruz
veranda	n.	a porch along the outside of a building (sometimes partly enclosed)
verapamil	n.	a drug (trade names Calan and Isoptin) used as an oral or parenteral calcium blocker in cases of hypertension or congestive heart failure or angina or migraine
verb	n.	the word class that serves as the predicate of a sentence
verb	n.	a content word that denotes an action, occurrence, or state of existence
verbal	adj.	communicated in the form of words
verbal	adj.	of or relating to or formed from words in general
verbal	adj.	of or relating to or formed from a verb
verbal	adj.	relating to or having facility in the use of words
verbal	adj.	expressed in spoken words
verbal	adj.	prolix; - Shakespeare
verbalization	n.	the words that are spoken in the activity of verbalization
verbalization	n.	the activity of expressing something in words
verbalize	v.	be verbose
verbalize	v.	express in speech
verbalize	v.	articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise
verbalize	v.	convert into a verb
verbatim	adj.	in precisely the same words used by a writer or speaker
verbatim	adv.	using exactly the same words
verbena	n.	any of numerous tropical or subtropical American plants of the genus Verbena grown for their showy spikes of variously colored flowers
verbiage	n.	overabundance of words
verbiage	n.	the manner in which something is expressed in words; - G.S.Patton
verbose	adj.	using or containing too many words
verbosity	n.	an expressive style that uses excessive or empty words
verboten	adj.	excluded from use or mention
verdant	adj.	characterized by abundance of verdure
verdi	n.	Italian operatic composer (1813-1901)
verdict	n.	(law) the findings of a jury on issues of fact submitted to it for decision; can be used in formulating a judgment
verdigris	n.	a blue or green powder used as a paint pigment
verdigris	n.	a green patina that forms on copper or brass or bronze that has been exposed to the air or water for long periods of time
verdigris	v.	color verdigris
verdun	n.	a battle in World War I (1916); in some of the bloodiest fighting in World War I the German offensive was stopped
verdure	n.	green foliage
verdure	n.	the lush appearance of flourishing vegetation
verge	n.	a region marking a boundary
verge	n.	the limit beyond which something happens or changes
verge	n.	a ceremonial or emblematic staff
verge	n.	a grass border along a road
verge	v.	border on; come close to
verger	n.	a church officer who takes care of the interior of the building and acts as an attendant (carries the verge) during ceremonies
verifiable	adj.	capable of being verified
verifiable	adj.	capable of being tested (verified or falsified) by experiment or observation
verification	n.	additional proof that something that was believed (some fact or hypothesis or theory) is correct
verification	n.	(law) an affidavit attached to a statement confirming the truth of that statement
verified	v.	confirm the truth of
verified	v.	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard
verified	v.	attach or append a legal verification to (a pleading or petition)
verified	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
verified	adj.	proved to be true
verify	v.	confirm the truth of
verify	v.	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard
verify	v.	attach or append a legal verification to (a pleading or petition)
verify	v.	to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true
verily	adv.	in truth; certainly; ; - Ps 37:3
verisimilitude	n.	the appearance of truth; the quality of seeming to be true
veritable	adj.	often used as intensifiers
veritable	adj.	not counterfeit or copied
verity	n.	conformity to reality or actuality
verity	n.	an enduring or necessary ethical or religious or aesthetic truth
verlaine	n.	French symbolist poet (1844-1896)
vermeer	n.	Dutch painter renowned for his use of light (1632-1675)
vermicelli	n.	pasta in strings thinner than spaghetti
vermiculite	n.	any of a group of yellow or brown hydrous silicate minerals having a micaceous structure
vermiform	adj.	resembling a worm; long and thin and cylindrical
vermilion	n.	a variable color that is vivid red but sometimes with an orange tinge
vermilion	v.	color vermilion
vermilion	adj.	of a vivid red to reddish-orange color
vermin	n.	an irritating or obnoxious person
vermin	n.	any of various small animals or insects that are pests; e.g. cockroaches or rats
verminous	adj.	of the nature of vermin; very offensive or repulsive
vermont	n.	a state in New England
vermonter	n.	a native or resident of Vermont
vermouth	n.	any of several white wines flavored with aromatic herbs; used as aperitifs or in mixed drinks
vernacular	n.	a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)
vernacular	n.	the everyday speech of the people (as distinguished from literary language)
vernacular	adj.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language
vernal	adj.	suggestive of youth; vigorous and fresh
vernal	adj.	of or characteristic of or occurring in spring
verne	n.	French writer who is considered the father of science fiction (1828-1905)
vernier	n.	French mathematician who described the vernier scale (1580-1637)
vernier	n.	a small movable scale that slides along a main scale; the small scale is calibrated to indicate fractional divisions of the main scale
verona	n.	a city in Veneto on the River Adige
veronese	n.	Italian painter of the Venetian school (1528-1588)
veronica	n.	any plant of the genus Veronica
verruca	n.	(pathology) a firm abnormal elevated blemish on the skin; caused by a virus
verrucae	n.	(pathology) a firm abnormal elevated blemish on the skin; caused by a virus
versailles	n.	a city in north central France near Paris; site of the Palace of Versailles that was built by Louis XIV in the 17th century
versailles	n.	a palace built in the 17th century for Louis XIV southwest of Paris near the city of Versailles
versatile	adj.	having great diversity or variety
versatile	adj.	changeable or inconstant
versatile	adj.	competent in many areas and able to turn with ease from one thing to another
versatile	adj.	able to move freely in all directions
versatility	n.	having a wide variety of skills
verse	n.	literature in metrical form
verse	n.	a piece of poetry
verse	n.	a line of metrical text
verse	v.	compose verses or put into verse
verse	v.	familiarize through thorough study or experience
versed	n.	an injectable form of benzodiazepine (trade name Versed) useful for sedation and for reducing pain during uncomfortable medical procedures
versed	v.	compose verses or put into verse
versed	v.	familiarize through thorough study or experience
versed	adj.	thoroughly acquainted through study or experience; -W.H.Hudson; - Herbert Read
versification	n.	a metrical adaptation of something (e.g., of a prose text)
versification	n.	the form or metrical composition of a poem
versification	n.	the art or practice of writing verse
versifier	n.	a writer who composes rhymes; a maker of poor verses (usually used as terms of contempt for minor or inferior poets)
versify	v.	compose verses or put into verse
version	n.	an interpretation of a matter from a particular viewpoint
version	n.	something a little different from others of the same type
version	n.	a written work (as a novel) that has been recast in a new form
version	n.	a written communication in a second language having the same meaning as the written communication in a first language
version	n.	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something
version	n.	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery)
verso	n.	left-hand page
verso	n.	the side of a coin or medal that does not bear the principal design
vertebra	n.	one of the bony segments of the spinal column
vertebrae	n.	one of the bony segments of the spinal column
vertebral	adj.	of or relating to or constituting vertebrae
vertebrate	n.	animals having a bony or cartilaginous skeleton with a segmented spinal column and a large brain enclosed in a skull or cranium
vertebrate	adj.	having a backbone or spinal column
vertex	n.	the point of intersection of lines or the point opposite the base of a figure
vertex	n.	the highest point (of something)
vertical	n.	something that is oriented vertically
vertical	n.	a vertical structural member as a post or stake
vertical	adj.	at right angles to the plane of the horizon or a base line
vertical	adj.	relating to or involving all stages of a business from production to distribution
vertical	adj.	upright in position or posture
vertical	adj.	of or relating to different levels in a hierarchy (as levels of social class or income group)
vertices	n.	the point of intersection of lines or the point opposite the base of a figure
vertices	n.	the highest point (of something)
vertiginous	adj.	having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling
vertigo	n.	a reeling sensation; a feeling that you are about to fall
verve	n.	an energetic style
very	adj.	precisely as stated
very	adj.	being the exact same one; not any other:
very	adv.	used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal
very	adv.	precisely so
vesalius	n.	a Flemish surgeon who is considered the father of modern anatomy (1514-1564)
vesicle	n.	a small anatomically normal sac or bladderlike structure (especially one containing fluid)
vesicular	adj.	of or relating to or involving vesicles
vesiculate	v.	become vesicular or full of air cells
vesiculate	v.	cause to become vesicular or full of air cells
vespasian	n.	Emperor of Rome and founder of the Flavian dynasty who consolidated Roman rule in Germany and Britain and reformed the army and brought prosperity to the empire; began the construction of the Colosseum (9-79)
vesper	n.	a planet (usually Venus) seen at sunset in the western sky
vesper	n.	a late afternoon or evening worship service
vespucci	n.	Florentine navigator who explored the coast of South America; America was named in his honor (1454-1512)
vessel	n.	a tube in which a body fluid circulates
vessel	n.	a craft designed for water transportation
vessel	n.	an object used as a container (especially for liquids)
vest	n.	a man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat
vest	n.	a collarless men's undergarment for the upper part of the body
vest	v.	provide with power and authority
vest	v.	place (authority, property, or rights) in the control of a person or group of persons
vest	v.	become legally vested
vest	v.	clothe oneself in ecclesiastical garments
vest	v.	clothe formally; especially in ecclesiastical robes
vesta	n.	(Roman mythology) goddess of the hearth and its fire whose flame was tended by vestal virgins; counterpart of Greek Hestia
vesta	n.	the brightest asteroid but the fourth to be discovered
vestal	n.	a chaste woman
vestal	adj.	of or relating to Vesta
vestal	adj.	in a state of sexual virginity
vestibule	n.	a large entrance or reception room or area
vestibule	n.	any of various bodily cavities leading to another cavity (as of the ear or vagina)
vestige	n.	an indication that something has been present
vestigial	adj.	not fully developed in mature animals
vesting	v.	provide with power and authority
vesting	v.	place (authority, property, or rights) in the control of a person or group of persons
vesting	v.	become legally vested
vesting	v.	clothe oneself in ecclesiastical garments
vesting	v.	clothe formally; especially in ecclesiastical robes
vestment	n.	gown (especially ceremonial garments) worn by the clergy
vestry	n.	in the Protestant Episcopal Church: a committee elected by the congregation to work with the churchwardens in managing the temporal affairs of the church
vestry	n.	a room in a church where sacred vessels and vestments are kept or meetings are held
vestryman	n.	a man who is a member of a church vestry
vestrymen	n.	a man who is a member of a church vestry
vesuvius	n.	a volcano in southwestern Italy on the Mediterranean coast; a Plinian eruption in 79 AD buried Pompeii and killed Pliny the Elder; last erupted in 1944
vet	n.	a doctor who practices veterinary medicine
vet	n.	a person who has served in the armed forces
vet	v.	work as a veterinarian
vet	v.	examine carefully
vet	v.	provide (a person) with medical care
vet	v.	provide veterinary care for
vetch	n.	any of various climbing plants of the genus Vicia having pinnately compound leaves that terminate in tendrils and small variously colored flowers; includes valuable forage and soil-building plants
veteran	n.	a serviceman who has seen considerable active service
veteran	n.	a person who has served in the armed forces
veteran	n.	an experienced person who has been through many battles; someone who has given long service
veteran	adj.	rendered competent through trial and experience
veterinarian	n.	a doctor who practices veterinary medicine
veterinary	n.	a doctor who practices veterinary medicine
veterinary	adj.	of or relating to veterinarians or veterinary medicine
veto	n.	a vote that blocks a decision
veto	n.	the power or right to prohibit or reject a proposed or intended act (especially the power of a chief executive to reject a bill passed by the legislature)
veto	v.	vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent
veto	v.	command against
vetoes	n.	a vote that blocks a decision
vetoes	n.	the power or right to prohibit or reject a proposed or intended act (especially the power of a chief executive to reject a bill passed by the legislature)
vetoes	v.	vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent
vetoes	v.	command against
vetted	v.	work as a veterinarian
vetted	v.	examine carefully
vetted	v.	provide (a person) with medical care
vetted	v.	provide veterinary care for
vetting	v.	work as a veterinarian
vetting	v.	examine carefully
vetting	v.	provide (a person) with medical care
vetting	v.	provide veterinary care for
vex	v.	cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations
vex	v.	disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress
vex	v.	change the arrangement or position of
vex	v.	subject to prolonged examination, discussion, or deliberation
vex	v.	be a mystery or bewildering to
vexation	n.	anger produced by some annoying irritation
vexation	n.	the psychological state of being irritated or annoyed
vexation	n.	something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness
vexation	n.	the act of troubling or annoying someone
vexatious	adj.	causing irritation or annoyance
vfw	n.	an organization of United States war veterans
vhf	n.	a group of illnesses caused by a viral infection (usually restricted to a specific geographic area); fever and gastrointestinal symptoms are followed by capillary hemorrhage
vhf	n.	30 to 300 megahertz
vi	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of five and one
vi	n.	more than 130 southeastern Virgin Islands; a dependent territory of the United States
vi	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of six items or units
viability	n.	(of living things) capable of normal growth and development
viability	n.	capable of being done in a practical and useful way
viable	adj.	capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are
viable	adj.	capable of life or normal growth and development
viaduct	n.	bridge consisting of a series of arches supported by piers used to carry a road (or railroad) over a valley
viagra	n.	virility drug (trade name Viagra) used to treat erectile dysfunction in men
vial	n.	a small bottle that contains a drug (especially a sealed sterile container for injection by needle)
viand	n.	a choice or delicious dish
vibe	n.	a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively
vibes	n.	a percussion instrument similar to a xylophone but having metal bars and rotating disks in the resonators that produce a vibrato sound
vibes	n.	a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively
vibraharp	n.	a percussion instrument similar to a xylophone but having metal bars and rotating disks in the resonators that produce a vibrato sound
vibrancy	n.	having the character of a loud deep sound; the quality of being resonant
vibrant	adj.	vigorous and animated
vibrant	adj.	of sounds that are strong and resonating
vibrant	adj.	of colors that are bright and striking
vibraphone	n.	a percussion instrument similar to a xylophone but having metal bars and rotating disks in the resonators that produce a vibrato sound
vibraphonist	n.	a musician who plays the vibraphone
vibrate	v.	shake, quiver, or throb; move back and forth rapidly, usually in an uncontrolled manner
vibrate	v.	move or swing from side to side regularly
vibrate	v.	be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action
vibrate	v.	sound with resonance
vibrate	v.	feel sudden intense sensation or emotion
vibration	n.	the act of vibrating
vibration	n.	a shaky motion
vibration	n.	(physics) a regular periodic variation in value about a mean
vibration	n.	a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively
vibrato	n.	(music) a pulsating effect in an instrumental or vocal tone produced by slight and rapid variations in pitch
vibrator	n.	a mechanical device that vibrates
vibrator	n.	mechanical device that produces vibratory motion; used for massage
vibratory	adj.	moving very rapidly to and fro or up and down
viburnum	n.	deciduous or evergreen shrubs or small trees: arrow-wood; wayfaring tree
vicar	n.	a Roman Catholic priest who acts for another higher-ranking clergyman
vicar	n.	(Episcopal Church) a clergyman in charge of a chapel
vicar	n.	(Church of England) a clergyman appointed to act as priest of a parish
vicarage	n.	an official residence provided by a church for its parson or vicar or rector
vicarious	adj.	experienced at secondhand
vicarious	adj.	occurring in an abnormal part of the body instead of the usual site involved in that function
vicarious	adj.	suffered or done by one person as a substitute for another
vice	n.	moral weakness
vice	n.	a specific form of evildoing
vicegerent	n.	someone appointed by a ruler as an administrative deputy
vicennial	adj.	occurring once every 20 years
viceregal	adj.	of or relating to a viceroy
viceroy	n.	governor of a country or province who rules as the representative of his or her king or sovereign
viceroy	n.	showy American butterfly resembling the monarch but smaller
vichy	n.	a town in central France (south of Paris) noted for hot mineral springs; was capital of the unoccupied part of France during World War II
vichyssoise	n.	a creamy potato soup flavored with leeks and onions; usually served cold
vicinity	n.	a surrounding or nearby region
vicious	adj.	(of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering
vicious	adj.	having the nature of vice
vicious	adj.	bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure
vicious	adj.	marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful
viciousness	n.	the trait of extreme cruelty
vicissitude	n.	a variation in circumstances or fortune at different times in your life or in the development of something
vicissitude	n.	mutability in life or nature (especially successive alternation from one condition to another)
vicksburg	n.	a town in western Mississippi on bluffs above the Mississippi River to the west of Jackson; focus of an important campaign during the American Civil War as the Union fought to control the Mississippi River and so to cut the Confederacy into two halves
vicksburg	n.	a decisive battle in the American Civil War (1863); after being besieged for nearly seven weeks the Confederates surrendered
victim	n.	an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance
victim	n.	a person who is tricked or swindled
victimization	n.	adversity resulting from being made a victim
victimization	n.	an act that exploits or victimizes someone (treats them unfairly)
victimize	v.	make a victim of
victimize	v.	punish unjustly
victimize	v.	deprive of by deceit
victor	n.	a combatant who is able to defeat rivals
victor	n.	the contestant who wins the contest
victoria	n.	queen of Great Britain and Ireland and empress of India from 1837 to 1901; the last Hanoverian ruler of England (1819-1901)
victoria	n.	(Roman mythology) goddess of victory; counterpart of Greek Nike
victoria	n.	a waterfall in the Zambezi River on the border between Zimbabwe and Zambia; diminishes seasonally
victoria	n.	a town in southeast Texas to the southeast of San Antonio
victoria	n.	port city and the capital of Seychelles
victoria	n.	a state in southeastern Australia
victoria	n.	capital of the Canadian province of British Columbia on Vancouver Island
victorian	n.	a person who lived during the reign of Victoria
victorian	adj.	of or relating to Queen Victoria of Great Britain or to the age in which she ruled
victorian	adj.	exaggeratedly proper
victorian	adj.	typical of the moral standards or conduct of the age of Queen Victoria
victorious	adj.	having won
victorious	adj.	experiencing triumph
victory	n.	a successful ending of a struggle or contest
victrola	n.	a brand of gramophone
victual	n.	any substance that can be used as food
victual	v.	supply with food
victual	v.	lay in provisions
victual	v.	take in nourishment
vicuna	n.	the wool of the vicuna
vicuna	n.	a soft wool fabric made from the fleece of the vicuna
vicuna	n.	small wild cud-chewing Andean animal similar to the guanaco but smaller; valued for its fleecy undercoat
vidal	n.	United States writer (born in 1925)
videlicet	adv.	as follows
video	n.	the visible part of a television transmission
video	n.	a recording of both the visual and audible components (especially one containing a recording of a movie or television program)
video	n.	(computer science) the appearance of text and graphics on a video display
video	n.	broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects; ;  - Ernie Kovacs
videocassette	n.	a cassette for videotape
videodisc	n.	a digital recording (as of a movie) on an optical disk that can be played on a computer or a television set
videotape	n.	a video recording made on magnetic tape
videotape	n.	a relatively wide magnetic tape for use in recording visual images and associated sound
videotape	v.	record on videotape
vie	v.	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others
vienna	n.	the capital and largest city of Austria; located on the Danube in northeastern Austria; was the home of Beethoven and Brahms and Haydn and Mozart and Schubert and Strauss
viennese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Vienna or its inhabitants
vientiane	n.	the capital and largest city of Laos
vietnam	n.	a communist state in Indochina on the South China Sea; achieved independence from France in 1945
vietnam	n.	a prolonged war (1954-1975) between the communist armies of North Vietnam who were supported by the Chinese and the armies of South Vietnam who were supported by the United States
vietnamese	n.	a native or inhabitant of Vietnam
vietnamese	n.	the Mon-Khmer language spoken in Vietnam
vietnamese	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Vietnam or its people or its language ; ; the Vietnamese tonesVietnamese boat people"
view	n.	a way of regarding situations or topics etc.
view	n.	the visual percept of a region
view	n.	the act of looking or seeing or observing
view	n.	the range of the eye
view	n.	a personal belief or judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty
view	n.	a message expressing a belief about something; the expression of a belief that is held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof
view	n.	purpose; the phrase `with a view to' means `with the intention of' or `for the purpose of'
view	n.	graphic art consisting of the graphic or photographic representation of a visual percept
view	n.	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated
view	n.	outward appearance
view	v.	deem to be
view	v.	look at carefully; study mentally
view	v.	see or watch
viewable	adj.	capable of being viewed
viewer	n.	a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibition of some kind)
viewer	n.	an optical device for viewing photographic transparencies
viewfinder	n.	optical device that helps a user to find the target of interest
viewing	n.	the display of a motion picture
viewing	n.	a vigil held over a corpse the night before burial
viewing	v.	deem to be
viewing	v.	look at carefully; study mentally
viewing	v.	see or watch
viewpoint	n.	a mental position from which things are viewed
viewpoint	n.	a place from which something can be viewed
vigesimal	adj.	relating to or based on the number twenty
vigil	n.	a period of sleeplessness
vigil	n.	the rite of staying awake for devotional purposes (especially on the eve of a religious festival)
vigil	n.	a purposeful surveillance to guard or observe
vigilance	n.	the process of paying close and continuous attention
vigilance	n.	vigilant attentiveness
vigilant	adj.	carefully observant or attentive; on the lookout for possible danger
vigilante	n.	member of a vigilance committee
vigilantism	n.	the actions of a vigilance committee in trying to enforce the laws
vignette	n.	a brief literary description
vignette	n.	a photograph whose edges shade off gradually
vignette	n.	a small illustrative sketch (as sometimes placed at the beginning of chapters in books)
vigor	n.	forceful exertion
vigor	n.	active strength of body or mind
vigor	n.	an imaginative lively style (especially style of writing)
vigorous	adj.	characterized by forceful and energetic action or activity
vigorous	adj.	strong and active physically or mentally; - W.H.Hudson
vii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of six and one
vii	adj.	being one more than six
viii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of seven and one
viii	adj.	being one more than seven
viking	n.	any of the Scandinavian people who raided the coasts of Europe from the 8th to the 11th centuries
vila	n.	capital of Vanuatu
vile	adj.	morally reprehensible
vile	adj.	causing or able to cause nausea
vileness	n.	the quality of being wicked
vileness	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
vilification	n.	slanderous defamation
vilification	n.	a rude expression intended to offend or hurt
vilify	v.	spread negative information about
villa	n.	Mexican revolutionary leader (1877-1923)
villa	n.	detached or semidetached suburban house
villa	n.	country house in ancient Rome consisting of residential quarters and farm buildings around a courtyard
villa	n.	pretentious and luxurious country residence with extensive grounds
village	n.	a community of people smaller than a town
village	n.	a settlement smaller than a town
village	n.	a mainly residential district of Manhattan; `the Village' became a home for many writers and artists in the 20th century
villager	n.	one who has lived in a village most of their life
villain	n.	a wicked or evil person; someone who does evil deliberately
villain	n.	the principal bad character in a film or work of fiction
villainous	adj.	extremely wicked
villainy	n.	the quality of evil by virtue of villainous behavior
villainy	n.	a criminal or vicious act
villas	n.	Mexican revolutionary leader (1877-1923)
villas	n.	detached or semidetached suburban house
villas	n.	country house in ancient Rome consisting of residential quarters and farm buildings around a courtyard
villas	n.	pretentious and luxurious country residence with extensive grounds
villein	n.	(Middle Ages) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord
villeinage	n.	the legal status or condition of servitude of a villein or feudal serf
villeinage	n.	tenure by which a villein held land
villi	n.	a minute hairlike projection on mucous membrane
villon	n.	French poet (flourished around 1460)
villus	n.	a minute hairlike projection on mucous membrane
vilnius	n.	the capital and largest city of Lithuania; located in southeastern Lithuania
vim	n.	a healthy capacity for vigorous activity
vim	n.	an imaginative lively style (especially style of writing)
vinaigrette	n.	oil and vinegar with mustard and garlic
vincible	adj.	susceptible to being defeated
vindicate	v.	show to be right by providing justification or proof
vindicate	v.	maintain, uphold, or defend
vindicate	v.	clear of accusation, blame, suspicion, or doubt with supporting proof
vindication	n.	the act of vindicating or defending against criticism or censure etc.
vindication	n.	the justification for some act or belief
vindicator	n.	a person who argues to defend or justify some policy or institution
vindictive	adj.	disposed to seek revenge or intended for revenge; - Shakespeare; - M.R.Cohen
vindictive	adj.	showing malicious ill will and a desire to hurt; motivated by spite
vindictiveness	n.	a malevolent desire for revenge
vine	n.	a plant with a weak stem that derives support from climbing, twining, or creeping along a surface
vinegar	n.	sour-tasting liquid produced usually by oxidation of the alcohol in wine or cider and used as a condiment or food preservative
vinegar	n.	dilute acetic acid
vinegary	adj.	tasting or smelling like vinegar
vinegary	adj.	having a sour disposition; ill-tempered
vineyard	n.	a farm of grapevines where wine grapes are produced
vino	n.	fermented juice (of grapes especially)
vinous	adj.	of or relating to wine
vinson	n.	United States jurist who served as chief justice of the Supreme Court (1890-1953)
vintage	n.	a season's yield of wine from a vineyard
vintage	n.	the oldness of wines
vintner	n.	someone who sells wine
vintner	n.	someone who makes wine
vinyl	n.	a univalent chemical radical derived from ethylene
vinyl	n.	shiny and tough and flexible plastic; used especially for floor coverings
viol	n.	any of a family of bowed stringed instruments that preceded the violin family
viola	n.	any of the numerous plants of the genus Viola
viola	n.	large genus of flowering herbs of temperate regions
viola	n.	a bowed stringed instrument slightly larger than a violin, tuned a fifth lower
violable	adj.	capable of being violated
violate	v.	fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns
violate	v.	act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts, or promises
violate	v.	destroy
violate	v.	violate the sacred character of a place or language
violate	v.	force (someone) to have sex against their will
violate	v.	destroy and strip of its possession
violation	n.	a crime less serious than a felony
violation	n.	an act that disregards an agreement or a right
violation	n.	entry to another's property without right or permission
violation	n.	a disrespectful act
violation	n.	the crime of forcing a woman to submit to sexual intercourse against her will
violator	n.	someone who violates the law
violator	n.	someone who assaults others sexually
violence	n.	an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists)
violence	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
violence	n.	a turbulent state resulting in injuries and destruction etc.
violent	adj.	acting with or marked by or resulting from great force or energy or emotional intensity
violent	adj.	effected by force or injury rather than natural causes
violent	adj.	(of colors or sounds) intensely vivid or loud
violent	adj.	marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid
violent	adj.	characterized by violence or bloodshed; - Andrea Parke; - Thomas Gray; - Hudson Strode
violet	n.	any of numerous low-growing violas with small flowers
violet	n.	a variable color that lies beyond blue in the spectrum
violet	adj.	of a color intermediate between red and blue
violin	n.	bowed stringed instrument that is the highest member of the violin family; this instrument has four strings and a hollow body and an unfretted fingerboard and is played with a bow
violinist	n.	a musician who plays the violin
violist	n.	a musician who plays the viola
violoncellist	n.	someone who plays a violoncello
violoncello	n.	a large stringed instrument; seated player holds it upright while playing
vip	n.	an important or influential (and often overbearing) person
viper	n.	venomous Old World snakes characterized by hollow venom-conducting fangs in the upper jaw
virago	n.	a noisy or scolding or domineering woman
virago	n.	a large strong and aggressive woman
viragoes	n.	a noisy or scolding or domineering woman
viragoes	n.	a large strong and aggressive woman
viral	adj.	relating to or caused by a virus
vireo	n.	any of various small insectivorous American birds chiefly olive-grey in color
virgil	n.	a Roman poet; author of the epic poem `Aeneid' (70-19 BC)
virgin	n.	a person who has never had sex
virgin	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Virgo
virgin	n.	the sixth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about August 23 to September 22
virgin	adj.	being used or worked for the first time
virgin	adj.	in a state of sexual virginity
virginal	n.	a legless rectangular harpsichord; played (usually by women) in the 16th and 17th centuries
virginal	adj.	characteristic of a virgin or virginity
virginal	adj.	untouched or undefiled; - L.P.Smith
virginal	adj.	in a state of sexual virginity
virginia	n.	a state in the eastern United States; one of the original 13 colonies; one of the Confederate States in the American Civil War
virginia	n.	one of the British colonies that formed the United States
virginia	n.	a town in northeastern Minnesota in the heart of the Mesabi Range
virginian	n.	a native or resident of Virginia
virginity	n.	the condition or quality of being a virgin
virgo	n.	(astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Virgo
virgo	n.	a large zodiacal constellation on the equator; between Leo and Libra
virgo	n.	the sixth sign of the zodiac; the sun is in this sign from about August 23 to September 22
virgule	n.	a punctuation mark (/) used to separate related items of information
virile	adj.	characterized by energy and vigor
virile	adj.	characteristic of a man
virile	adj.	(of a male) capable of copulation
virility	n.	the masculine property of being capable of copulation and procreation
virility	n.	the trait of being manly; having the characteristics of an adult male
virologist	n.	a specialist in virology
virology	n.	the branch of medical science that studies viruses and viral diseases
virtual	adj.	being actually such in almost every respect
virtual	adj.	existing in essence or effect though not in actual fact
virtue	n.	the quality of doing what is right and avoiding what is wrong
virtue	n.	any admirable quality or attribute
virtue	n.	morality with respect to sexual relations
virtue	n.	a particular moral excellence
virtuosity	n.	technical skill or fluency or style exhibited by a virtuoso
virtuoso	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
virtuoso	n.	a musician who is a consummate master of technique and artistry
virtuoso	adj.	having or revealing supreme mastery or skill
virtuous	adj.	morally excellent
virtuous	adj.	in a state of sexual virginity
virtuousness	n.	the quality of doing what is right and avoiding what is wrong
virulence	n.	extreme harmfulness (as the capacity of a microorganism to cause disease)
virulence	n.	extreme hostility
virulent	adj.	extremely poisonous or injurious; producing venom
virulent	adj.	infectious; having the ability to cause disease
virulent	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
virus	n.	(virology) ultramicroscopic infectious agent that replicates itself only within cells of living hosts; many are pathogenic; a piece of nucleic acid (DNA or RNA) wrapped in a thin coat of protein
virus	n.	a harmful or corrupting agency
virus	n.	a software program capable of reproducing itself and usually capable of causing great harm to files or other programs on the same computer
visa	n.	an endorsement made in a passport that allows the bearer to enter the country issuing it
visa	v.	provide (a passport) with a visa
visa	v.	approve officially
visage	n.	the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British)
visage	n.	the appearance conveyed by a person's face
visayans	n.	a member of the most numerous indigenous people of the Philippines
viscera	n.	internal organs collectively (especially those in the abdominal cavity)
visceral	adj.	relating to or affecting the viscera
visceral	adj.	obtained through intuition rather than from reasoning or observation
viscid	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
viscose	n.	a cellulose ester obtained by treating cellulose with caustic soda
viscose	n.	a rayon fabric made from viscose (cellulose xanthate) fibers
viscosity	n.	resistance of a liquid to shear forces (and hence to flow)
viscount	n.	(in various countries) a son or younger brother or a count
viscount	n.	a British peer who ranks below an earl and above a baron
viscountcy	n.	the dignity or rank or position of a viscount or viscountess
viscountcy	n.	the title of a viscount
viscountess	n.	a wife or widow of a viscount
viscountess	n.	a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right
viscous	adj.	having a relatively high resistance to flow
viscous	adj.	having the sticky properties of an adhesive
viscus	n.	a main organ that is situated inside the body
vise	n.	a holding device attached to a workbench; has two jaws to hold workpiece firmly in place
vishnu	n.	the sustainer; a Hindu divinity worshipped as the preserver of worlds
visibility	n.	quality or fact or degree of being visible; perceptible by the eye or obvious to the eye
visibility	n.	degree of exposure to public notice
visibility	n.	capability of providing a clear unobstructed view
visible	adj.	capable of being seen; or open to easy view
visible	adj.	obvious to the eye
visible	adj.	present and easily available
visibly	adv.	in a visible manner
visibly	adv.	so as to be visible
visigoth	n.	a member of the western group of Goths who sacked Rome and created a kingdom in present-day Spain and southern France
visigoths	n.	a member of the western group of Goths who sacked Rome and created a kingdom in present-day Spain and southern France
vision	n.	a vivid mental image
vision	n.	the ability to see; the visual faculty
vision	n.	the perceptual experience of seeing
vision	n.	the formation of a mental image of something that is not perceived as real and is not present to the senses
vision	n.	a religious or mystical experience of a supernatural appearance
visionary	n.	a person given to fanciful speculations and enthusiasms with little regard for what is actually possible
visionary	n.	a person with unusual powers of foresight
visionary	adj.	not practical or realizable; speculative
visit	n.	the act of going to see some person or place or thing for a short time
visit	n.	a meeting arranged by the visitor to see someone (such as a doctor or lawyer) for treatment or advice
visit	n.	the act of visiting in an official capacity (as for an inspection)
visit	n.	the act of going to see some person in a professional capacity
visit	n.	a temporary stay (e.g., as a guest)
visit	v.	go to see a place, as for entertainment
visit	v.	go to certain places as for sightseeing
visit	v.	pay a brief visit
visit	v.	come to see in an official or professional capacity
visit	v.	impose something unpleasant
visit	v.	talk socially without exchanging too much information
visit	v.	stay with as a guest
visit	v.	assail
visitant	n.	someone who visits
visitation	n.	an annoying or frustrating or catastrophic event
visitation	n.	any disaster or catastrophe
visitation	n.	an official visit for inspection or supervision
visitor	n.	someone who visits
visor	n.	a piece of armor plate (with eye slits) fixed or hinged to a medieval helmet to protect the face
visor	n.	a brim that projects to the front to shade the eyes
vista	n.	the visual percept of a region
vistula	n.	a European river; flows into the Baltic Sea
visual	adj.	relating to or using sight
visual	adj.	visible; - Shakespeare
visualization	n.	a mental image that is similar to a visual perception
visualize	v.	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
visualize	v.	view the outline of by means of an X-ray
visualize	v.	form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract
visualize	v.	make visible
visualizer	n.	one whose prevailing mental imagery is visual
vital	adj.	urgently needed; absolutely necessary
vital	adj.	performing an essential function in the living body
vital	adj.	full of spirit
vital	adj.	manifesting or characteristic of life
vitality	n.	an energetic style
vitality	n.	a healthy capacity for vigorous activity
vitality	n.	(biology) a hypothetical force (not physical or chemical) once thought by Henri Bergson to cause the evolution and development of organisms
vitality	n.	the property of being able to survive and grow
vitalization	n.	the state of being vitalized and filled with life
vitalize	v.	give life to
vitalize	v.	make more lively or vigorous
vitals	n.	a bodily organ that is essential for life
vitamin	n.	any of a group of organic substances essential in small quantities to normal metabolism
vitiate	v.	corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality
vitiate	v.	make imperfect
vitiate	v.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective
vitiation	n.	nullification by the destruction of the legal force; rendering null
viticulture	n.	the cultivation of grapes and grape vines; grape growing
viticulturist	n.	a cultivator of grape vine
vitreous	adj.	of or relating to or constituting the vitreous humor of the eye
vitreous	adj.	relating to or resembling or derived from or containing glass
vitreous	adj.	(of ceramics) having the surface made shiny and nonporous by fusing a vitreous solution to it
vitrification	n.	a vitrified substance; the glassy result of being vitrified
vitrification	n.	the process of becoming vitreous
vitrify	v.	change into glass or a glass-like substance by applying heat
vitrify	v.	undergo vitrification; become glassy or glass-like
vitrine	n.	a glass container used to store and display items in a shop or museum or home
vitriol	n.	(H2SO4) a highly corrosive acid made from sulfur dioxide; widely used in the chemical industry
vitriol	n.	abusive or venomous language used to express blame or censure or bitter deep-seated ill will
vitriol	v.	expose to the effects of vitriol or injure with vitriol
vitriol	v.	subject to bitter verbal abuse
vitriolic	adj.	harsh or corrosive in tone
vitriolic	adj.	of a substance, especially a strong acid; capable of destroying or eating away by chemical action
vitriolically	adv.	in a caustic vitriolic manner
vituperate	v.	spread negative information about
vituperation	n.	abusive or venomous language used to express blame or censure or bitter deep-seated ill will
vitus	n.	Christian martyr and patron of those who suffer from epilepsy and Sydenham's chorea (died around 300)
viva	n.	an examination conducted by spoken communication
vivace	adj.	(of tempo) very fast and lively
vivace	adv.	lively, in music
vivacious	adj.	vigorous and animated
vivacity	n.	characterized by high spirits and animation
vivaldi	n.	Italian baroque composer and violinist (1675-1741)
vivaria	n.	an indoor enclosure for keeping and raising living animals and plants and observing them under natural conditions
vivarium	n.	an indoor enclosure for keeping and raising living animals and plants and observing them under natural conditions
vivid	adj.	evoking lifelike images within the mind
vivid	adj.	having the clarity and freshness of immediate experience
vivid	adj.	having striking color
vivid	adj.	(of color) having the highest saturation
vividness	n.	interest and variety and intensity
vividness	n.	chromatic purity: freedom from dilution with white and hence vivid in hue
vivify	v.	give new life or energy to
vivify	v.	make more striking or animated
viviparous	adj.	producing living young (not eggs)
vivisect	v.	cut (a body) open while still alive
vivisection	n.	the act of operating on living animals (especially in scientific research)
vivisectionist	n.	a biologist who cuts open live animals for research
vixen	n.	a malicious woman with a fierce temper
vixen	n.	a female fox
vixenish	adj.	shrewish and malicious
vizier	n.	a high official in a Muslim government (especially in the Ottoman Empire)
vladivostok	n.	a seaport in the Asian part of Russia
vlaminck	n.	French painter and exponent of fauvism (1876-1958)
vlf	n.	3 to 30 kilohertz
vocable	n.	a word that is spoken aloud
vocabulary	n.	a listing of the words used in some enterprise
vocabulary	n.	a language user's knowledge of words
vocabulary	n.	the system of techniques or symbols serving as a means of expression (as in arts or crafts)
vocal	n.	music intended to be performed by one or more singers, usually with instrumental accompaniment
vocal	n.	a short musical composition with words
vocal	adj.	relating to or designed for or using the singing voice
vocal	adj.	having or using the power to produce speech or sound
vocal	adj.	given to expressing yourself freely or insistently
vocal	adj.	full of the sound of voices
vocalic	adj.	being or containing or characterized by vowels; ; - Walter Scott
vocalic	adj.	relating to or associated with or containing a vowel
vocalist	n.	a person who sings
vocalization	n.	the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds modified by the resonance of the vocal tract
vocalization	n.	the use of uttered sounds for auditory communication
vocalize	v.	utter with vibrating vocal chords
vocalize	v.	sing (each note a scale or in a melody) with the same vowel
vocalize	v.	pronounce as a vowel
vocalize	v.	express or state clearly
vocalize	v.	utter speech sounds
vocation	n.	the particular occupation for which you are trained
vocation	n.	a body of people doing the same kind of work
vocational	adj.	of or relating to a vocation or occupation; especially providing or undergoing training in special skills
vocative	n.	the case (in some inflected languages) used when the referent of the noun is being addressed
vocative	adj.	relating to a case used in some languages
vociferate	v.	utter in a very loud voice
vociferation	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
vociferous	adj.	conspicuously and offensively loud; given to vehement outcry
vodka	n.	unaged colorless liquor originating in Russia
vogue	n.	the popular taste at a given time
vogue	n.	a current state of general acceptance and use
voguish	adj.	elegant and stylish
voguish	adj.	in accord with the latest fad
voice	n.	the distinctive quality or pitch or condition of a person's speech
voice	n.	the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds modified by the resonance of the vocal tract
voice	n.	a sound suggestive of a vocal utterance
voice	n.	expressing in coherent verbal form
voice	n.	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated
voice	n.	something suggestive of speech in being a medium of expression
voice	n.	(metonymy) a singer
voice	n.	an advocate who represents someone else's policy or purpose
voice	n.	the ability to speak
voice	n.	(linguistics) the grammatical relation (active or passive) of the grammatical subject of a verb to the action that the verb denotes
voice	n.	the melody carried by a particular voice or instrument in polyphonic music
voice	v.	give voice to
voice	v.	utter with vibrating vocal chords
voiced	v.	give voice to
voiced	v.	utter with vibrating vocal chords
voiced	adj.	produced with vibration of the vocal cords
voiceless	adj.	produced without vibration of the vocal cords
voiceless	adj.	deprived of the rights of citizenship especially the right to vote
voiceless	adj.	uttered without voice
voiceless	adj.	being without sound through injury or illness and thus incapable of all but whispered speech
voicelessness	n.	a disorder of the vocal organs that results in the loss of voice
voicelessness	n.	speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords
voicelessness	n.	having no voice in the management or control of affairs
voicemail	n.	a computerized system for answering and routing telephone calls; telephone messages can be recorded and stored and relayed
void	n.	the state of nonexistence
void	n.	an empty area or space
void	v.	declare invalid
void	v.	clear (a room, house, place) of occupants or empty or clear (a place or receptacle) of something
void	v.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective
void	v.	excrete or discharge from the body
void	adj.	lacking any legal or binding force
void	adj.	containing nothing
voile	n.	a light semitransparent fabric
volatile	n.	a volatile substance; a substance that changes readily from solid or liquid to a vapor
volatile	adj.	evaporating readily at normal temperatures and pressures
volatile	adj.	liable to lead to sudden change or violence
volatile	adj.	marked by erratic changeableness in affections or attachments
volatile	adj.	tending to vary often or widely
volatility	n.	the property of changing readily from a solid or liquid to a vapor
volatility	n.	the trait of being unpredictably irresolute
volatility	n.	being easily excited
volatilize	v.	make volatile; cause to pass off in a vapor
volcanic	adj.	relating to or produced by or consisting of volcanoes
volcanic	adj.	explosively unstable
volcanic	adj.	igneous rock produced by eruption and solidified on or near the earth's surface; rhyolite or andesite or basalt
volcanism	n.	the phenomena associated with volcanic activity
volcano	n.	a fissure in the earth's crust (or in the surface of some other planet) through which molten lava and gases erupt
volcano	n.	a mountain formed by volcanic material
volcanoes	n.	a fissure in the earth's crust (or in the surface of some other planet) through which molten lava and gases erupt
volcanoes	n.	a mountain formed by volcanic material
vole	n.	any of various small mouselike rodents of the family Cricetidae (especially of genus Microtus) having a stout short-tailed body and inconspicuous ears and inhabiting fields or meadows
volga	n.	a Russian river; the longest river in Europe; flows into the Caspian Sea
volgograd	n.	a city in the European part of Russia on the Volga; site of German defeat in World War II in the winter of 1942-43
volition	n.	the capability of conscious choice and decision and intention; - George Meredith
volition	n.	the act of making a choice
volitional	adj.	with deliberate intention
volley	n.	rapid simultaneous discharge of firearms
volley	n.	a tennis return made by hitting the ball before it bounces
volley	v.	be dispersed in a volley
volley	v.	hit before it touches the ground
volley	v.	discharge in, or as if in, a volley
volley	v.	make a volley
volley	v.	utter rapidly
volleyball	n.	a game in which two teams hit an inflated ball over a high net using their hands
volleyball	n.	an inflated ball used in playing volleyball
volt	n.	a unit of potential equal to the potential difference between two points on a conductor carrying a current of 1 ampere when the power dissipated between the two points is 1 watt; equivalent to the potential difference across a resistance of 1 ohm when 1 ampere of current flows through it
volta	n.	Italian physicist after whom the volt is named; studied electric currents and invented the voltaic pile (1745-1827)
volta	n.	a river in Ghana that flows south to the Bight of Benin
voltage	n.	the rate at which energy is drawn from a source that produces a flow of electricity in a circuit; expressed in volts
voltage	n.	the difference in electrical charge between two points in a circuit expressed in volts
voltaic	n.	a group of Niger-Congo languages spoken primarily in southeastern Mali and northern Ghana
voltaic	adj.	pertaining to or producing electric current by chemical action
voltaire	n.	French writer who was the embodiment of 18th century Enlightenment (1694-1778)
voltmeter	n.	meter that measures the potential difference between two points
volubility	n.	the quality of being facile in speech and writing
voluble	adj.	marked by a ready flow of speech
volubly	adv.	in a chatty manner
volume	n.	the amount of 3-dimensional space occupied by an object
volume	n.	the property of something that is great in magnitude
volume	n.	physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together
volume	n.	a publication that is one of a set of several similar publications
volume	n.	a relative amount
volume	n.	the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction)
volumetric	adj.	of or relating to measurement by volume
voluminous	adj.	large in volume or bulk
voluminous	adj.	marked by repeated turns and bends
voluminous	adj.	large in number or quantity (especially of discourse)
voluminousness	n.	greatness of volume
voluntarily	adv.	out of your own free will
voluntary	n.	(military) a person who freely enlists for service
voluntary	n.	composition (often improvised) for a solo instrument (especially solo organ) and not a regular part of a religious service or musical performance
voluntary	adj.	of your own free will or design; done by choice; not forced or compelled
voluntary	adj.	controlled by individual volition
volunteer	n.	(military) a person who freely enlists for service
volunteer	n.	a person who performs voluntary work
volunteer	n.	a native or resident of Tennessee
volunteer	v.	tell voluntarily
volunteer	v.	agree freely
volunteer	v.	do volunteer work
volunteer	adj.	without payment
voluptuary	n.	a person addicted to luxury and pleasures of the senses
voluptuary	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
voluptuous	adj.	having strong sexual appeal
voluptuous	adj.	(of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves
voluptuous	adj.	displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses
voluptuousness	n.	the quality of being attractive and exciting (especially sexually exciting)
voluptuousness	n.	the property of being lush and abundant and a pleasure to the senses
voluptuousness	n.	the quality of having a well-rounded body
volute	n.	ornament consisting of a curve on a plane that winds around a center with an increasing distance from the center
volute	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
volute	adj.	in the shape of a coil
vomit	n.	the matter ejected in vomiting
vomit	n.	a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting
vomit	n.	the reflex act of ejecting the contents of the stomach through the mouth
vomit	v.	eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth
vonnegut	n.	United States writer whose novels and short stories are a mixture of realism and satire and science fiction (born in 1922)
voodoo	n.	a charm superstitiously believed to embody magical powers
voodoo	n.	(Haiti) followers of a religion that involves witchcraft and animistic deities
voodoo	n.	a religious cult practiced chiefly in Caribbean countries (especially Haiti); involves witchcraft and animistic deities
voodoo	v.	bewitch by or as if by a voodoo
voodooism	n.	a religious cult practiced chiefly in Caribbean countries (especially Haiti); involves witchcraft and animistic deities
voracious	adj.	excessively greedy and grasping
voracious	adj.	devouring or craving food in great quantities
voraciousness	n.	excessive desire to eat
voraciousness	n.	extreme gluttony
voraciousness	n.	an excessive desire for wealth (usually in large amounts)
voracity	n.	excessive desire to eat
voracity	n.	extreme gluttony
vortex	n.	the shape of something rotating rapidly
vortex	n.	a powerful circular current of water (usually the result of conflicting tides)
votary	n.	one bound by vows to a religion or life of worship or service
votary	n.	a priest or priestess (or consecrated worshipper) in a non-Christian religion or cult
votary	n.	a devoted (almost religiously so) adherent of a cause or person or activity
vote	n.	a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of each alternative
vote	n.	the opinion of a group as determined by voting
vote	n.	a legal right guaranteed by the 15th amendment to the US Constitution; guaranteed to women by the 19th amendment
vote	n.	a body of voters who have the same interests
vote	n.	the total number of voters who participated
vote	v.	express one's preference for a candidate or for a measure or resolution; cast a vote
vote	v.	express one's choice or preference by vote
vote	v.	express a choice or opinion
vote	v.	be guided by in voting
vote	v.	bring into existence or make available by vote
voter	n.	a citizen who has a legal right to vote
vouch	v.	give personal assurance; guarantee
vouch	v.	give surety or assume responsibility
vouch	v.	summon (a vouchee) into court to warrant or defend a title
vouch	v.	give supporting evidence
voucher	n.	someone who vouches for another or for the correctness of a statement
voucher	n.	a document that serves as evidence of some expenditure
voucher	n.	a negotiable certificate that can be detached and redeemed as needed
vouchsafe	v.	grant in a condescending manner
vow	n.	a solemn pledge (to oneself or to another or to a deity) to do something or to behave in a certain manner
vow	v.	make a vow; promise
vow	v.	dedicate to a deity by a vow
vowel	n.	a speech sound made with the vocal tract open
vowel	n.	a letter of the alphabet standing for a spoken vowel
voyage	n.	an act of traveling by water
voyage	n.	a journey to some distant place
voyage	v.	travel on water propelled by wind or by other means
voyager	n.	a traveler to a distant land (especially one who travels by sea)
voyeur	n.	a viewer who enjoys seeing the sex acts or sex organs of others
voyeurism	n.	a perversion in which a person receives sexual gratification from seeing the genitalia of others or witnessing others' sexual behavior
voyeuristic	adj.	of or relating to voyeurs or voyeurism
vt	n.	a state in New England
vulcan	n.	(Roman mythology) god of fire and metal working; counterpart of Greek Hephaestus
vulcanization	n.	process of treating rubber or rubberlike materials with sulphur at great heat to improve elasticity and strength or to harden them
vulcanize	v.	undergo vulcanization
vulcanize	v.	subject to vulcanization
vulgar	adj.	lacking refinement or cultivation or taste
vulgar	adj.	of or associated with the great masses of people
vulgar	adj.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language
vulgar	adj.	conspicuously and tastelessly indecent
vulgarian	n.	a vulgar person (especially someone who makes a vulgar display of wealth)
vulgarism	n.	an offensive or indecent word or phrase
vulgarism	n.	the quality of lacking taste and refinement
vulgarity	n.	the quality of lacking taste and refinement
vulgarization	n.	the act of rendering something coarse and unrefined
vulgarization	n.	the act of making something attractive to the general public
vulgarize	v.	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use
vulgarize	v.	debase and make vulgar
vulgarize	v.	act in a vulgar manner
vulgarizer	n.	someone who makes something vulgar
vulgarizer	n.	someone who makes attractive to the general public
vulgate	n.	the Latin edition of the Bible translated from Hebrew and Greek mainly by St. Jerome at the end of the 4th century; as revised in 1592 it was adopted as the official text for the Roman Catholic Church
vulnerabilities	n.	the state of being vulnerable or exposed
vulnerabilities	n.	susceptibility to injury or attack
vulnerability	n.	the state of being vulnerable or exposed
vulnerability	n.	susceptibility to injury or attack
vulnerable	adj.	susceptible to attack
vulnerable	adj.	susceptible to criticism or persuasion or temptation
vulnerable	adj.	capable of being wounded or hurt
vulnerably	adv.	in a vulnerable manner
vulpine	adj.	resembling or characteristic of a fox
vulture	n.	any of various large diurnal birds of prey having naked heads and weak claws and feeding chiefly on carrion
vulture	n.	someone who attacks in search of booty
vulturous	adj.	living by preying on other animals especially by catching living prey
vulva	n.	external parts of the female genitalia
vulvae	n.	external parts of the female genitalia
vying	v.	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others
w	n.	a heavy grey-white metallic element; the pure form is used mainly in electrical applications; it is found in several ores including wolframite and scheelite
w	n.	the cardinal compass point that is a 270 degrees
w	n.	a unit of power equal to 1 joule per second; the power dissipated by a current of 1 ampere flowing across a resistance of 1 ohm
w	n.	the 23rd letter of the Roman alphabet
wa	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific
wabash	n.	a tributary of the Ohio River that rises in western Ohio and flows southwestward across Indiana
wac	n.	a member of the Women's Army Corps
wac	n.	an army corps that was organized in World War II but is no longer a separate branch of the United States Army
wacko	n.	a person who is regarded as eccentric or mad
wacky	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
wacky	adj.	informal or slang terms for mentally irregular
waco	n.	a city in east central Texas
wad	n.	a small mass of soft material
wad	n.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent
wad	n.	a wad of something chewable as tobacco
wad	v.	compress into a wad
wad	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
wadded	v.	compress into a wad
wadded	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
wadding	n.	any material used especially to protect something
wadding	v.	compress into a wad
wadding	v.	crowd or pack to capacity
waddle	n.	walking with short steps and the weight tilting from one foot to the other
waddle	v.	walk unsteadily
wade	n.	English tennis player who won many women's singles titles (born in 1945)
wade	v.	walk (through relatively shallow water)
wader	n.	any of many long-legged birds that wade in water in search of food
waders	n.	waterproof hip boots (sometimes extending to the chest) worn by anglers
waders	n.	any of many long-legged birds that wade in water in search of food
wadi	n.	gully or streambed in northern Africa and the Middle East that remains dry except during rainy season
wafer	n.	a small adhesive disk of paste; used to seal letters
wafer	n.	a small thin crisp cake or cookie
wafer	n.	thin disk of unleavened bread used in a religious service (especially in the celebration of the Eucharist)
waffle	n.	pancake batter baked in a waffle iron
waffle	v.	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
waffler	n.	someone who speaks or writes in a vague and evasive manner
waft	n.	a long flag; often tapering
waft	v.	be driven or carried along, as by the air
waft	v.	blow gently
wag	n.	a witty amusing person who makes jokes
wag	n.	causing to move repeatedly from side to side
wag	v.	move from side to side
wage	n.	something that remunerates
wage	v.	carry on (wars, battles, or campaigns)
waged	v.	carry on (wars, battles, or campaigns)
waged	v.	move from side to side
wager	n.	the act of gambling
wager	n.	the money risked on a gamble
wager	v.	stake on the outcome of an issue
wager	v.	maintain with or as if with a bet
wagerer	n.	someone who bets
wagged	v.	move from side to side
waggery	n.	waggish behavior
waggery	n.	a quaint and amusing jest
wagging	v.	move from side to side
waggish	adj.	witty or joking; - James Fenimore Cooper
waggishness	n.	waggish behavior
waggle	n.	causing to move repeatedly from side to side
waggle	v.	move from side to side
waggle	v.	move unsteadily or with a weaving or rolling motion
wagner	n.	Austrian architect and pioneer of modern architecture (1841-1918)
wagner	n.	German composer of operas and inventor of the musical drama in which drama and spectacle and music are fused (1813-1883)
wagner	n.	the music of Wagner
wagnerian	n.	a follower of the theories or an admirer of the music of Richard Wagner
wagnerian	adj.	of or relating to Richard Wagner or his music
wagon	n.	any of various kinds of wheeled vehicles drawn by an animal or a tractor
wagon	n.	van used by police to transport prisoners
wagon	n.	a group of seven bright stars in the constellation Ursa Major
wagon	n.	a child's four-wheeled toy cart sometimes used for coasting
wagon	n.	a car that has a long body and rear door with space behind rear seat
wagoner	n.	the driver of a wagon
wagtail	n.	Old World bird having a very long tail that jerks up and down as it walks
wahhabi	n.	a member of a strictly orthodox Sunni Muslim sect from Saudi Arabia; strives to purify Islamic beliefs and rejects any innovation occurring after the 3rd century of Islam
waif	n.	a homeless child especially one forsaken or orphaned
waikiki	n.	a well-known beach and resort area on Oahu Island to the southeast of Honolulu
wail	n.	a cry of sorrow and grief
wail	v.	emit long loud cries
wail	v.	cry weakly or softly
wailer	n.	a mourner who utters long loud high-pitched cries
wailing	n.	loud cries made while weeping
wailing	v.	emit long loud cries
wailing	v.	cry weakly or softly
wailing	adj.	vocally expressing grief or sorrow or resembling such expression; ; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
wain	n.	English writer (1925-1994)
wain	n.	a group of seven bright stars in the constellation Ursa Major
wain	n.	large open farm wagon
wainscot	n.	panel forming the lower part of an interior wall when it is finished differently from the rest of the wall
wainscot	n.	wooden panels that can be used to line the walls of a room
wainscoting	n.	a wainscoted wall (or wainscoted walls collectively)
wainscoting	n.	wooden panels that can be used to line the walls of a room
wainwright	n.	a wagon maker
waist	n.	the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips
waist	n.	the narrow part of the shoe connecting the heel and the wide part of the sole
waistband	n.	a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers
waistcoat	n.	a man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat
waistline	n.	the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips
wait	n.	time during which some action is awaited
wait	n.	the act of waiting (remaining inactive in one place while expecting something)
wait	v.	stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
wait	v.	wait before acting
wait	v.	look forward to the probable occurrence of
wait	v.	serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant
waite	n.	United States jurist who was appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1874 by President Grant (1816-1888)
waiter	n.	a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant)
waiter	n.	a person who waits or awaits
waiting	n.	the act of waiting (remaining inactive in one place while expecting something)
waiting	v.	stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
waiting	v.	wait before acting
waiting	v.	look forward to the probable occurrence of
waiting	v.	serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant
waiting	adj.	being and remaining ready and available for use
waitress	n.	a woman waiter
waitress	v.	serve as a waiter or waitress in a restaurant
waive	v.	do without or cease to hold or adhere to
waive	v.	lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime
waiver	n.	a formal written statement of relinquishment
wake	n.	the consequences of an event (especially a catastrophic event)
wake	n.	an island in the western Pacific between Guam and Hawaii
wake	n.	the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward
wake	n.	a vigil held over a corpse the night before burial
wake	v.	be awake, be alert, be there
wake	v.	stop sleeping
wake	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
wake	v.	make aware of
wake	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
wakeful	adj.	carefully observant or attentive; on the lookout for possible danger
wakeful	adj.	(of sleep) easily disturbed
wakeful	adj.	marked by full consciousness or alertness
wakefulness	n.	a periodic state during which you are conscious and aware of the world
wakefulness	n.	a temporary state in which you are unable (or unwilling) to sleep
wakefulness	n.	the process of paying close and continuous attention
waken	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
waken	v.	stop sleeping
waldheim	n.	Austrian diplomat who was Secretary General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981; in 1986 he was elected president of Austria in spite of worldwide allegations that he had direct knowledge of Nazi atrocities during World War II (born in 1918)
wale	n.	a raised mark on the skin (as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions
wale	n.	thick plank forming a ridge along the side of a wooden ship
wales	n.	one of the four countries that make up the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; during Roman times the region was known as Cambria
wales	n.	a raised mark on the skin (as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions
wales	n.	thick plank forming a ridge along the side of a wooden ship
walesa	n.	Polish labor leader and statesman (born in 1943)
walk	n.	the act of traveling by foot
walk	n.	(baseball) an advance to first base by a batter who receives four balls
walk	n.	manner of walking
walk	n.	the act of walking somewhere
walk	n.	a path set aside for walking
walk	n.	a slow gait of a horse in which two feet are always on the ground
walk	n.	careers in general
walk	v.	use one's feet to advance; advance by steps
walk	v.	accompany or escort
walk	v.	obtain a base on balls
walk	v.	traverse or cover by walking
walk	v.	give a base on balls to
walk	v.	live or behave in a specified manner
walk	v.	be or act in association with
walk	v.	walk at a pace
walk	v.	make walk
walk	v.	take a walk; go for a walk; walk for pleasure
walkabout	n.	a walking trip or tour
walkabout	n.	a public stroll by a celebrity to meet people informally
walkabout	n.	nomadic excursions into the bush made by an Aborigine
walkaway	n.	an easy victory
walker	n.	New Zealand runner who in 1975 became the first person to run a mile in less that 3 minutes and 50 seconds (born in 1952)
walker	n.	United States writer (born in 1944)
walker	n.	a person who travels by foot
walker	n.	a shoe designed for comfortable walking
walker	n.	a light enclosing framework (trade name Zimmer) with rubber castors or wheels and handles; helps invalids or the handicapped or the aged to walk
walker	n.	an enclosing framework on casters or wheels; helps babies learn to walk
walking	n.	the act of traveling by foot
walking	v.	use one's feet to advance; advance by steps
walking	v.	accompany or escort
walking	v.	obtain a base on balls
walking	v.	traverse or cover by walking
walking	v.	give a base on balls to
walking	v.	live or behave in a specified manner
walking	v.	be or act in association with
walking	v.	walk at a pace
walking	v.	make walk
walking	v.	take a walk; go for a walk; walk for pleasure
walking	adj.	close enough to be walked to
walkman	n.	(trademark) a pocket-sized stereo system with light weight earphones
walkout	n.	a strike in which the workers walk out
walkout	n.	the act of walking out (of a meeting or organization) as a sign of protest
walkover	n.	backbends combined with handstands
walkover	n.	any undertaking that is easy to do
walkway	n.	a path set aside for walking
wall	n.	an architectural partition with a height and length greater than its thickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure
wall	n.	anything that suggests a wall in structure or function or effect
wall	n.	(anatomy) a layer (a lining or membrane) that encloses a structure
wall	n.	a difficult or awkward situation
wall	n.	a vertical (or almost vertical) smooth rock face (as of a cave or mountain)
wall	n.	a layer of material that encloses space
wall	n.	a masonry fence (as around an estate or garden)
wall	n.	an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes
wall	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
wallaby	n.	any of various small or medium-sized kangaroos; often brightly colored
wallace	n.	Scottish insurgent who led the resistance to Edward I; in 1297 he gained control of Scotland briefly until Edward invaded Scotland again and defeated Wallace and subsequently executed him (1270-1305)
wallace	n.	English writer noted for his crime novels (1875-1932)
wallace	n.	English naturalist who formulated a concept of evolution that resembled Charles Darwin's (1823-1913)
wallah	n.	usually in combination: person in charge of or employed at a particular thing
wallahs	n.	usually in combination: person in charge of or employed at a particular thing
wallboard	n.	a wide flat board used to cover walls or partitions; made from plaster or wood pulp or other materials and used primarily to form the interior walls of houses
wallenstein	n.	Austrian general who fought for the Hapsburgs during the Thirty Years' War (1583-1634)
waller	n.	United States jazz musician (1904-1943)
wallet	n.	a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money
walleye	n.	strabismus in which one or both eyes are directed outward
walleye	n.	pike-like freshwater perches
wallflower	n.	any of numerous plants of the genus Erysimum having fragrant yellow or orange or brownish flowers
wallflower	n.	perennial of southern Europe having clusters of fragrant flowers of all colors especially yellow and orange; often naturalized on old walls or cliffs; sometimes placed in genus Erysimum
wallflower	n.	remains on sidelines at social event
walloon	n.	a member of the French-speaking people living in Belgium
walloon	n.	a dialect of French spoken in Belgium and adjacent parts of France
wallop	n.	a forceful consequence; a strong effect
wallop	n.	a severe blow
wallop	v.	hit hard
wallop	v.	defeat soundly and utterly
walloping	n.	a sound defeat
walloping	v.	hit hard
walloping	v.	defeat soundly and utterly
walloping	adj.	(used informally) very large
wallow	n.	a puddle where animals go to wallow
wallow	n.	an indolent or clumsy rolling about
wallow	v.	devote oneself entirely to something; indulge in to an immoderate degree, usually with pleasure
wallow	v.	roll around,
wallow	v.	rise up as if in waves
wallow	v.	be ecstatic with joy
wallow	v.	delight greatly in
wallpaper	n.	a decorative paper for the walls of rooms
wallpaper	v.	cover with wallpaper
walls	n.	an architectural partition with a height and length greater than its thickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure
walls	n.	anything that suggests a wall in structure or function or effect
walls	n.	(anatomy) a layer (a lining or membrane) that encloses a structure
walls	n.	a difficult or awkward situation
walls	n.	a vertical (or almost vertical) smooth rock face (as of a cave or mountain)
walls	n.	a layer of material that encloses space
walls	n.	a masonry fence (as around an estate or garden)
walls	n.	an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes
walls	v.	surround with a wall in order to fortify
wally	n.	a silly and inept person; someone who is regarded as stupid
walnut	n.	nut of any of various walnut trees having a wrinkled two-lobed seed with a hard shell
walnut	n.	hard dark-brown wood of any of various walnut trees; used especially for furniture and paneling
walnut	n.	any of various trees of the genus Juglans
walpole	n.	English writer and historian; son of Sir Robert Walpole (1717-1797)
walpole	n.	Englishman and Whig statesman who (under George I) was effectively the first British prime minister (1676-1745)
walrus	n.	either of two large northern marine mammals having ivory tusks and tough hide over thick blubber
walter	n.	German conductor (1876-1962)
walters	n.	German conductor (1876-1962)
walton	n.	English composer (1902-1983)
walton	n.	English writer remember for his treatise on fishing (1593-1683)
walton	n.	Irish physicist who (with Sir John Cockcroft in 1931) first split an atom (1903-1995)
waltz	n.	an assured victory (especially in an election)
waltz	n.	music composed in triple time for waltzing
waltz	n.	a ballroom dance in triple time with a strong accent on the first beat
waltz	v.	dance a waltz
waltzer	n.	a dancer who waltzes
wampum	n.	informal terms for money
wampum	n.	small cylindrical beads made from polished shells and fashioned into strings or belts; used by certain Native American peoples as jewelry or currency
wan	n.	a computer network that spans a wider area than does a local area network
wan	v.	become pale and sickly
wan	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
wan	adj.	abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress
wan	adj.	lacking vitality as from weariness or illness or unhappiness
wanamaker	n.	United States businessman whose business grew into one of the first department stores (1838-1922)
wand	n.	a rod used by a magician or water diviner
wand	n.	a thin supple twig or rod
wand	n.	a ceremonial or emblematic staff
wand	n.	a thin tapered rod used by a conductor to lead an orchestra or choir
wander	v.	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
wander	v.	be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage
wander	v.	go via an indirect route or at no set pace
wander	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
wander	v.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking
wanderer	n.	someone who leads a wandering unsettled life
wanderer	n.	a computer program that prowls the internet looking for publicly accessible resources that can be added to a database; the database can then be searched with a search engine
wanderings	n.	travelling about without any clear destination
wanderlust	n.	very strong or irresistible impulse to travel
wane	n.	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number)
wane	v.	grow smaller
wane	v.	become smaller
wane	v.	decrease in phase
wangle	n.	an instance of accomplishing something by scheming or trickery
wangle	v.	achieve something by means of trickery or devious methods
wangle	v.	tamper, with the purpose of deception
wangler	n.	a deceiver who uses crafty misleading methods
wank	n.	slang for masturbation
wank	v.	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
wannabe	n.	an ambitious and aspiring young person
wannabee	n.	an ambitious and aspiring young person
wanner	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
wanner	adj.	abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress
wanner	adj.	lacking vitality as from weariness or illness or unhappiness
wanness	n.	unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress)
wannest	adj.	(of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble
wannest	adj.	abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress
wannest	adj.	lacking vitality as from weariness or illness or unhappiness
want	n.	a state of extreme poverty
want	n.	the state of needing something that is absent or unavailable
want	n.	anything that is necessary but lacking
want	n.	a specific feeling of desire
want	v.	feel or have a desire for; want strongly
want	v.	have need of
want	v.	hunt or look for; want for a particular reason
want	v.	wish or demand the presence of
want	v.	be without, lack; be deficient in
wanted	v.	feel or have a desire for; want strongly
wanted	v.	have need of
wanted	v.	hunt or look for; want for a particular reason
wanted	v.	wish or demand the presence of
wanted	v.	be without, lack; be deficient in
wanted	adj.	desired or wished for or sought
wanted	adj.	characterized by feeling or showing fond affection for
wanton	n.	lewd or lascivious woman
wanton	v.	waste time; spend one's time idly or inefficiently
wanton	v.	indulge in a carefree or voluptuous way of life
wanton	v.	spend wastefully
wanton	v.	become extravagant; indulge (oneself) luxuriously
wanton	v.	engage in amorous play
wanton	v.	behave extremely cruelly and brutally
wanton	adj.	occurring without motivation or provocation; ; - F.D.Roosevelt
wanton	adj.	casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior
wantonness	n.	the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition or worry
wantonness	n.	the quality of being lewd and lascivious
wapiti	n.	large North American deer with large much-branched antlers in the male
wapiti	n.	common deer of temperate Europe and Asia
war	n.	the waging of armed conflict against an enemy
war	n.	a legal state created by a declaration of war and ended by official declaration during which the international rules of war apply
war	n.	an active struggle between competing entities
war	n.	a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious
war	v.	make or wage war
warble	n.	a lumpy abscess under the hide of domestic mammals caused by larvae of a botfly or warble fly
warble	v.	sing or play with trills, alternating with the half note above or below
warble	v.	sing by changing register; sing by yodeling
warbler	n.	a singer; usually a singer who adds embellishments to the song
warbler	n.	a small active songbird
ward	n.	a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another
ward	n.	a district into which a city or town is divided for the purpose of administration and elections
ward	n.	block forming a division of a hospital (or a suite of rooms) shared by patients who need a similar kind of care
ward	n.	English economist and conservationist (1914-1981)
ward	n.	English writer of novels who was an active opponent of the women's suffrage movement (1851-1920)
ward	n.	United States businessman who in 1872 established a successful mail-order business (1843-1913)
ward	n.	a division of a prison (usually consisting of several cells)
ward	v.	watch over or shield from danger or harm; protect
warden	n.	the chief official in charge of a prison
warder	n.	a person who works in a prison and is in charge of prisoners
wardress	n.	a woman warder
wardrobe	n.	a tall piece of furniture that provides storage space for clothes; has a door and rails or hooks for hanging clothes
wardrobe	n.	collection of clothing belonging to one person
wardrobe	n.	collection of costumes belonging to a theatrical company
wardroom	n.	military quarters for dining and recreation for officers of a warship (except the captain)
ware	n.	articles of the same kind or material; usually used in combination: `silverware', `software'
ware	n.	commodities offered for sale
ware	v.	spend extravagantly
warehouse	n.	a storehouse for goods and merchandise
warehouse	v.	store in a warehouse
warfare	n.	the waging of armed conflict against an enemy
warfare	n.	an active struggle between competing entities
warfarin	n.	an anticoagulant (trade name Coumadin) use to prevent and treat a thrombus or embolus
warhead	n.	the front part of a guided missile or rocket or torpedo that carries the nuclear or explosive charge or the chemical or biological agents
warhol	n.	United States artist who was a leader of the Pop Art movement (1930-1987)
warhorse	n.	a work of art (composition or drama) that is part of the standard repertory but has become hackneyed from much repetition
warhorse	n.	an experienced person who has been through many battles; someone who has given long service
warhorse	n.	horse used in war
warily	adv.	in a wary manner
wariness	n.	the trait of being cautious and watchful
waring	v.	spend extravagantly
waring	v.	make or wage war
warlike	adj.	disposed to warfare or hard-line policies
warlike	adj.	suggesting war or military life
warlock	n.	a male witch or demon
warlord	n.	supreme military leader exercising civil power in a region especially one accountable to nobody when the central government is weak
warm	v.	get warm or warmer
warm	v.	make warm or warmer
warm	adj.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat
warm	adj.	psychologically warm; friendly and responsive
warm	adj.	(color) inducing the impression of warmth; used especially of reds and oranges and yellows
warm	adj.	having or displaying warmth or affection
warm	adj.	freshly made or left
warm	adj.	easily aroused or excited
warm	adj.	characterized by strong enthusiasm
warm	adj.	characterized by liveliness or excitement or disagreement
warm	adj.	uncomfortable because of possible danger or trouble
warm	adj.	of a seeker; near to the object sought
warm	adv.	in a warm manner
warmer	n.	device that heats water or supplies warmth to a room
warmer	adj.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat
warmer	adj.	psychologically warm; friendly and responsive
warmer	adj.	(color) inducing the impression of warmth; used especially of reds and oranges and yellows
warmer	adj.	having or displaying warmth or affection
warmer	adj.	freshly made or left
warmer	adj.	easily aroused or excited
warmer	adj.	characterized by strong enthusiasm
warmer	adj.	characterized by liveliness or excitement or disagreement
warmer	adj.	uncomfortable because of possible danger or trouble
warmer	adj.	of a seeker; near to the object sought
warmhearted	adj.	marked by warmth of feeling like kindness and sympathy and generosity
warmheartedness	n.	a warmhearted feeling
warmheartedness	n.	a positive feeling of liking
warmness	n.	a positive feeling of liking
warmness	n.	the quality of having a moderate degree of heat
warmonger	n.	a person who advocates war or warlike policies
warmongering	n.	a policy of advocating war
warmth	n.	the sensation caused by heat energy
warmth	n.	a warmhearted feeling
warmth	n.	the quality of having a moderate degree of heat
warmth	n.	the trait of being intensely emotional
warmth	n.	a quality proceeding from feelings of affection or love
warn	v.	notify of danger, potential harm, or risk
warn	v.	admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
warn	v.	ask to go away
warn	v.	notify, usually in advance
warner	n.	United States filmmaker who with his brothers founded the movie studio that produced the first talking picture (1881-1958)
warner	n.	someone who gives a warning to others
warning	n.	a message informing of danger
warning	n.	cautionary advice about something imminent (especially imminent danger or other unpleasantness)
warning	n.	notification of something, usually in advance
warning	v.	notify of danger, potential harm, or risk
warning	v.	admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior
warning	v.	ask to go away
warning	v.	notify, usually in advance
warning	adj.	serving to warn
warp	n.	a twist or aberration; especially a perverse or abnormal way of judging or acting
warp	n.	a shape distorted by twisting or folding
warp	n.	a moral or mental distortion
warp	n.	yarn arranged lengthways on a loom and crossed by the woof
warp	v.	make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story
warp	v.	bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat
warpath	n.	hostile or belligerent mood
warpath	n.	a course leading to warfare or battle
warpaths	n.	hostile or belligerent mood
warpaths	n.	a course leading to warfare or battle
warplane	n.	an aircraft designed and used for combat
warrant	n.	a writ from a court commanding police to perform specified acts
warrant	n.	a type of security issued by a corporation (usually together with a bond or preferred stock) that gives the holder the right to purchase a certain amount of common stock at a stated price
warrant	n.	formal and explicit approval
warrant	n.	a written assurance that some product or service will be provided or will meet certain specifications
warrant	v.	show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for
warrant	v.	stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of
warranted	v.	show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for
warranted	v.	stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of
warranty	n.	a written assurance that some product or service will be provided or will meet certain specifications
warred	v.	make or wage war
warren	n.	United States writer and poet (1905-1989)
warren	n.	United States jurist who served as chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1891-1974)
warren	n.	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits
warren	n.	an overcrowded residential area
warren	n.	a colony of rabbits
warring	v.	make or wage war
warring	adj.	engaged in war
warrior	n.	someone engaged in or experienced in warfare
warsaw	n.	the capital and largest city of Poland; located in central Poland
warship	n.	a government ship that is available for waging war
wart	n.	any small rounded protuberance (as on certain plants or animals)
wart	n.	an imperfection in someone or something that is suggestive of a wart (especially in smallness or unattractiveness)
wart	n.	(pathology) a firm abnormal elevated blemish on the skin; caused by a virus
warthog	n.	African wild swine with warty protuberances on the face and large protruding tusks
wartime	n.	a period of time during which there is armed conflict
warty	adj.	(of skin) covered with warts or projections that resemble warts
warwick	n.	English statesman; during the War of the Roses he fought first for the house of York and secured the throne for Edward IV and then changed sides to fight for the house of Lancaster and secured the throne for Henry VI (1428-1471)
wary	adj.	marked by keen caution and watchful prudence
wary	adj.	openly distrustful and unwilling to confide
was	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific
was	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
was	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
was	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
was	v.	have an existence, be extant
was	v.	happen, occur, take place
was	v.	be identical or equivalent to
was	v.	form or compose
was	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
was	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
was	v.	spend or use time
was	v.	have life, be alive
was	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
was	v.	be priced at
wasabi	n.	a Japanese plant of the family Cruciferae with a thick green root
wasabi	n.	the thick green root of the wasabi plant that the Japanese use in cooking and that tastes like strong horseradish; in powder or paste form it is often eaten with raw fish
wash	n.	a thin coat of water-base paint
wash	n.	the work of cleansing (usually with soap and water)
wash	n.	the dry bed of an intermittent stream (as at the bottom of a canyon)
wash	n.	the erosive process of washing away soil or gravel by water (as from a roadway)
wash	n.	the flow of air that is driven backwards by an aircraft propeller
wash	n.	a watercolor made by applying a series of monochrome washes one over the other
wash	n.	garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering
wash	n.	any enterprise in which losses and gains cancel out
wash	v.	clean with some chemical process
wash	v.	cleanse (one's body) with soap and water
wash	v.	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water
wash	v.	move by or as if by water
wash	v.	be capable of being washed
wash	v.	admit to testing or proof
wash	v.	separate dirt or gravel from (precious minerals)
wash	v.	apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to
wash	v.	remove by the application of water or other liquid and soap or some other cleaning agent
wash	v.	form by erosion
wash	v.	make moist
wash	v.	wash or flow against
wash	v.	to cleanse (itself or another animal) by licking
washable	adj.	capable of being washed without injury
washbasin	n.	a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face
washbasin	n.	a basin for washing the hands (`wash-hand basin' is a British expression)
washboard	n.	device consisting of a corrugated surface to scrub clothes on
washboard	n.	protective covering consisting of a broad plank along a gunwale to keep water from splashing over the side
washbowl	n.	a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face
washbowl	n.	a basin for washing the hands (`wash-hand basin' is a British expression)
washcloth	n.	bath linen consisting of a piece of cloth used to wash the face and body
washcloths	n.	bath linen consisting of a piece of cloth used to wash the face and body
washed	v.	clean with some chemical process
washed	v.	cleanse (one's body) with soap and water
washed	v.	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water
washed	v.	move by or as if by water
washed	v.	be capable of being washed
washed	v.	admit to testing or proof
washed	v.	separate dirt or gravel from (precious minerals)
washed	v.	apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to
washed	v.	remove by the application of water or other liquid and soap or some other cleaning agent
washed	v.	form by erosion
washed	v.	make moist
washed	v.	wash or flow against
washed	v.	to cleanse (itself or another animal) by licking
washed	adj.	clean by virtue of having been washed in water
washed	adj.	wet as from washing; sometimes used in combination
washer	n.	someone who washes things for a living
washer	n.	seal consisting of a flat disk placed to prevent leakage
washer	n.	a home appliance for washing clothes and linens automatically
washerwoman	n.	a working woman who takes in washing
washerwomen	n.	a working woman who takes in washing
washing	n.	the work of cleansing (usually with soap and water)
washing	n.	garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering
washing	v.	clean with some chemical process
washing	v.	cleanse (one's body) with soap and water
washing	v.	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water
washing	v.	move by or as if by water
washing	v.	be capable of being washed
washing	v.	admit to testing or proof
washing	v.	separate dirt or gravel from (precious minerals)
washing	v.	apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to
washing	v.	remove by the application of water or other liquid and soap or some other cleaning agent
washing	v.	form by erosion
washing	v.	make moist
washing	v.	wash or flow against
washing	v.	to cleanse (itself or another animal) by licking
washington	n.	the capital of the United States in the District of Columbia and a tourist mecca; George Washington commissioned Charles L'Enfant to lay out the city in 1791
washington	n.	a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific
washington	n.	the federal government of the United States
washington	n.	1st President of the United States; commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolution (1732-1799)
washington	n.	United States educator who was born a slave but became educated and founded a college at Tuskegee in Alabama (1856-1915)
washingtonian	n.	a native or resident of the city of Washington
washingtonian	n.	a native or resident of the state of Washington
washingtonian	adj.	of or relating to or in the manner of George Washington
washingtonian	adj.	of or relating to the people who run the federal government
washingtonian	adj.	of or relating to the capital of the United States
washingtonian	adj.	of or relating to or in the state of Washington
washout	n.	the channel or break produced by erosion of relatively soft soil by water
washout	n.	the erosive process of washing away soil or gravel by water (as from a roadway)
washout	n.	someone who is unsuccessful
washrag	n.	bath linen consisting of a piece of cloth used to wash the face and body
washroom	n.	a lavatory (particularly a lavatory in a public place)
washstand	n.	furniture consisting of a table or stand to hold a basin and pitcher of water for washing: `wash-hand stand' is a British term
washstand	n.	a bathroom sink that is permanently installed and connected to a water supply and drainpipe; where you can wash your hands and face
washtub	n.	a tub in which clothes or linens can be washed
washy	adj.	overly diluted; thin and insipid
washy	adj.	having lost freshness or brilliance of color
wasp	n.	a white person of Anglo-Saxon ancestry who belongs to a Protestant denomination
wasp	n.	social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with the abdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting
waspish	adj.	very irritable
wassail	n.	a punch made of sweetened ale or wine heated with spices and roasted apples; especially at Christmas
wassail	v.	celebrate noisily, often indulging in drinking; engage in uproarious festivities
wassail	v.	propose a toast to
wassermann	n.	German bacteriologist who developed a diagnostic test for syphilis (1866-1925)
wassermann	n.	a blood test to detect syphilis; a complement fixation test is used to detect antibodies to the syphilis organism treponema; a positive reaction indicates the presence of antibodies and therefore syphilis infection
wastage	n.	the process of wasting
wastage	n.	anything lost by wear or waste
waste	n.	any materials unused and rejected as worthless or unwanted
waste	n.	useless or profitless activity; using or expending or consuming thoughtlessly or carelessly
waste	n.	the trait of wasting resources
waste	n.	an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation
waste	n.	(law) reduction in the value of an estate caused by act or neglect
waste	v.	spend thoughtlessly; throw away
waste	v.	use inefficiently or inappropriately
waste	v.	get rid of
waste	v.	run off as waste
waste	v.	get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing
waste	v.	spend extravagantly
waste	v.	lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief
waste	v.	cause to grow thin or weak
waste	v.	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
waste	v.	become physically weaker
waste	adj.	located in a dismal or remote area; desolate
wastebasket	n.	a container with an open top; for discarded paper and other rubbish
wasteful	adj.	inefficient in use of time and effort and materials
wasteful	adj.	tending to squander and waste
wasteful	adj.	laying waste; - Shakespeare
wastefulness	n.	the trait of wasting resources
wastefulness	n.	useless or profitless activity; using or expending or consuming thoughtlessly or carelessly
wasteland	n.	an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation
waster	n.	someone who dissipates resources self-indulgently
waster	n.	a person who destroys or ruins or lays waste to
wastewater	n.	water mixed with waste matter
wastrel	n.	someone who dissipates resources self-indulgently
watch	n.	a small portable timepiece
watch	n.	a period of time (4 or 2 hours) during which some of a ship's crew are on duty
watch	n.	a purposeful surveillance to guard or observe
watch	n.	the period during which someone (especially a guard) is on duty
watch	n.	a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event
watch	n.	the rite of staying awake for devotional purposes (especially on the eve of a religious festival)
watch	v.	look attentively
watch	v.	follow with the eyes or the mind
watch	v.	see or watch
watch	v.	observe with attention
watch	v.	be vigilant, be on the lookout or be careful
watch	v.	observe or determine by looking
watch	v.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort
watchband	n.	a band of cloth or leather or metal links attached to a wristwatch and wrapped around the wrist
watchdog	n.	a guardian or defender against theft or illegal practices or waste
watchdog	n.	a dog trained to guard property
watcher	n.	a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibition of some kind)
watcher	n.	a guard who keeps watch
watcher	n.	a person who keeps a devotional vigil by a sick bed or by a dead body
watchful	adj.	engaged in or accustomed to close observation
watchful	adj.	experiencing or accompanied by sleeplessness; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
watchfulness	n.	the process of paying close and continuous attention
watchfulness	n.	vigilant attentiveness
watchmaker	n.	someone who makes or repairs watches
watchman	n.	a guard who keeps watch
watchmen	n.	a guard who keeps watch
watchstrap	n.	a band of cloth or leather or metal links attached to a wristwatch and wrapped around the wrist
watchtower	n.	an observation tower for a lookout to watch over prisoners or watch for fires or enemies
watchword	n.	a slogan used to rally support for a cause
watchword	n.	a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group
water	n.	binary compound that occurs at room temperature as a clear colorless odorless tasteless liquid; freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade and boils above 100 degrees centigrade; widely used as a solvent
water	n.	the part of the earth's surface covered with water (such as a river or lake or ocean)
water	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
water	n.	a facility that provides a source of water
water	n.	liquid excretory product
water	n.	a liquid necessary for the life of most animals and plants
water	v.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams
water	v.	provide with water
water	v.	secrete or form water, as tears or saliva
water	v.	fill with tears
waterbird	n.	freshwater aquatic bird
waterborne	adj.	transported by water
waterborne	adj.	supported by water
waterbury	n.	a city in west central Connecticut
watercolor	n.	a painting produced with watercolors
watercolor	n.	a water-base paint (with water-soluble pigments); used by artists
watercolor	n.	water-soluble pigment
watercolor	n.	the art or technique of painting with watercolors
watercolor	v.	paint with watercolors
watercourse	n.	natural or artificial channel through which water flows
watercourse	n.	a natural body of running water flowing on or under the earth
watercourse	n.	a conduit through which water flows
watercraft	n.	skill in the management of boats
watercraft	n.	a craft designed for water transportation
watercress	n.	any of several water-loving cresses
watercress	n.	cresses that grow in clear ponds and streams
watercress	adj.	of a moderate yellow-green color that is greener and deeper than moss green and yellower and darker than pea green
waterfall	n.	a steep descent of the water of a river
waterford	n.	a port city in southern Ireland; famous for glass industry
waterfowl	n.	freshwater aquatic bird
waterfront	n.	the area of a city (such as a harbor or dockyard) alongside a body of water
watergate	n.	a political scandal involving abuse of power and bribery and obstruction of justice; led to the resignation of Richard Nixon in 1974
wateriness	n.	the wetness of ground that is covered or soaked with water
wateriness	n.	meagerness or poorness connoted by a superfluity of water (in a literary style as well as in a food)
wateriness	n.	the property of resembling the viscosity of water
waterline	n.	a line corresponding to the surface of the water when the vessel is afloat on an even keel; often painted on the hull of a ship
waterlogged	adj.	(of soil) soft and watery
waterloo	n.	a town in central Belgium where in 1815 Napoleon met his final defeat
waterloo	n.	a final crushing defeat
waterloo	n.	the battle on 18 June 1815 in which Prussian and British forces under Blucher and the Duke of Wellington routed the French forces under Napoleon
watermark	n.	a line marking the level reached by a body of water
watermark	n.	a distinguishing mark impressed on paper during manufacture; visible when paper is held up to the light
watermelon	n.	an African melon
watermelon	n.	large oblong or roundish melon with a hard green rind and sweet watery red or occasionally yellowish pulp
waterproof	n.	any fabric impervious to water
waterproof	n.	a water-resistant coat
waterproof	v.	make watertight
waterproof	adj.	not permitting the passage of water
waterproofing	n.	the act of treating something to make it repel water
waterproofing	n.	a coating capable of making a surface waterproof
waterproofing	v.	make watertight
waters	n.	United States actress and singer (1896-1977)
waters	n.	the serous fluid in which the embryo is suspended inside the amnion
waters	n.	binary compound that occurs at room temperature as a clear colorless odorless tasteless liquid; freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade and boils above 100 degrees centigrade; widely used as a solvent
waters	n.	the part of the earth's surface covered with water (such as a river or lake or ocean)
waters	n.	once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles)
waters	n.	a facility that provides a source of water
waters	n.	liquid excretory product
waters	n.	a liquid necessary for the life of most animals and plants
waters	v.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams
waters	v.	provide with water
waters	v.	secrete or form water, as tears or saliva
waters	v.	fill with tears
watershed	n.	a ridge of land that separates two adjacent river systems
watershed	n.	the entire geographical area drained by a river and its tributaries; an area characterized by all runoff being conveyed to the same outlet
watershed	n.	an event marking a unique or important historical change of course or one on which important developments depend
waterside	n.	land bordering a body of water
waterspout	n.	a tornado passing over water and picking up a column of water and mist
waterspout	n.	a heavy rain
waterspout	n.	a channel through which water is discharged (especially one used for drainage from the gutters of a roof)
watertight	adj.	not allowing water to pass in or out
watertight	adj.	without flaws or loopholes
watertown	n.	a town in southeastern Wisconsin
watertown	n.	a town in northern New York
waterway	n.	a navigable body of water
waterway	n.	a conduit through which water flows
waterwheel	n.	a wheel with buckets attached to its rim; raises water from a stream or pond
waterwheel	n.	a wheel that rotates by direct action of water; a simple turbine
waterworks	n.	a public utility that provides water
waterworks	n.	workplace where water is stored and purified and distributed for a community
watery	adj.	filled with water
watery	adj.	wet with secreted or exuded moisture such as sweat or tears
watery	adj.	relating to or resembling or consisting of water
watery	adj.	overly diluted; thin and insipid
wats	n.	a telephone line;long distance service at fixed rates for fixed zones; an acronym for wide area telephone service
watson	n.	United States telephone engineer who assisted Alexander Graham Bell in his experiments (1854-1934)
watson	n.	United States psychologist considered the founder of behavioristic psychology (1878-1958)
watson	n.	United States geneticist who (with Crick in 1953) helped discover the helical structure of DNA (born in 1928)
watt	n.	a unit of power equal to 1 joule per second; the power dissipated by a current of 1 ampere flowing across a resistance of 1 ohm
watt	n.	Scottish engineer and inventor whose improvements in the steam engine led to its wide use in industry (1736-1819)
wattage	n.	the product of voltage and current
watteau	n.	French painter (1684-1721)
wattle	n.	a fleshy wrinkled and often brightly colored fold of skin hanging from the neck or throat of certain birds (chickens and turkeys) or lizards
wattle	n.	framework consisting of stakes interwoven with branches to form a fence
wattle	n.	any of various Australasian trees yielding slender poles suitable for wattle
wattle	v.	build of or with wattle
wattle	v.	interlace to form wattle
watts	n.	English poet and theologian (1674-1748)
watts	n.	a unit of power equal to 1 joule per second; the power dissipated by a current of 1 ampere flowing across a resistance of 1 ohm
watts	n.	Scottish engineer and inventor whose improvements in the steam engine led to its wide use in industry (1736-1819)
watusi	n.	a member of a Bantu speaking people living in Rwanda and Burundi
waugh	n.	English author of satirical novels (1903-1966)
wausau	n.	a town in north central Wisconsin
wave	n.	one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especially across a large body of water)
wave	n.	a movement like that of a sudden occurrence or increase in a specified phenomenon
wave	n.	(physics) a movement up and down or back and forth
wave	n.	something that rises rapidly
wave	n.	the act of signaling by a movement of the hand
wave	n.	a hairdo that creates undulations in the hair
wave	n.	an undulating curve
wave	n.	a persistent and widespread unusual weather condition (especially of unusual temperatures)
wave	n.	a member of the women's reserve of the United States Navy; originally organized during World War II but now no longer a separate branch
wave	v.	signal with the hands or nod
wave	v.	move or swing back and forth
wave	v.	move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion
wave	v.	twist or roll into coils or ringlets
wave	v.	set waves in
waveband	n.	a band of adjacent radio frequencies (e.g., assigned for transmitting radio or television signals)
waveform	n.	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time
wavefront	n.	(physics) an imaginary surface joining all points in space that are reached at the same instant by a wave propagating through a medium
wavelength	n.	the distance (measured in the direction of propagation) between two points in the same phase in consecutive cycles of a wave
wavelength	n.	a shared orientation leading to mutual understanding
wavelengths	n.	the distance (measured in the direction of propagation) between two points in the same phase in consecutive cycles of a wave
wavelengths	n.	a shared orientation leading to mutual understanding
wavelet	n.	a small wave on the surface of a liquid
wavelike	adj.	uneven by virtue of having wrinkles or waves
waver	n.	someone who communicates by waving
waver	n.	the act of pausing uncertainly
waver	n.	the act of moving back and forth
waver	v.	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
waver	v.	be unsure or weak
waver	v.	move hesitatingly, as if about to give way
waver	v.	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern
waver	v.	move back and forth very rapidly
waver	v.	sway to and fro
waver	v.	give off unsteady sounds, alternating in amplitude or frequency
waverer	n.	one who hesitates (usually out of fear)
wavering	n.	indecision in speech or action
wavering	n.	the quality of being unsteady and subject to changes
wavering	v.	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
wavering	v.	be unsure or weak
wavering	v.	move hesitatingly, as if about to give way
wavering	v.	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern
wavering	v.	move back and forth very rapidly
wavering	v.	sway to and fro
wavering	v.	give off unsteady sounds, alternating in amplitude or frequency
wavering	adj.	uncertain in purpose or action
waviness	n.	(of hair) a tendency to curl
waviness	n.	unevenness produced by waves or wrinkles
wavy	adj.	(of hair) having waves
wavy	adj.	uneven by virtue of having wrinkles or waves
wax	n.	any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; they are solid at normal temperatures and insoluble in water
wax	v.	cover with wax
wax	v.	go up or advance
wax	v.	increase in phase
waxiness	n.	the quality of being made of wax or covered with wax
waxwing	n.	brown velvety-plumaged songbirds of the northern hemisphere having crested heads and red waxy wing tips
waxwork	n.	twining shrub of North America having yellow capsules enclosing scarlet seeds
waxwork	n.	an effigy (usually of a famous person) made of wax
waxy	adj.	made of or covered with wax
waxy	adj.	easily impressed or influenced
waxy	adj.	capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking
waxy	adj.	having the paleness of wax; - Bram Stoker
way	n.	how something is done or how it happens
way	n.	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved
way	n.	a line leading to a place or point
way	n.	the condition of things generally
way	n.	a course of conduct
way	n.	any artifact consisting of a road or path affording passage from one place to another
way	n.	a journey or passage
way	n.	space for movement
way	n.	the property of distance in general
way	n.	doing as one pleases or chooses
way	n.	a general category of things; used in the expression `in the way of'
way	n.	a portion of something divided into shares
way	adv.	to a great degree or by a great distance; very much (`right smart' is regional in the United States)
waybill	n.	a receipt given by the carrier to the shipper acknowledging receipt of the goods being shipped and specifying the terms of delivery
wayfarer	n.	a pedestrian who walks from place to place
wayfarer	n.	a traveler going on a trip
wayfaring	n.	traveling (especially on foot)
wayfaring	adj.	traveling especially on foot
waylaid	v.	wait in hiding to attack
waylay	v.	wait in hiding to attack
wayne	n.	United States film actor who played tough heroes (1907-1979)
wayne	n.	American general during the American Revolution (1745-1796)
wayside	n.	edge of a way or road or path
wayward	adj.	resistant to guidance or discipline
weak	adj.	wanting in physical strength
weak	adj.	overly diluted; thin and insipid
weak	adj.	(used of vowels or syllables) pronounced with little or no stress
weak	adj.	wanting in moral strength, courage, or will; having the attributes of man as opposed to e.g. divine beings
weak	adj.	tending downward in price
weak	adj.	deficient or lacking in some skill
weak	adj.	lacking bodily or muscular strength or vitality
weak	adj.	(used of verbs) having standard (or regular) inflection
weak	adj.	not having authority, political strength, or governing power
weak	adj.	deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible; lacking clarity or brightness or loudness etc
weak	adj.	likely to fail under stress or pressure
weak	adj.	deficient in intelligence or mental power
weaken	v.	lessen the strength of
weaken	v.	become weaker
weaken	v.	destroy property or hinder normal operations
weaken	v.	reduce the level or intensity or size or scope of
weaken	v.	lessen in force or effect
weakener	n.	that which weakens or causes a loss of strength
weakfish	n.	lean flesh of food and game fishes of the Atlantic coast of the United States
weakfish	n.	food and game fish of North American coastal waters with a mouth from which hooks easily tear out
weakling	n.	a person who is physically weak and ineffectual
weakness	n.	a flaw or weak point
weakness	n.	powerlessness revealed by an inability to act
weakness	n.	the property of lacking physical or mental strength; liability to failure under pressure or stress or strain
weakness	n.	the condition of being financially weak
weakness	n.	a penchant for something even though it might not be good for you
weal	n.	a raised mark on the skin (as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions
wealth	n.	the state of being rich and affluent; having a plentiful supply of material goods and money
wealth	n.	the quality of profuse abundance
wealth	n.	an abundance of material possessions and resources
wealth	n.	property that has economic utility: a monetary value or an exchange value
wealthiness	n.	the state of being rich and affluent; having a plentiful supply of material goods and money
wealthy	adj.	having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value
wean	v.	gradually deprive (infants and young mammals) of mother's milk
wean	v.	detach the affections of
weapon	n.	any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting
weapon	n.	a means of persuading or arguing
weaponize	v.	make into or use as a weapon or a potential weapon
weaponless	adj.	without a weapon
weaponry	n.	weapons considered collectively
wear	n.	impairment resulting from long use
wear	n.	a covering designed to be worn on a person's body
wear	n.	the act of having on your person as a covering or adornment
wear	v.	be dressed in
wear	v.	have on one's person
wear	v.	have in one's aspect; wear an expression of one's attitude or personality
wear	v.	deteriorate through use or stress
wear	v.	have or show an appearance of
wear	v.	last and be usable
wear	v.	go to pieces
wear	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
wear	v.	put clothing on one's body
wearable	n.	a covering designed to be worn on a person's body
wearable	adj.	suitable for wear or able to be worn
wearer	n.	a person who wears or carries or displays something as a body covering or accessory
wearied	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
wearied	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
wearied	adj.	exhausted; - William Styron
wearily	adv.	in a weary manner
weariness	n.	temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental work
wearisome	adj.	so lacking in interest as to cause mental weariness; ; ; ; ; ; - Edmund Burke; ; - Mark Twain
weary	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
weary	v.	lose interest or become bored with something or somebody
weary	adj.	physically and mentally fatigued
weasel	n.	a person who is regarded as treacherous or sneaky
weasel	n.	small carnivorous mammal with short legs and elongated body and neck
weather	n.	the atmospheric conditions that comprise the state of the atmosphere in terms of temperature and wind and clouds and precipitation
weather	v.	face and withstand with courage
weather	v.	cause to slope
weather	v.	sail to the windward of
weather	v.	change under the action or influence of the weather
weather	adj.	towards the side exposed to wind
weatherboard	n.	a long thin board with one edge thicker than the other; used as siding by lapping one board over the board below
weatherboard	n.	the side toward the wind
weathercock	n.	weathervane with a vane in the form of a rooster
weathering	v.	face and withstand with courage
weathering	v.	cause to slope
weathering	v.	sail to the windward of
weathering	v.	change under the action or influence of the weather
weatherman	n.	predicts the weather
weathermen	n.	predicts the weather
weatherproof	v.	make resistant to bad weather
weatherproof	adj.	able to withstand exposure to weather without damage
weatherstrip	n.	a narrow strip of material to cover the joint of a door or window to exclude the cold
weatherstrip	v.	provide with weatherstripping
weatherstripped	v.	provide with weatherstripping
weatherstripping	n.	a narrow strip of material to cover the joint of a door or window to exclude the cold
weatherstripping	v.	provide with weatherstripping
weave	n.	pattern of weaving or structure of a fabric
weave	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
weave	v.	create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton
weave	v.	sway to and fro
weave	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
weaver	n.	a craftsman who weaves cloth
weaver	n.	finch-like African and Asian colonial birds noted for their elaborately woven nests
weaving	n.	creating fabric
weaving	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
weaving	v.	create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton
weaving	v.	sway to and fro
weaving	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
web	n.	an intricate network suggesting something that was formed by weaving or interweaving
web	n.	an intricate trap that entangles or ensnares its victim
web	n.	the flattened weblike part of a feather consisting of a series of barbs on either side of the shaft
web	n.	an interconnected system of things or people
web	n.	computer network consisting of a collection of internet sites that offer text and graphics and sound and animation resources through the hypertext transfer protocol
web	n.	a fabric (especially a fabric in the process of being woven)
web	n.	membrane connecting the toes of some aquatic birds and mammals
web	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
webb	n.	English writer and a central member of the Fabian Society (1858-1943)
webb	n.	English sociologist and economist and a central member of the Fabian Society (1859-1947)
webbed	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
webbed	adj.	(of the feet of some animals) having the digits connected by a thin fold of skin
webbed	adj.	having open interstices or resembling a web
webbing	n.	something forming a web (as between the toes of birds)
webbing	n.	a narrow closely woven tape; used in upholstery or for seat belts
webbing	n.	a strong fabric woven in strips
webbing	v.	construct or form a web, as if by weaving
webcam	n.	a digital camera designed to take digital photographs and transmit them over the internet
weber	n.	a unit of magnetic flux equal to 100,000,000 maxwells
weber	n.	German physicist and brother of E. H. Weber; noted for his studies of terrestrial magnetism (1804-1891)
weber	n.	United States abstract painter (born in Russia) (1881-1961)
weber	n.	German sociologist and pioneer of the analytic method in sociology (1864-1920)
weber	n.	German conductor and composer of romantic operas (1786-1826)
weber	n.	German physiologist who studied sensory responses to stimuli and is considered the father of psychophysics (1795-1878)
webfoot	n.	a foot having the toes connected by folds of skin
webmaster	n.	a technician who designs or maintains a website
website	n.	a computer connected to the internet that maintains a series of web pages on the World Wide Web
webster	n.	English playwright (1580-1625)
webster	n.	United States politician and orator (1782-1817)
webster	n.	United States lexicographer (1758-1843)
wed	n.	the fourth day of the week; the third working day
wed	v.	take in marriage
wed	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
wed	adj.	having been taken in marriage
wedded	v.	take in marriage
wedded	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
wedded	adj.	having been taken in marriage
wedding	n.	the social event at which the ceremony of marriage is performed
wedding	n.	the act of marrying; the nuptial ceremony
wedding	n.	a party of people at a wedding
wedding	v.	take in marriage
wedding	v.	perform a marriage ceremony
wedge	n.	any shape that is triangular in cross section
wedge	n.	a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States
wedge	n.	a diacritical mark (an inverted circumflex) placed above certain letters (such as the letter c) to indicate pronunciation
wedge	n.	a heel that is an extension of the sole of the shoe
wedge	n.	(golf) an iron with considerable loft and a broad sole
wedge	n.	something solid that is usable as an inclined plane (shaped like a V) that can be pushed between two things to separate them
wedge	n.	a block of wood used to prevent the sliding or rolling of a heavy object
wedge	v.	put, fix, force, or implant
wedge	v.	squeeze like a wedge into a tight space
wedgie	n.	a shoe with a wedge heel
wedgwood	n.	English potter (1730-1795)
wedgwood	n.	a type of pottery made by Josiah Wedgwood and his successors; typically has a classical decoration in white on a blue background
wedlock	n.	the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce)
wednesday	n.	the fourth day of the week; the third working day
wee	n.	a short time
wee	v.	eliminate urine
wee	adj.	(used informally) very small
wee	adj.	very early
weed	n.	any plant that crowds out cultivated plants
weed	n.	a black band worn by a man (on the arm or hat) as a sign of mourning
weed	n.	street names for marijuana
weed	v.	clear of weeds
weeder	n.	a farmhand hired to remove weeds
weeder	n.	a hand tool for removing weeds
weedkiller	n.	a chemical agent that destroys plants or inhibits their growth
weedless	adj.	free from weeds
weedy	adj.	abounding with or resembling weeds
weedy	adj.	being very thin
weeing	v.	eliminate urine
week	n.	any period of seven consecutive days
week	n.	hours or days of work in a calendar week
week	n.	a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
weekday	n.	any day except Sunday (and sometimes except Saturday)
weekend	n.	a time period usually extending from Friday night through Sunday; more loosely defined as any period of successive days including one and only one Sunday
weekend	v.	spend the weekend
weekly	n.	a periodical that is published every week (or 52 issues per year)
weekly	adj.	of or occurring every seven days
weekly	adv.	without missing a week
weeknight	n.	any night of the week except Saturday or Sunday
weeks	n.	any period of seven consecutive days
weeks	n.	hours or days of work in a calendar week
weeks	n.	a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
weenie	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
weensy	adj.	(used informally) very small
weeny	adj.	(used informally) very small
weep	v.	shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain
weeper	n.	a person who weeps
weeper	n.	a hired mourner
weepy	adj.	liable to weep easily
weevil	n.	any of several families of mostly small beetles that feed on plants and plant products; especially snout beetles and seed beetles
weft	n.	the yarn woven across the warp yarn in weaving
wei	n.	any of several imperial dynasties of China ruling from 220 to 265 and from 386 to 556
weigh	v.	have a certain weight
weigh	v.	show consideration for; take into account
weigh	v.	determine the weight of
weigh	v.	have weight; have import, carry weight
weigh	v.	to be oppressive or burdensome; ,
weighbridge	n.	platform scale flush with a roadway for weighing vehicles and cattle etc
weighs	v.	have a certain weight
weighs	v.	show consideration for; take into account
weighs	v.	determine the weight of
weighs	v.	have weight; have import, carry weight
weighs	v.	to be oppressive or burdensome; ,
weight	n.	the vertical force exerted by a mass as a result of gravity
weight	n.	sports equipment used in calisthenic exercises and weightlifting; it is not attached to anything and is raised and lowered by use of the hands and arms
weight	n.	the relative importance granted to something
weight	n.	an artifact that is heavy
weight	n.	an oppressive feeling of heavy force
weight	n.	a system of units used to express the weight of something
weight	n.	a unit used to measure weight
weight	n.	(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance
weight	v.	weight down with a load
weight	v.	present with a bias
weighted	v.	weight down with a load
weighted	v.	present with a bias
weighted	adj.	made heavy or weighted down with weariness
weighted	adj.	adjusted to reflect value or proportion
weightily	adv.	in a serious manner
weightily	adv.	as something very heavy
weightiness	n.	the relative importance granted to something
weightiness	n.	the property of being comparatively great in weight
weightless	adj.	having little or no weight or apparent gravitational pull; light
weightlessness	n.	the property of being comparatively small in weight
weightlifter	n.	an athlete who lifts barbells
weightlifting	n.	bodybuilding by exercise that involves lifting weights
weightlifting	v.	lift weights
weighty	adj.	having relatively great weight; heavy
weighty	adj.	powerfully persuasive
weighty	adj.	of great gravity or crucial import; requiring serious thought
weighty	adj.	weighing heavily on the spirit; causing anxiety or worry
weighty	adj.	excessively fat
weill	n.	German composer; collaborated with Bertolt Brecht (1900-1950)
weinberg	n.	United States theoretical physicist (born in 1933)
weir	n.	a low dam built across a stream to raise its level or divert its flow
weir	n.	a fence or wattle built across a stream to catch or retain fish
weird	n.	fate personified; any one of the three Weird Sisters
weird	adj.	suggesting the operation of supernatural influences; ; ; - John Galsworthy; ; - Henry Kingsley
weird	adj.	strikingly odd or unusual; - Bram Stoker
weirdie	n.	someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
weirdness	n.	strikingly out of the ordinary
weirdo	n.	someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
weirdo	n.	someone deranged and possibly dangerous
weizmann	n.	Israeli statesman who persuaded the United States to recognize the new state of Israel and became its first president (1874-1952)
welcome	n.	the state of being welcome
welcome	n.	a greeting or reception
welcome	v.	accept gladly
welcome	v.	bid welcome to; greet upon arrival
welcome	v.	receive someone, as into one's house
welcome	adj.	giving pleasure or satisfaction or received with pleasure or freely granted
weld	n.	European mignonette cultivated as a source of yellow dye; naturalized in North America
weld	n.	United States abolitionist (1803-1895)
weld	n.	a metal joint formed by softening with heat and fusing or hammering together
weld	v.	join together by heating
weld	v.	unite closely or intimately
welder	n.	joins pieces of metal by welding them together
welfare	n.	governmental provision of economic assistance to persons in need
welfare	n.	something that aids or promotes well-being
welfare	n.	a contented state of being happy and healthy and prosperous
welkin	n.	the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
well	n.	a deep hole or shaft dug or drilled to obtain water or oil or gas or brine
well	n.	a cavity or vessel used to contain liquid
well	n.	an abundant source
well	n.	an open shaft through the floors of a building (as for a stairway)
well	n.	an enclosed compartment in a ship or plane for holding something as e.g. fish or a plane's landing gear or for protecting something as e.g. a ship's pumps
well	v.	come up, as of a liquid
well	adj.	in good health especially after having suffered illness or injury
well	adj.	resulting favorably
well	adj.	wise or advantageous and hence advisable
well	adv.	(often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well')
well	adv.	thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; ; ; ; ; ,
well	adv.	indicating high probability; in all likelihood
well	adv.	(used for emphasis or as an intensifier) entirely or fully
well	adv.	to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
well	adv.	favorably; with approval
well	adv.	to a great extent or degree
well	adv.	with great or especially intimate knowledge
well	adv.	with prudence or propriety
well	adv.	with skill or in a pleasing manner
well	adv.	in a manner affording benefit or advantage
well	adv.	in financial comfort
well	adv.	without unusual distress or resentment; with good humor
weller	adj.	in good health especially after having suffered illness or injury
weller	adj.	resulting favorably
weller	adj.	wise or advantageous and hence advisable
welles	n.	United States actor and filmmaker (1915-1985)
welles	v.	come up, as of a liquid
wellhead	n.	the source of water for a well
wellhead	n.	a structure built over a well
wellington	n.	British general and statesman; he defeated Napoleon at Waterloo; subsequently served as Prime Minister (1769-1852)
wellington	n.	the capital of New Zealand
wellington	n.	(19th century) a man's high tasseled boot
wellness	n.	a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease
wells	n.	prolific English writer best known for his science-fiction novels; he also wrote on contemporary social problems and wrote popular accounts of history and science (1866-1946)
wells	n.	a deep hole or shaft dug or drilled to obtain water or oil or gas or brine
wells	n.	a cavity or vessel used to contain liquid
wells	n.	an abundant source
wells	n.	an open shaft through the floors of a building (as for a stairway)
wells	n.	an enclosed compartment in a ship or plane for holding something as e.g. fish or a plane's landing gear or for protecting something as e.g. a ship's pumps
wells	v.	come up, as of a liquid
wellspring	n.	the source of water for a well
wellspring	n.	an abundant source
welsh	n.	a native or resident of Wales
welsh	n.	a Celtic language of Wales
welsh	n.	a breed of dual-purpose cattle developed in Wales
welsh	v.	cheat by avoiding payment of a gambling debt
welsh	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Wales or its people or their language
welsher	n.	someone who swindles you by not repaying a debt or wager
welshman	n.	a native or resident of Wales
welshmen	n.	a native or resident of Wales
welt	n.	a raised mark on the skin (as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions
welt	n.	a raised or strengthened seam
welt	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
welt	v.	put a welt on
welter	n.	a confused multitude of things
welter	v.	toss, roll, or rise and fall in an uncontrolled way
welter	v.	roll around,
welter	v.	be immersed in
welterweight	n.	a weight of 28 pounds; sometimes imposed as a handicap in a horse race (such as a steeplechase)
welterweight	n.	an amateur boxer who weighs no more than 148 pounds
welterweight	n.	a wrestler who weighs 154-172 pounds
welterweight	n.	a professional boxer who weighs between 141 and 147 pounds
wen	n.	a common cyst of the skin; filled with fatty matter (sebum) that is secreted by a sebaceous gland that has been blocked
wench	n.	informal terms for a (young) woman
wench	v.	frequent prostitutes
wend	v.	direct one's course or way
went	v.	change location; move, travel, or proceed, also metaphorically
went	v.	follow a procedure or take a course
went	v.	move away from a place into another direction
went	v.	enter or assume a certain state or condition
went	v.	be awarded; be allotted
went	v.	have a particular form
went	v.	stretch out over a distance, space, time, or scope; run or extend between two points or beyond a certain point
went	v.	follow a certain course
went	v.	be abolished or discarded
went	v.	be or continue to be in a certain condition
went	v.	make a certain noise or sound
went	v.	perform as expected when applied
went	v.	to be spent or finished
went	v.	progress by being changed
went	v.	continue to live through hardship or adversity
went	v.	pass, fare, or elapse; of a certain state of affairs or action
went	v.	pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life
went	v.	be in the right place or situation
went	v.	be ranked or compare
went	v.	begin or set in motion
went	v.	have a turn; make one's move in a game
went	v.	be contained in
went	v.	be sounded, played, or expressed
went	v.	blend or harmonize
went	v.	lead, extend, or afford access
went	v.	be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired
went	v.	go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way
went	v.	be spent
went	v.	give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number
went	v.	stop operating or functioning
wept	v.	shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain
were	v.	have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)
were	v.	be identical to; be someone or something
were	v.	occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere
were	v.	have an existence, be extant
were	v.	happen, occur, take place
were	v.	be identical or equivalent to
were	v.	form or compose
were	v.	work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function
were	v.	represent, as of a character on stage
were	v.	spend or use time
were	v.	have life, be alive
were	v.	to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form
were	v.	be priced at
werewolf	n.	a monster able to change appearance from human to wolf and back again
werewolves	n.	a monster able to change appearance from human to wolf and back again
wesley	n.	English clergyman and brother of John Wesley who wrote many hymns (1707-1788)
wesley	n.	English clergyman and founder of Methodism (1703-1791)
wesleyan	n.	a follower of Wesleyanism
wesleyan	adj.	of or pertaining to or characteristic of the branch of Protestantism adhering to the views of Wesley
wessex	n.	a Saxon kingdom in southwestern England that became the most powerful English kingdom by the 10th century
west	n.	the countries of (originally) Europe and (now including) North America and South America
west	n.	the cardinal compass point that is a 270 degrees
west	n.	the region of the United States lying to the west of the Mississippi River
west	n.	the direction corresponding to the westward cardinal compass point
west	n.	British writer (born in Ireland) (1892-1983)
west	n.	United States film actress (1892-1980)
west	n.	English painter (born in America) who became the second president of the Royal Academy (1738-1820)
west	n.	a location in the western part of a country, region, or city
west	adj.	situated in or facing or moving toward the west
west	adv.	to, toward, or in the west
westbound	adj.	moving toward the west
westerly	n.	the winds from the west that occur in the temperate zones of the Earth
westerly	adj.	of wind; from the west
westerly	adj.	moving toward the west
westerly	adv.	toward the west; - Daniel Defoe
westerly	adv.	from the west
western	n.	a film about life in the western United States during the period of exploration and development
western	n.	a sandwich made from a western omelet
western	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the western parts of the world or the West as opposed to the eastern or oriental parts
western	adj.	of or characteristic of regions of the United States west of the Mississippi River
western	adj.	lying toward or situated in the west
western	adj.	of wind; from the west
westerner	n.	an inhabitant of a western area; especially of the U.S.
westerner	adj.	relating to or characteristic of the western parts of the world or the West as opposed to the eastern or oriental parts
westerner	adj.	of or characteristic of regions of the United States west of the Mississippi River
westerner	adj.	lying toward or situated in the west
westerner	adj.	of wind; from the west
westernization	n.	assimilation of Western culture; the social process of becoming familiar with or converting to the customs and practices of Western civilization
westernize	v.	make western in character
westernmost	adj.	farthest to the west
westinghouse	n.	United States inventor and manufacturer (1846-1914)
westminster	n.	a borough of Greater London on the Thames; contains Buckingham Palace and the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey
weston	n.	United States photographer(1886-1958)
westward	n.	the cardinal compass point that is a 270 degrees
westward	adj.	moving toward the west
westward	adv.	toward the west
wet	n.	wetness caused by water
wet	v.	cause to become wet
wet	v.	make one's bed or clothes wet by urinating
wet	adj.	covered or soaked with a liquid such as water
wet	adj.	containing moisture or volatile components
wet	adj.	supporting or permitting the legal production and sale of alcoholic beverages
wet	adj.	producing or secreting milk
wet	adj.	consisting of or trading in alcoholic liquor
wet	adj.	very drunk
wetback	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Mexican descent
wetland	n.	a low area where the land is saturated with water
wetness	n.	the condition of containing or being covered by a liquid (especially water)
wetter	n.	a chemical agent capable of reducing the surface tension of a liquid in which it is dissolved
wetter	n.	a workman who wets the work in a manufacturing process
wetter	n.	someone suffering from enuresis; someone who urinates while asleep in bed
wetter	adj.	covered or soaked with a liquid such as water
wetter	adj.	containing moisture or volatile components
wetter	adj.	supporting or permitting the legal production and sale of alcoholic beverages
wetter	adj.	producing or secreting milk
wetter	adj.	consisting of or trading in alcoholic liquor
wetter	adj.	very drunk
wettest	adj.	covered or soaked with a liquid such as water
wettest	adj.	containing moisture or volatile components
wettest	adj.	supporting or permitting the legal production and sale of alcoholic beverages
wettest	adj.	producing or secreting milk
wettest	adj.	consisting of or trading in alcoholic liquor
wettest	adj.	very drunk
wetting	n.	the act of making something wet
wetting	n.	a euphemism for urination
wetting	v.	cause to become wet
wetting	v.	make one's bed or clothes wet by urinating
whack	n.	the sound made by a sharp swift blow
whack	n.	the act of hitting vigorously
whack	v.	hit hard
whacker	n.	something especially big or impressive of its kind
whale	n.	a very large person; impressive in size or qualities
whale	n.	any of the larger cetacean mammals having a streamlined body and breathing through a blowhole on the head
whale	v.	hunt for whales
whaleboat	n.	a long narrow boat designed for quick turning and use in rough seas
whalebone	n.	a horny material from the upper jaws of certain whales; used as the ribs of fans or as stays in corsets
whaler	n.	a seaman who works on a ship that hunts whales
whaler	n.	a ship engaged in whale fishing
whaling	v.	hunt for whales
wham	v.	hit hard
whammed	v.	hit hard
whamming	v.	hit hard
whammy	n.	a serious or devastating setback
whammy	n.	an evil spell
wharf	n.	a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats
wharf	v.	provide with a wharf
wharf	v.	store on a wharf
wharf	v.	discharge at a wharf
wharf	v.	come into or dock at a wharf
wharf	v.	moor at a wharf
wharton	n.	United States novelist (1862-1937)
wharves	n.	a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats
whatchamacallit	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
whatever	adj.	one or some or every or all without specification
whatnot	n.	miscellaneous curios
whatsoever	adj.	one or some or every or all without specification
wheal	n.	a raised mark on the skin (as produced by the blow of a whip); characteristic of many allergic reactions
wheat	n.	annual or biennial grass having erect flower spikes and light brown grains
wheat	n.	grains of common wheat; sometimes cooked whole or cracked as cereal; usually ground into flour
wheat	n.	a variable yellow tint; dull yellow, often diluted with white
wheatstone	n.	English physicist and inventor who devised the Wheatstone bridge (1802-1875)
wheedle	v.	influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering
wheedler	n.	someone who tries to persuade by blandishment and coaxing
wheel	n.	a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) that can rotate on a shaft or axle (as in vehicles or other machines)
wheel	n.	a handwheel that is used for steering
wheel	n.	forces that provide energy and direction
wheel	n.	a circular helm to control the rudder of a vessel
wheel	n.	game equipment consisting of a wheel with slots that is used for gambling; the wheel rotates horizontally and players bet on which slot the roulette ball will stop in
wheel	n.	an instrument of torture that stretches or disjoints or mutilates victims
wheel	n.	a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals
wheel	v.	change directions as if revolving on a pivot
wheel	v.	wheel somebody or something
wheel	v.	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle
wheel	v.	ride a bicycle
wheelbarrow	n.	a cart for carrying small loads; has handles and one or more wheels
wheelbarrow	v.	transport in a wheelbarrow
wheelbase	n.	the distance from the center of a car's front wheel to the rear axle
wheelchair	n.	a movable chair mounted on large wheels; for invalids or those who cannot walk; frequently propelled by the occupant
wheeler	n.	Scottish archaeologist (1890-1976)
wheeler	n.	someone who makes and repairs wooden wheels
wheeler	n.	the man at the outermost end of the rank in wheeling
wheeler	n.	a person who rides a bicycle
wheeler	n.	a draft horse harnessed behind others and nearest the wheels of a vehicle
wheelhouse	n.	an enclosed compartment from which a vessel can be navigated
wheeling	n.	a city in the northern panhandle of West Virginia on the Ohio river
wheeling	n.	propelling something on wheels
wheeling	v.	change directions as if revolving on a pivot
wheeling	v.	wheel somebody or something
wheeling	v.	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle
wheeling	v.	ride a bicycle
wheelwright	n.	someone who makes and repairs wooden wheels
wheeze	n.	breathing with a husky or whistling sound
wheeze	n.	(Briticism) a clever or amusing scheme or trick
wheeze	v.	breathe with difficulty
wheezily	adv.	with a wheeze
wheeziness	n.	presence of abnormal high-pitched sound heard with a stethoscope when an airway is blocked (as in asthma or chronic bronchitis)
wheezy	adj.	having a tone of a reed instrument
wheezy	adj.	relating to breathing with a whistling sound
whelk	n.	large marine snail much used as food in Europe
whelk	n.	large carnivorous marine gastropods of coastal waters and intertidal regions having a strong snail-like shell
whelk	v.	gather whelk
whelm	v.	overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli
whelp	n.	young of any of various canines such as a dog or wolf
whelp	v.	birth
whence	adv.	from what place, source, or cause
whereabouts	n.	the general location where something is
wherefore	n.	the cause or intention underlying an action or situation, especially in the phrase `the whys and wherefores'
wheresoever	adv.	where in the world
wherever	adv.	where in the world
wherewithal	n.	the necessary means (especially financial means)
wherry	n.	sailing barge used especially in East Anglia
wherry	n.	light rowboat for use in racing or for transporting goods and passengers in inland waters and harbors
whet	v.	make keen or more acute
whet	v.	sharpen by rubbing, as on a whetstone
whetstone	n.	a flat stone for sharpening edged tools or knives
whetted	v.	make keen or more acute
whetted	v.	sharpen by rubbing, as on a whetstone
whetting	v.	make keen or more acute
whetting	v.	sharpen by rubbing, as on a whetstone
whey	n.	the serum or watery part of milk that is separated from the curd in making cheese
whey	n.	watery part of milk produced when raw milk sours and coagulates
whiff	n.	a short light gust of air
whiff	n.	a lefteye flounder found in coastal waters from New England to Brazil
whiff	n.	a strikeout resulting from the batter swinging at and missing the ball for the third strike
whiff	v.	perceive by inhaling through the nose
whiff	v.	drive or carry as if by a puff of air
whiff	v.	strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third
whiff	v.	smoke and exhale strongly
whiff	v.	utter with a puff of air
whiffletree	n.	a crossbar that is attached to the traces of a draft horse and to the vehicle or implement that the horse is pulling
whig	n.	a member of the political party that urged social reform in 18th and 19th century England; was the opposition party to the Tories
whig	n.	a supporter of the American Revolution
whig	n.	a member of the Whig Party that existed in the United States before the American Civil War
while	n.	a period of indeterminate length (usually short) marked by some action or condition
whim	n.	a sudden desire
whim	n.	an odd or fanciful or capricious idea
whimper	n.	a complaint uttered in a plaintive whining way
whimper	v.	cry weakly or softly
whimsical	adj.	determined by chance or impulse or whim rather than by necessity or reason
whimsicality	n.	the trait of acting unpredictably and more from whim or caprice than from reason or judgment
whimsicality	n.	the trait of behaving like an imp
whimsy	n.	an odd or fanciful or capricious idea
whimsy	n.	the trait of acting unpredictably and more from whim or caprice than from reason or judgment
whine	n.	a complaint uttered in a plaintive whining way
whine	v.	move with a whining sound
whine	v.	talk in a tearful manner
whine	v.	make a high-pitched, screeching noise
whine	v.	complain whiningly
whiner	n.	a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining
whinny	n.	the characteristic sounds made by a horse
whinny	v.	make a characteristic sound, of a horse
whiny	adj.	habitually complaining
whip	n.	an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping
whip	n.	a legislator appointed by the party to enforce discipline
whip	n.	a dessert made of sugar and stiffly beaten egg whites or cream and usually flavored with fruit
whip	n.	(golf) the flexibility of the shaft of a golf club
whip	n.	a quick blow delivered with a whip or whiplike object
whip	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
whip	v.	defeat thoroughly
whip	v.	thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash
whip	v.	strike as if by whipping
whip	v.	whip with or as if with a wire whisk
whip	v.	subject to harsh criticism
whipcord	n.	closely twisted hard cord used for the lashes of whips
whipcord	n.	a strong worsted or cotton fabric with a diagonal rib
whiplash	n.	an injury to the neck (the cervical vertebrae) resulting from rapid acceleration or deceleration (as in an automobile accident)
whiplash	n.	a quick blow delivered with a whip or whiplike object
whipped	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
whipped	v.	defeat thoroughly
whipped	v.	thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash
whipped	v.	strike as if by whipping
whipped	v.	whip with or as if with a wire whisk
whipped	v.	subject to harsh criticism
whipper	n.	a person who administers punishment by wielding a switch or whip
whippersnapper	n.	someone who is unimportant but cheeky and presumptuous
whippet	n.	small slender dog of greyhound type developed in England
whipping	n.	beating with a whip or strap or rope as a form of punishment
whipping	n.	a sound defeat
whipping	n.	a sewing stitch passing over an edge diagonally
whipping	n.	the act of overcoming or outdoing
whipping	v.	beat severely with a whip or rod
whipping	v.	defeat thoroughly
whipping	v.	thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash
whipping	v.	strike as if by whipping
whipping	v.	whip with or as if with a wire whisk
whipping	v.	subject to harsh criticism
whipping	adj.	smart and fashionable
whippletree	n.	a crossbar that is attached to the traces of a draft horse and to the vehicle or implement that the horse is pulling
whippoorwill	n.	American nocturnal goatsucker with grey-and-white plumage
whipsaw	n.	a saw with handles at both ends; intended for use by two people
whipsaw	v.	victimize, especially in gambling or negotiations
whipsaw	v.	saw with a whipsaw
whir	n.	sound of something in rapid motion
whir	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whirl	n.	confused movement
whirl	n.	the shape of something rotating rapidly
whirl	n.	a usually brief attempt
whirl	n.	the act of rotating rapidly
whirl	v.	turn in a twisting or spinning motion
whirl	v.	cause to spin
whirl	v.	flow in a circular current, of liquids
whirl	v.	revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis
whirl	v.	fly around
whirligig	n.	a conical child's plaything tapering to a steel point on which it can be made to spin
whirligig	n.	a large, rotating machine with seats for children to ride or amusement
whirligig	v.	whirl or spin like a whirligig
whirlpool	n.	a powerful circular current of water (usually the result of conflicting tides)
whirlpool	v.	flow in a circular current, of liquids
whirlwind	n.	a more or less vertical column of air whirling around itself as it moves over the surface of the Earth
whirlybird	n.	an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades
whirred	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whirring	n.	sound of something in rapid motion
whirring	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whirring	adj.	like the sound of rapidly vibrating wings
whisk	n.	a mixer incorporating a coil of wires; used for whipping eggs or cream
whisk	n.	a small short-handled broom used to brush clothes
whisk	v.	move somewhere quickly
whisk	v.	move quickly and nimbly
whisk	v.	brush or wipe off lightly
whisk	v.	whip with or as if with a wire whisk
whisker	n.	a very small distance or space
whisker	n.	a long stiff hair growing from the snout or brow of most mammals as e.g. a cat
whisker	v.	furnish with whiskers
whiskery	adj.	having hair on the cheeks and chin
whiskey	n.	a liquor made from fermented mash of grain
whiskys	n.	a liquor made from fermented mash of grain
whisper	n.	speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords
whisper	n.	a light noise, like the noise of silk clothing or leaves blowing in the wind
whisper	v.	speak softly; in a low voice
whisperer	n.	one who speaks in a whisper
whist	n.	a card game for four players who form two partnerships; a pack of 52 cards is dealt and each side scores one point for each trick it takes in excess of six
whistle	n.	the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small aperture
whistle	n.	the act of signalling (e.g., summoning) by whistling or blowing a whistle
whistle	n.	a small wind instrument that produces a whistling sound by blowing into it
whistle	n.	acoustic device that forces air or steam against an edge or into a cavity and so produces a loud shrill sound
whistle	n.	an inexpensive fipple flute
whistle	v.	make whistling sounds
whistle	v.	move with, or as with, a whistling sound
whistle	v.	utter or express by whistling
whistle	v.	move, send, or bring as if by whistling
whistle	v.	make a whining, ringing, or whistling sound
whistle	v.	give a signal by whistling
whistler	n.	United States painter (1834-1903)
whistler	n.	someone who makes a loud high sound
whistler	n.	large North American mountain marmot
whistler	n.	large-headed swift-flying diving duck of Arctic regions
whistler	n.	Australian and southeastern Asian birds with a melodious whistling call
whit	n.	a tiny or scarcely detectable amount
white	n.	a member of the Caucasoid race
white	n.	the quality or state of the achromatic color of greatest lightness (bearing the least resemblance to black)
white	n.	United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1910 by President Taft; noted for his work on antitrust legislation (1845-1921)
white	n.	Australian writer (1912-1990)
white	n.	United States political journalist (1915-1986)
white	n.	United States architect (1853-1906)
white	n.	United States writer noted for his humorous essays (1899-1985)
white	n.	United States educator who in 1865 (with Ezra Cornell) founded Cornell University and served as its first president (1832-1918)
white	n.	a tributary of the Mississippi River that flows southeastward through northern Arkansas and southern Missouri
white	n.	the white part of an egg; the nutritive and protective gelatinous substance surrounding the yolk consisting mainly of albumin dissolved in water
white	n.	(board games) the lighter pieces
white	n.	(usually in the plural) trousers made of flannel or gabardine or tweed or white cloth
white	v.	turn white
white	adj.	being of the achromatic color of maximum lightness; having little or no hue owing to reflection of almost all incident light
white	adj.	of or belonging to a racial group having light skin coloration
white	adj.	free from moral blemish or impurity; unsullied
white	adj.	marked by the presence of snow
white	adj.	restricted to whites only
white	adj.	glowing white with heat
white	adj.	benevolent; without malicious intent
white	adj.	(of a surface) not written or printed on
white	adj.	(of coffee) having cream or milk added
white	adj.	(of hair) having lost its color
white	adj.	anemic looking from illness or emotion; ; ; ; ; - Mary W. Shelley
white	adj.	of summer nights in northern latitudes where the sun barely sets
whitebait	n.	minnows or other small fresh- or saltwater fish (especially herring); usually cooked whole
whitebait	n.	the edible young of especially herrings and sprats and smelts
whitecap	n.	a wave that is blown by the wind so its crest is broken and appears white
whitefish	n.	any market fish--edible saltwater fish or shellfish--except herring
whitefish	n.	flesh of salmon-like or trout-like cold-water fish of cold lakes of the northern hemisphere
whitefish	n.	silvery herring-like freshwater food fish of cold lakes of the northern hemisphere
whitehall	n.	a wide street in London stretching from Trafalgar Square to the Houses of Parliament; site of many government offices
whitehall	n.	the British civil service
whitehead	n.	English philosopher and mathematician who collaborated with Bertrand Russell (1861-1947)
whitehead	n.	a small whitish lump in the skin due to a clogged sebaceous gland
whitehorse	n.	the provincial capital of the Yukon Territory
whiten	v.	turn white
whitener	n.	an agent that makes things white or colorless
whiteness	n.	the quality or state of the achromatic color of greatest lightness (bearing the least resemblance to black)
whiteness	n.	the state of being unsullied by sin or moral wrong; lacking a knowledge of evil
whiteness	n.	lightness or fairness of complexion
whitening	n.	changing to a lighter color
whitening	v.	turn white
whiteout	n.	an arctic atmospheric condition with clouds over snow produce a uniform whiteness and objects are difficult to see; occurs when the light reflected off the snow equals the light coming through the clouds
whiteout	v.	cover up with a liquid correction fluid
whiteout	v.	lose daylight visibility in heavy fog, snow, or rain
whitetail	n.	common North American deer; tail has a white underside
whitewash	n.	a defeat in which the losing person or team fails to score
whitewash	n.	wash consisting of lime and size in water; used for whitening walls and other surfaces
whitewash	n.	a specious or deceptive clearing that attempts to gloss over failings and defects
whitewash	v.	cover up a misdemeanor, fault, or error
whitewash	v.	cover with whitewash
whitewash	v.	exonerate by means of a perfunctory investigation or through biased presentation of data
whitewater	n.	frothy water as in rapids or waterfalls
whitey	n.	(slang) offensive names for a White man
whiting	n.	flesh of a cod-like fish of the Atlantic waters of Europe
whiting	n.	flesh of any of a number of slender food fishes especially of Atlantic coasts of North America
whiting	n.	a small fish of the genus Sillago; excellent food fish
whiting	n.	any of several food fishes of North American coastal waters
whiting	n.	found off Atlantic coast of North America
whiting	n.	a food fish of the Atlantic waters of Europe resembling the cod; sometimes placed in genus Gadus
whiting	v.	turn white
whitish	adj.	resembling milk in color not clear
whitish	adj.	of something having a color tending toward white
whitman	n.	United States poet who celebrated the greatness of America (1819-1892)
whitman	n.	United States frontier missionary who established a post in Oregon where Christianity and schooling and medicine were available to Native Americans (1802-1847)
whitney	n.	United States inventor of the mechanical cotton gin (1765-1825)
whitney	n.	the highest peak in the Sierra Nevada range in California (14,494 feet high)
whitsunday	n.	seventh Sunday after Easter; commemorates the emanation of the Holy Spirit to the Apostles; a quarter day in Scotland
whittier	n.	United States poet best known for his nostalgic poems about New England (1807-1892)
whittle	n.	English aeronautical engineer who invented the jet aircraft engine (1907-1996)
whittle	v.	cut small bits or pare shavings from
whittler	n.	someone who whittles (usually as an idle pastime)
whiz	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
whiz	n.	a buzzing or hissing sound as of something traveling rapidly through the air
whiz	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whizzbang	n.	a small high-velocity shell; it makes a whizzing sound followed by a bang when it hits
whizzbang	n.	a firecracker that (like the whizbang shell) makes a whizzing sound followed by a loud explosion
whizzed	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whizzes	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
whizzes	v.	make a soft swishing sound
whizzing	v.	make a soft swishing sound
who	n.	a United Nations agency to coordinate international health activities and to help governments improve health services
whodunit	n.	a story about a crime (usually murder) presented as a novel or play or movie
whole	n.	all of something including all its component elements or parts
whole	n.	an assemblage of parts that is regarded as a single entity
whole	adj.	including all components without exception; being one unit or constituting the full amount or extent or duration; complete
whole	adj.	(of siblings) having the same parents
whole	adj.	not injured
whole	adj.	exhibiting or restored to vigorous good health
whole	adj.	acting together as a single undiversified whole
whole	adv.	to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
wholehearted	adj.	with unconditional and enthusiastic devotion
wholeheartedness	n.	the quality of hearty sincerity
wholeheartedness	n.	undivided commitment or unreserved enthusiasm
wholemeal	adj.	of or relating to or derived from wheat
wholeness	n.	an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting
wholeness	n.	a state of robust good health
wholesale	n.	the selling of goods to merchants; usually in large quantities for resale to consumers
wholesale	v.	sell in large quantities
wholesale	adj.	ignoring distinctions
wholesale	adv.	at a wholesale price
wholesale	adv.	on a large scale without careful discrimination
wholesaler	n.	someone who buys large quantities of goods and resells to merchants rather than to the ultimate customers
wholesome	adj.	conducive to or characteristic of physical or moral well-being
wholesome	adj.	sound or exhibiting soundness in body or mind
wholesomely	adv.	in a wholesome manner
wholesomeness	n.	the quality of being beneficial and generally good for you
wholly	adv.	to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly')
whoop	n.	a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement
whoop	v.	shout, as if with joy or enthusiasm
whoop	v.	cough spasmodically
whoopee	n.	noisy and boisterous revelry
whooper	n.	rare North American crane having black-and-white plumage and a trumpeting call
whooper	n.	common Old World swan noted for its whooping call
whoosh	n.	the noise produced by the sudden rush of a fluid (a gas or liquid)
whoosh	v.	move with a sibilant sound
whoosh	v.	move with a whooshing sound
whoosh	v.	gush or squirt out
whop	v.	hit hard
whopped	v.	hit hard
whopper	n.	a gross untruth; a blatant lie
whopper	n.	something especially big or impressive of its kind
whopping	v.	hit hard
whopping	adj.	(used informally) very large
whopping	adv.	extremely
whore	n.	a woman who engages in sexual intercourse for money
whore	v.	work as a prostitute
whore	v.	have unlawful sex with a whore
whore	v.	compromise oneself for money or other gains
whorehouse	n.	a building where prostitutes are available
whorl	n.	a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles (as formed by leaves or flower petals)
whorl	n.	a strand or cluster of hair
whorl	n.	a structure consisting of something wound in a continuous series of loops
why	n.	the cause or intention underlying an action or situation, especially in the phrase `the whys and wherefores'
whys	n.	the cause or intention underlying an action or situation, especially in the phrase `the whys and wherefores'
wi	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States
wicca	n.	a community of followers of the Wicca religion
wicca	n.	the polytheistic nature religion of modern witchcraft whose central deity is a mother goddess; claims origins in pre-Christian pagan religions of western Europe
wichita	n.	a member of the Caddo people formerly living between Kansas and central Texas
wichita	n.	the largest city in Kansas; located in southern Kansas on the Arkansas River
wichita	n.	the Caddoan language spoken by the Wichita
wick	n.	any piece of cord that conveys liquid by capillary action
wick	n.	a loosely woven cord (in a candle or oil lamp) that draws fuel by capillary action up into the flame
wicked	adj.	morally bad in principle or practice
wicked	adj.	having committed unrighteous acts
wicked	adj.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality
wicked	adj.	naughtily or annoyingly playful
wicked	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
wickedness	n.	morally objectionable behavior
wickedness	n.	absence of moral or spiritual values
wickedness	n.	the quality of being wicked
wickedness	n.	estrangement from god
wickedness	n.	the quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions
wicker	n.	slender flexible branches or twigs (especially of willow or some canes); used for wickerwork
wicker	n.	work made of interlaced slender branches (especially willow branches)
wickerwork	n.	work made of interlaced slender branches (especially willow branches)
wicket	n.	cricket equipment consisting of a set of three stumps topped by crosspieces; used in playing cricket
wicket	n.	a small arch used as croquet equipment
wicket	n.	small gate or door (especially one that is part of a larger door)
wicket	n.	small opening (like a window in a door) through which business can be transacted
wide	adj.	having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other
wide	adj.	broad in scope or content; ; ; ; ; - T.G.Winner
wide	adj.	(used of eyes) fully open or extended
wide	adj.	very large in expanse or scope
wide	adj.	great in degree
wide	adj.	having ample fabric
wide	adj.	not on target
wide	adv.	with or by a broad space
wide	adv.	to the fullest extent possible
wide	adv.	far from the intended target
wide	adv.	to or over a great extent or range; far
widen	v.	become broader or wider or more extensive
widen	v.	make (clothes) larger
widen	v.	make wider
widen	v.	extend in scope or range or area
wideness	n.	the property of being wide; having great width
wideness	n.	unusual largeness in size or extent or number
widespread	adj.	widely circulated or diffused
widespread	adj.	distributed over a considerable extent
widget	n.	something unspecified whose name is either forgotten or not known
widget	n.	a device or control that is very useful for a particular job
widow	n.	a woman whose husband is dead especially one who has not remarried
widow	v.	cause to be without a spouse
widower	n.	a man whose wife is dead especially one who has not remarried
widowhood	n.	the time of a woman's life when she is a widow
widowhood	n.	the state of being a widow who has not remarried
width	n.	the extent of something from side to side
widths	n.	the extent of something from side to side
wield	v.	have and exercise
wield	v.	handle effectively
wiener	n.	United States mathematician and founder of cybernetics (1894-1964)
wiener	n.	a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served on a bread roll
wiesel	n.	United States writer (born in Romania) who survived Nazi concentration camps and is dedicated to keeping alive the memory of the Holocaust (born in 1928)
wiesenthal	n.	Austrian investigator of Nazi war crimes (born in 1908)
wife	n.	a married woman; a man's partner in marriage
wifi	n.	a local area network that uses high frequency radio signals to transmit and receive data over distances of a few hundred feet; uses ethernet protocol
wig	n.	hairpiece covering the head and made of real or synthetic hair
wig	n.	British slang for a scolding
wigeon	n.	freshwater duck of Eurasia and northern Africa related to mallards and teals
wigged	adj.	wearing a wig
wigging	n.	British slang for a scolding
wiggle	n.	the act of wiggling
wiggle	v.	move to and fro
wiggler	n.	one who can't stay still (especially a child)
wiggler	n.	larva of a mosquito
wiggler	n.	terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet; used as bait by anglers
wiggly	adj.	curved or curving in and out
wiggly	adj.	moving in a twisting or snake-like or wormlike fashion
wight	n.	a human being; `wight' is an archaic term
wight	n.	an isle and county of southern England in the English Channel
wigner	n.	United States physicist (born in Hungary) noted for his work on the structure of the atom and its nucleus (1902-1995)
wigwag	v.	send a signal by waving a flag or a light according to a certain code
wigwag	v.	signal by or as if by a flag or light waved according to a code
wigwagged	v.	send a signal by waving a flag or a light according to a certain code
wigwagged	v.	signal by or as if by a flag or light waved according to a code
wigwagging	v.	send a signal by waving a flag or a light according to a certain code
wigwagging	v.	signal by or as if by a flag or light waved according to a code
wigwam	n.	a Native American lodge frequently having an oval shape and covered with bark or hides
wild	n.	a wild primitive state untouched by civilization
wild	n.	a wild and uninhabited area left in its natural condition
wild	adj.	marked by extreme lack of restraint or control
wild	adj.	in a natural state; not tamed or domesticated or cultivated
wild	adj.	in a state of extreme emotion
wild	adj.	deviating widely from an intended course
wild	adj.	(of colors or sounds) intensely vivid or loud
wild	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
wild	adj.	talking or behaving irrationally
wild	adj.	involving risk or danger
wild	adj.	fanciful and unrealistic; foolish
wild	adj.	located in a dismal or remote area; desolate
wild	adj.	intensely enthusiastic about or preoccupied with
wild	adj.	without civilizing influences; ; ; ; -Margaret Meade
wild	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
wild	adv.	in an uncontrolled and rampant manner
wild	adv.	in a wild or undomesticated manner
wildcat	n.	an exploratory oil well drilled in land not known to be an oil field
wildcat	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
wildcat	n.	any small or medium-sized cat resembling the domestic cat and living in the wild
wildcat	adj.	outside the bounds of legitimate or ethical business practices
wildcat	adj.	without official authorization
wildcat	adj.	(of a mine or oil well) drilled speculatively in an area not known to be productive
wildcatter	n.	an oilman who drills exploratory wells in territory not known to be an oil field
wilde	n.	Irish writer and wit (1854-1900)
wildebeest	n.	large African antelope having a head with horns like an ox and a long tufted tail
wilder	n.	United States writer and dramatist (1897-1975)
wilder	n.	United States filmmaker (born in Austria) whose dark humor infused many of the films he made (1906-2002)
wilder	adj.	marked by extreme lack of restraint or control
wilder	adj.	in a natural state; not tamed or domesticated or cultivated
wilder	adj.	in a state of extreme emotion
wilder	adj.	deviating widely from an intended course
wilder	adj.	(of colors or sounds) intensely vivid or loud
wilder	adj.	without a basis in reason or fact
wilder	adj.	talking or behaving irrationally
wilder	adj.	involving risk or danger
wilder	adj.	fanciful and unrealistic; foolish
wilder	adj.	located in a dismal or remote area; desolate
wilder	adj.	intensely enthusiastic about or preoccupied with
wilder	adj.	without civilizing influences; ; ; ; -Margaret Meade
wilder	adj.	(of the elements) as if showing violent anger
wilderness	n.	(politics) a state of disfavor
wilderness	n.	a wooded region in northeastern Virginia near Spotsylvania where bloody but inconclusive battles were fought in the American Civil War
wilderness	n.	a wild and uninhabited area left in its natural condition
wilderness	n.	a bewildering profusion
wildfire	n.	a raging and rapidly spreading conflagration
wildflower	n.	wild or uncultivated flowering plant
wildfowl	n.	flesh of any of a number of wild game birds suitable for food
wildlife	n.	all living things (except people) that are undomesticated
wildness	n.	a feeling of extreme emotional intensity
wildness	n.	the property of being wild or turbulent
wildness	n.	an unruly disposition to do as one pleases
wildness	n.	an intractably barbarous or uncultivated state of nature
wilds	n.	a wild primitive state untouched by civilization
wilds	n.	a wild and uninhabited area left in its natural condition
wile	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
wiles	n.	the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)
wiliness	n.	shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception
wilkes	n.	English reformer who published attacks on George III and supported the rights of the American colonists (1727-1797)
wilkes	n.	United States explorer of Antarctica (1798-1877)
wilkins	n.	United States civil rights leader (1901-1981)
wilkins	n.	Australian who was the first to explore the Arctic by airplane (1888-1958)
wilkins	n.	English biochemist who helped discover the structure of DNA (1916-2004)
wilkinson	n.	English chemist honored for his research on pollutants in car exhausts (born in 1921)
will	n.	the capability of conscious choice and decision and intention; - George Meredith
will	n.	a fixed and persistent intent or purpose
will	n.	a legal document declaring a person's wishes regarding the disposal of their property when they die
will	v.	decree or ordain
will	v.	determine by choice
will	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
willamette	n.	a river in western Oregon that flows north into the Columbia River near Portland
willard	n.	United States advocate of temperance and women's suffrage (1839-1898)
willard	n.	United States educator who was an early campaigner for higher education for women (1787-1870)
willful	adj.	done by design
willful	adj.	habitually disposed to disobedience and opposition
willfulness	n.	the trait of being prone to disobedience and lack of discipline
williams	n.	United States country singer and songwriter (1923-1953)
williams	n.	English philosopher credited with reviving the field of moral philosophy (1929-2003)
williams	n.	United States poet (1883-1963)
williams	n.	United States baseball player noted as a hitter (1918-2002)
williams	n.	English clergyman and colonist who was expelled from Massachusetts for criticizing Puritanism; he founded Providence in 1636 and obtained a royal charter for Rhode Island in 1663 (1603-1683)
williams	n.	United States playwright (1911-1983)
willies	n.	feelings of uneasiness
willing	n.	the act of making a choice
willing	v.	decree or ordain
willing	v.	determine by choice
willing	v.	leave or give by will after one's death
willing	adj.	disposed or inclined toward
willing	adj.	not brought about by coercion or force
willingness	n.	cheerful compliance
willis	n.	English physician who was a pioneer in the study of the brain (1621-1675)
willow	n.	any of numerous deciduous trees and shrubs of the genus Salix
willow	n.	a textile machine having a system of revolving spikes for opening and cleaning raw textile fibers
willowy	adj.	slender and graceful
willpower	n.	the trait of resolutely controlling your own behavior
wilmington	n.	a town in southeastern North Carolina on the Cape Fear River
wilmington	n.	the largest city in Delaware
wilson	n.	author of the first novel by an African American that was published in the United States (1808-1870)
wilson	n.	English writer of novels and short stories (1913-1991)
wilson	n.	Scottish ornithologist in the United States (1766-1813)
wilson	n.	United States physicist honored for his work on cosmic microwave radiation (born in 1918)
wilson	n.	Canadian geophysicist who was a pioneer in the study of plate tectonics (1908-1993)
wilson	n.	American Revolutionary leader who was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence (1742-1798)
wilson	n.	United States entomologist who has generalized from social insects to other animals including humans (born in 1929)
wilson	n.	Scottish physicist who invented the cloud chamber (1869-1959)
wilson	n.	United States literary critic (1895-1972)
wilson	n.	28th President of the United States; led the United States in World War I and secured the formation of the League of Nations (1856-1924)
wilson	n.	a peak in the San Juan mountains of Colorado (14,246 feet high)
wilsonian	adj.	of or relating to or suggestive of Woodrow Wilson
wilt	n.	any plant disease characterized by drooping and shriveling; usually caused by parasites attacking the roots
wilt	n.	causing to become limp or drooping
wilt	v.	lose strength
wilt	v.	become limp
wilton	n.	a carpet woven on a Jacquard loom with loops like a Brussels carpet but having the loops cut to form a close velvety pile
wily	adj.	marked by skill in deception
wimbledon	n.	a suburb of London and the headquarters of the club where annual international tennis championships are played on grass courts
wimp	n.	a person who lacks confidence, is irresolute and wishy-washy
wimp	n.	a hypothetical subatomic particle of large mass that interacts weakly with ordinary matter through gravitation; postulated as a constituent of the dark matter of the universe
wimpish	adj.	weak and ineffectual
wimple	n.	headdress of cloth; worn over the head and around the neck and ears by medieval women
wimpy	adj.	weak and ineffectual
win	n.	a victory (as in a race or other competition)
win	n.	something won (especially money)
win	v.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious
win	v.	win something through one's efforts
win	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
win	v.	attain success or reach a desired goal
wince	n.	the facial expression of sudden pain
wince	n.	a reflex response to sudden pain
wince	v.	draw back, as with fear or pain
wince	v.	make a face indicating disgust or dislike
winch	n.	lifting device consisting of a horizontal cylinder turned by a crank on which a cable or rope winds
winch	v.	pull or lift up with or as if with a winch
winchester	n.	a city in southern England; administrative center of Hampshire
winchester	n.	a shoulder rifle
wind	n.	air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure
wind	n.	a tendency or force that influences events
wind	n.	breath
wind	n.	empty rhetoric or insincere or exaggerated talk
wind	n.	an indication of potential opportunity
wind	n.	a musical instrument in which the sound is produced by an enclosed column of air that is moved by the breath
wind	n.	a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus
wind	n.	the act of winding or twisting
wind	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
wind	v.	extend in curves and turns
wind	v.	arrange or or coil around
wind	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
wind	v.	coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem
wind	v.	form into a wreath
wind	v.	raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
windbag	n.	a boring person who talks a great deal about uninteresting topics
windblown	adj.	used especially of trees; growing in a shape determined by the prevailing winds
windbreak	n.	hedge or fence of trees designed to lessen the force of the wind and reduce erosion
windbreaker	n.	a kind of heavy jacket (`windcheater' is a British term)
windburn	n.	redness and irritation of the skin caused by exposure to high-velocity wind
windcheater	n.	a kind of heavy jacket (`windcheater' is a British term)
winded	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
winded	v.	extend in curves and turns
winded	v.	arrange or or coil around
winded	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
winded	v.	coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem
winded	v.	form into a wreath
winded	v.	raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
winded	adj.	breathing laboriously or convulsively
winder	n.	a worker who winds (e.g., a winch or clock or other mechanism)
winder	n.	mechanical device used to wind another device that is driven by a spring (as a clock)
winder	n.	mechanical device around which something can be wound
windfall	n.	fruit that has fallen from the tree
windfall	n.	a sudden happening that brings good fortune (as a sudden opportunity to make money)
windflower	n.	any woodland plant of the genus Anemone grown for its beautiful flowers and whorls of dissected leaves
windhoek	n.	capital of Namibia in the center of the country
windily	adv.	in a verbose manner
windiness	n.	a mildly windy state of the air
windiness	n.	boring verbosity
windjammer	n.	a large sailing ship
windlass	n.	lifting device consisting of a horizontal cylinder turned by a crank on which a cable or rope winds
windless	adj.	without or almost without wind
windmill	n.	a mill that is powered by the wind
windmill	n.	generator that extracts usable energy from winds
window	n.	a framework of wood or metal that contains a glass windowpane and is built into a wall or roof to admit light or air
window	n.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
window	n.	a transparent panel (as of an envelope) inserted in an otherwise opaque material
window	n.	an opening that resembles a window in appearance or function
window	n.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something
window	n.	a pane of glass in a window
window	n.	an opening in a wall or screen that admits light and air and through which customers can be served
window	n.	(computer science) a rectangular part of a computer screen that contains a display different from the rest of the screen
windowpane	n.	a pane of glass in a window
windowpane	n.	very thin translucent flounder of the Atlantic coast of North America
windows	n.	(trademark) an operating system with a graphical user interface
windows	n.	a framework of wood or metal that contains a glass windowpane and is built into a wall or roof to admit light or air
windows	n.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
windows	n.	a transparent panel (as of an envelope) inserted in an otherwise opaque material
windows	n.	an opening that resembles a window in appearance or function
windows	n.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something
windows	n.	a pane of glass in a window
windows	n.	an opening in a wall or screen that admits light and air and through which customers can be served
windows	n.	(computer science) a rectangular part of a computer screen that contains a display different from the rest of the screen
windowsill	n.	the sill of a window; the horizontal member at the bottom of the window frame
windpipe	n.	membranous tube with cartilaginous rings that conveys inhaled air from the larynx to the bronchi
windscreen	n.	transparent screen (as of glass) to protect occupants of a vehicle
windshield	n.	transparent screen (as of glass) to protect occupants of a vehicle
windsock	n.	a truncated cloth cone mounted on a mast; used (e.g., at airports) to show the direction of the wind
windsor	n.	a city in southeastern Ontario on the Detroit River opposite Detroit
windsor	n.	the British royal family since 1917
windstorm	n.	a storm consisting of violent winds
windsurf	v.	ride standing on a surfboard with an attached sail, on water
windsurfing	v.	ride standing on a surfboard with an attached sail, on water
windswept	adj.	open to or swept by wind
windup	n.	a concluding action
windup	adj.	operated by a mechanism
windward	n.	the direction from which the wind is coming
windward	n.	the side of something that is toward the wind
windward	adj.	on the side exposed to the wind
windward	adv.	away from the wind
windy	adj.	abounding in or exposed to the wind or breezes
windy	adj.	not practical or realizable; speculative
windy	adj.	resembling the wind in speed, force, or variability
windy	adj.	using or containing too many words
wine	n.	fermented juice (of grapes especially)
wine	n.	a red as dark as red wine
wine	v.	drink wine
wine	v.	treat to wine
wineglass	n.	a glass that has a stem and in which wine is served
winemaker	n.	someone who makes wine
winery	n.	distillery where wine is made
winesap	n.	crisp apple with dark red skin
winfred	n.	(Roman Catholic Church) Anglo-Saxon missionary who was sent to Frisia and Germany to spread the Christian faith; was martyred in Frisia (680-754)
wing	n.	a movable organ for flying (one of a pair)
wing	n.	one of the horizontal airfoils on either side of the fuselage of an airplane
wing	n.	a stage area out of sight of the audience
wing	n.	a unit of military aircraft
wing	n.	the side of military or naval formation
wing	n.	a hockey player stationed in a forward position on either side
wing	n.	(in flight formation) a position to the side and just to the rear of another aircraft
wing	n.	a group within a political party or legislature or other organization that holds distinct views or has a particular function
wing	n.	the wing of a fowl
wing	n.	a barrier that surrounds the wheels of a vehicle to block splashing water or mud
wing	n.	an addition that extends a main building
wing	v.	travel through the air; be airborne
wingless	adj.	lacking wings
winglike	adj.	resembling a wing in shape or position
wingspan	n.	linear distance between the extremities of an airfoil
wingspread	n.	distance between the tips of the wings (as of a bird or insect) when fully extended
wingspread	n.	linear distance between the extremities of an airfoil
wink	n.	a very short time (as the time it takes the eye to blink or the heart to beat)
wink	n.	closing one eye quickly as a signal
wink	n.	a reflex that closes and opens the eyes rapidly
wink	v.	signal by winking
wink	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
wink	v.	briefly shut the eyes
wink	v.	force to go away by blinking
winker	n.	a person who winks
winker	n.	blind consisting of a leather eyepatch sewn to the side of the halter that prevents a horse from seeing something on either side
winkle	n.	small edible marine snail; steamed in wine or baked
winkle	n.	edible marine gastropod
winkle	v.	emit or reflect light in a flickering manner
winkle	v.	gleam or glow intermittently
winkle	v.	remove or displace from a position
winnebago	n.	a member of the Siouan-speaking people formerly living in eastern Wisconsin south of Green Bay; ally of the Menomini and enemy of the Fox and Sauk people
winnebago	n.	the Siouan language spoken by the Winnebago
winner	n.	the contestant who wins the contest
winner	n.	a gambler who wins a bet
winner	n.	a person with a record of successes
winning	n.	succeeding with great difficulty
winning	v.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious
winning	v.	win something through one's efforts
winning	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
winning	v.	attain success or reach a desired goal
winning	adj.	having won
winning	adj.	very attractive; capturing interest
winnipeg	n.	the capital and largest city of Manitoba; located in southern Manitoba; known for severe winters
winnipeg	n.	a lake in southern Canada in Manitoba
winnow	n.	the act of separating grain from chaff
winnow	v.	separate the chaff from by using air currents
winnow	v.	blow on
winnow	v.	select desirable parts from a group or list
winnow	v.	blow away or off with a current of air
wino	n.	a chronic drinker
winsome	adj.	charming in a childlike or naive way
winsomeness	n.	childlike charm or appeal
winter	n.	the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the winter solstice to the vernal equinox
winter	v.	spend the winter
wintergreen	n.	any of several evergreen perennials of the genus Pyrola
wintergreen	n.	creeping shrub of eastern North America having white bell-shaped flowers followed by spicy red berrylike fruit and shiny aromatic leaves that yield wintergreen oil
wintergreen	n.	spicy red berrylike fruit; source of wintergreen oil
winterize	v.	prepare for winter
winters	n.	the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the winter solstice to the vernal equinox
winters	v.	spend the winter
wintertime	n.	the coldest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the winter solstice to the vernal equinox
wintry	adj.	characteristic of or occurring in winter
wintry	adj.	devoid of warmth and cordiality; expressive of unfriendliness or disdain
winy	adj.	having the taste of wine
wipe	n.	the act of rubbing or wiping
wipe	v.	rub with a circular motion
wiper	n.	a worker who wipes
wiper	n.	contact consisting of a conducting arm that rotates over a series of fixed contacts and comes to rest on an outlet
wiper	n.	a mechanical device that cleans the windshield
wire	n.	ligament made of metal and used to fasten things or make cages or fences etc
wire	n.	a metal conductor that carries electricity over a distance
wire	n.	the finishing line on a racetrack
wire	n.	a message transmitted by telegraph
wire	v.	provide with electrical circuits
wire	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
wire	v.	fasten with wire
wire	v.	string on a wire
wire	v.	equip for use with electricity
wired	v.	provide with electrical circuits
wired	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
wired	v.	fasten with wire
wired	v.	string on a wire
wired	v.	equip for use with electricity
wired	adj.	equipped with wire or wires especially for electric or telephone service
wired	adj.	tense with excitement and enthusiasm as from a rush of adrenaline
wired	adj.	tied or bound with wire
wirehair	n.	a terrier with wiry hair
wireless	n.	medium for communication
wireless	n.	transmission by radio waves
wireless	n.	an electronic receiver that detects and demodulates and amplifies transmitted signals
wireless	n.	a communication system based on broadcasting electromagnetic waves
wireless	adj.	having no wires
wiretap	n.	the act of tapping a telephone or telegraph line to get information
wiretap	v.	tap a telephone or telegraph wire to get information
wiretapper	n.	someone who wiretaps a telephone or telegraph wire
wiriness	n.	the property of being lean and tough and sinewy
wiring	n.	a circuit of wires for the distribution of electricity
wiring	n.	the work of installing the wires for an electrical system or device
wiring	v.	provide with electrical circuits
wiring	v.	send cables, wires, or telegrams
wiring	v.	fasten with wire
wiring	v.	string on a wire
wiring	v.	equip for use with electricity
wiry	adj.	lean and sinewy
wiry	adj.	of or relating to wire
wiry	adj.	of hair that resembles wire in stiffness
wis	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States
wisconsin	n.	a tributary of the Mississippi River in Wisconsin
wisconsin	n.	a midwestern state in north central United States
wisconsinite	n.	a native or resident of Wisconsin
wisdom	n.	accumulated knowledge or erudition or enlightenment
wisdom	n.	the trait of utilizing knowledge and experience with common sense and insight
wisdom	n.	ability to apply knowledge or experience or understanding or common sense and insight
wisdom	n.	the quality of being prudent and sensible
wisdom	n.	an Apocryphal book consisting mainly of a meditation on wisdom; although ascribed to Solomon it was probably written in the first century BC
wise	n.	a way of doing or being
wise	n.	United States Jewish leader (born in Hungary) (1874-1949)
wise	n.	United States religious leader (born in Bohemia) who united reform Jewish organizations in the United States (1819-1900)
wise	adj.	having or prompted by wisdom or discernment
wise	adj.	marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practical matters
wise	adj.	evidencing the possession of inside information
wise	adj.	improperly forward or bold
wiseacre	n.	an upstart who makes conceited, sardonic, insolent comments
wisecrack	n.	witty remark
wisecrack	v.	make a comment, usually ironic
wish	n.	a specific feeling of desire
wish	n.	an expression of some desire or inclination
wish	n.	(usually plural) a polite expression of desire for someone's welfare
wish	n.	the particular preference that you have
wish	v.	hope for; have a wish
wish	v.	prefer or wish to do something
wish	v.	make or express a wish
wish	v.	feel or express a desire or hope concerning the future or fortune of
wish	v.	order politely; express a wish for
wish	v.	invoke upon
wishbone	n.	the furcula of a domestic fowl
wishful	adj.	having or expressing desire for something
wishful	adj.	desiring or striving for recognition or advancement
wisp	n.	a small tuft or lock
wisp	n.	a small person
wisp	n.	a small bundle of straw or hay
wisp	n.	a flock of snipe
wispy	adj.	thin and weak; - Edmund Wilson
wispy	adj.	lacking clarity or distinctness
wisteria	n.	any flowering vine of the genus Wisteria
wistful	adj.	showing pensive sadness
wistfulness	n.	a sadly pensive longing
wit	n.	a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
wit	n.	mental ability
wit	n.	a witty amusing person who makes jokes
witch	n.	a female sorcerer or magician
witch	n.	a being (usually female) imagined to have special powers derived from the devil
witch	n.	a believer in Wicca
witch	n.	an ugly evil-looking old woman
witch	v.	cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something
witchcraft	n.	the art of sorcery
witchery	n.	the art of sorcery
withal	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
withal	adv.	together with this
withdraw	v.	pull back or move away or backward
withdraw	v.	withdraw from active participation
withdraw	v.	release from something that holds fast, connects, or entangles
withdraw	v.	cause to be returned
withdraw	v.	take back what one has said
withdraw	v.	keep away from others
withdraw	v.	break from a meeting or gathering
withdraw	v.	retire gracefully
withdraw	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
withdraw	v.	lose interest
withdraw	v.	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity
withdraw	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
withdrawal	n.	a retraction of a previously held position
withdrawal	n.	the act of taking out money or other capital
withdrawal	n.	the act of withdrawing
withdrawal	n.	avoiding emotional involvement
withdrawal	n.	the act of withdrawing blood, tumors, etc.
withdrawal	n.	the act of ceasing to participate in an activity
withdrawal	n.	a method of birth control in which coitus is initiated but the penis is deliberately withdrawn before ejaculation
withdrawal	n.	formal separation from an alliance or federation
withdrawal	n.	the termination of drug taking
withdrawn	v.	pull back or move away or backward
withdrawn	v.	withdraw from active participation
withdrawn	v.	release from something that holds fast, connects, or entangles
withdrawn	v.	cause to be returned
withdrawn	v.	take back what one has said
withdrawn	v.	keep away from others
withdrawn	v.	break from a meeting or gathering
withdrawn	v.	retire gracefully
withdrawn	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
withdrawn	v.	lose interest
withdrawn	v.	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity
withdrawn	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
withdrawn	adj.	withdrawn from society; seeking solitude
withdrawn	adj.	tending to reserve or introspection
withdrew	v.	pull back or move away or backward
withdrew	v.	withdraw from active participation
withdrew	v.	release from something that holds fast, connects, or entangles
withdrew	v.	cause to be returned
withdrew	v.	take back what one has said
withdrew	v.	keep away from others
withdrew	v.	break from a meeting or gathering
withdrew	v.	retire gracefully
withdrew	v.	remove (a commodity) from (a supply source)
withdrew	v.	lose interest
withdrew	v.	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity
withdrew	v.	remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing, or taking off, or remove something abstract
withe	n.	band or rope made of twisted twigs or stems
withe	n.	strong flexible twig
wither	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
wither	v.	lose freshness, vigor, or vitality
withering	n.	any weakening or degeneration (especially through lack of use)
withering	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
withering	v.	lose freshness, vigor, or vitality
withering	adj.	wreaking or capable of wreaking complete destruction
withering	adj.	making light of; ; ; - W.S.Gilbert
withers	n.	the highest part of the back at the base of the neck of various animals especially draft animals
withers	v.	wither, as with a loss of moisture
withers	v.	lose freshness, vigor, or vitality
withheld	v.	hold back; refuse to hand over or share
withheld	v.	retain and refrain from disbursing; of payments
withhold	v.	hold back; refuse to hand over or share
withhold	v.	retain and refrain from disbursing; of payments
withholding	n.	the act of deducting from an employee's salary
withholding	n.	income tax withheld from employees' wages and paid directly to the government by the employer
withholding	n.	the act of holding back or keeping within your possession or control
withholding	v.	hold back; refuse to hand over or share
withholding	v.	retain and refrain from disbursing; of payments
within	adv.	on the inside
withstand	v.	resist or confront with resistance
withstand	v.	stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something
withstood	v.	resist or confront with resistance
withstood	v.	stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something
witless	adj.	(of especially persons) lacking sense or understanding or judgment
witness	n.	someone who sees an event and reports what happened
witness	n.	a close observer; someone who looks at something (such as an exhibition of some kind)
witness	n.	testimony by word or deed to your religious faith
witness	n.	(law) a person who attests to the genuineness of a document or signature by adding their own signature
witness	n.	(law) a person who testifies under oath in a court of law
witness	v.	be a witness to
witness	v.	perceive or be contemporaneous with
wits	n.	the basic human power of intelligent thought and perception
wits	n.	a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
wits	n.	mental ability
wits	n.	a witty amusing person who makes jokes
wittgenstein	n.	British philosopher born in Austria; a major influence on logic and logical positivism (1889-1951)
witticism	n.	a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
wittily	adv.	in a witty manner
wittiness	n.	a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evoke laughter
witting	adj.	aware or knowing
witting	adj.	intentionally conceived
witty	adj.	combining clever conception and facetious expression
witwatersrand	n.	a rocky region in the southern Transvaal in northeastern South Africa; contains rich gold deposits and coal and manganese
wive	v.	take (someone) as a wife
wive	v.	marry a woman, take a wife
wive	v.	provide with a wife; marry (someone) to a wife
wiz	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
wizard	n.	someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field
wizard	n.	one who practices magic or sorcery
wizard	adj.	possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers; ; ; ; - Shakespeare
wizardry	n.	exceptional creative ability
wizened	adj.	lean and wrinkled by shrinkage as from age or illness; ; ; ; -W.F.Starkie
wmd	n.	a weapon that kills or injures civilian as well as military personnel (nuclear and chemical and biological weapons)
wnw	n.	the compass point midway between west and northwest
woad	n.	a blue dyestuff obtained from the woad plant
woad	n.	any of several herbs of the genus Isatis
wobble	n.	an unsteady rocking motion
wobble	v.	move unsteadily
wobble	v.	move sideways or in an unsteady way
wobble	v.	tremble or shake
wobbly	n.	a member of the Industrial Workers of the World
wobbly	adj.	inclined to shake as from weakness or defect
wodehouse	n.	English writer known for his humorous novels and stories (1881-1975)
woe	n.	misery resulting from affliction
woe	n.	intense mournfulness
woebegone	adj.	worn and broken down by hard use
woebegone	adj.	affected by or full of grief or woe; - George du Maurier
woeful	adj.	affected by or full of grief or woe; - George du Maurier
woeful	adj.	of very poor quality or condition
woefulness	n.	intense mournfulness
wog	n.	(offensive British slang) term used by the British to refer to people of color from Africa or Asia
wok	n.	pan with a convex bottom; used for frying in Chinese cooking
woke	v.	be awake, be alert, be there
woke	v.	stop sleeping
woke	v.	arouse or excite feelings and passions
woke	v.	make aware of
woke	v.	cause to become awake or conscious
wold	n.	a tract of open rolling country (especially upland)
wolf	n.	any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America and Eurasia that usually hunt in packs
wolf	n.	Austrian composer (1860-1903)
wolf	n.	German classical scholar who claimed that the Iliad and Odyssey were composed by several authors (1759-1824)
wolf	n.	a man who is aggressive in making amorous advances to women
wolf	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
wolf	v.	eat hastily
wolfe	n.	United States writer who has written extensively on American culture (born in 1931)
wolfe	n.	United States writer best known for his autobiographical novels (1900-1938)
wolff	n.	German anatomist (1733-1794)
wolfhound	n.	the largest breed of dogs; formerly used to hunt wolves
wolfish	adj.	resembling or characteristic (or considered characteristic) of a wolf
wolfish	adj.	devouring or craving food in great quantities
wolfram	n.	a heavy grey-white metallic element; the pure form is used mainly in electrical applications; it is found in several ores including wolframite and scheelite
wollstonecraft	n.	English writer and early feminist who denied male supremacy and advocated equal education for women; mother of Mary Shelley (1759-1797)
wolverine	n.	a native or resident of Michigan
wolverine	n.	musteline mammal of northern Eurasia
wolverine	n.	stocky shaggy-coated North American carnivorous mammal
wolves	n.	any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America and Eurasia that usually hunt in packs
wolves	n.	Austrian composer (1860-1903)
wolves	n.	German classical scholar who claimed that the Iliad and Odyssey were composed by several authors (1759-1824)
wolves	n.	a man who is aggressive in making amorous advances to women
wolves	n.	a cruelly rapacious person
woman	n.	an adult female person (as opposed to a man)
woman	n.	a female person who plays a significant role (wife or mistress or girlfriend) in the life of a particular man
woman	n.	a human female employed to do housework
woman	n.	women as a class
womanhood	n.	the state of being an adult woman
womanhood	n.	women as a class
womanhood	n.	the status of a woman
womanish	adj.	having characteristics associated with women and considered undesirable in men
womanize	v.	have amorous affairs; of men
womanize	v.	to give a (more) feminine, effeminate, or womanly quality or appearance to
womanizer	n.	a man who likes many women and has short sexual relationships with them
womankind	n.	women as distinguished from men
womanlike	n.	the trait of being womanly; having the characteristics of an adult female
womanlike	adj.	resembling a woman
womanliness	n.	the trait of being womanly; having the characteristics of an adult female
womanly	adj.	befitting or characteristic of a woman especially a mature woman
womb	n.	a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the developing fetus
wombat	n.	burrowing herbivorous Australian marsupials about the size of a badger
women	n.	an adult female person (as opposed to a man)
women	n.	a female person who plays a significant role (wife or mistress or girlfriend) in the life of a particular man
women	n.	a human female employed to do housework
women	n.	women as a class
won	n.	the basic unit of money in South Korea
won	n.	the basic unit of money in North Korea
won	v.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious
won	v.	win something through one's efforts
won	v.	obtain advantages, such as points, etc.
won	v.	attain success or reach a desired goal
won	adj.	not subject to defeat
wonder	n.	the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising
wonder	n.	something that causes feelings of wonder
wonder	n.	a state in which you want to learn more about something
wonder	v.	have a wish or desire to know something
wonder	v.	place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
wonder	v.	be amazed at
wonderful	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
wonderfulness	n.	admirable excellence
wondering	v.	have a wish or desire to know something
wondering	v.	place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
wondering	v.	be amazed at
wondering	adj.	showing curiosity
wonderland	n.	a place or scene of great or strange beauty or wonder
wonderland	n.	an imaginary realm of marvels or wonders
wonderment	n.	the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising
wondrous	adj.	extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers
wondrous	adv.	(used as an intensifier) extremely well
wonk	n.	an insignificant student who is ridiculed as being affected or boringly studious
wonky	adj.	turned or twisted toward one side; - G.K.Chesterton
wonky	adj.	inclined to shake as from weakness or defect
wont	n.	an established custom
wonted	adj.	commonly used or practiced; usual
woo	v.	seek someone's favor
woo	v.	make amorous advances towards
wood	n.	the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees
wood	n.	the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area
wood	n.	United States film actress (1938-1981)
wood	n.	English conductor (1869-1944)
wood	n.	English writer of novels about murders and thefts and forgeries (1814-1887)
wood	n.	United States painter noted for works based on life in the Midwest (1892-1942)
wood	n.	any wind instrument other than the brass instruments
wood	n.	a golf club with a long shaft used to hit long shots; originally made with a wooden head
woodbine	n.	common North American vine with compound leaves and bluish-black berrylike fruit
woodbine	n.	European twining honeysuckle with fragrant red and yellow-white flowers
woodcarver	n.	makes decorative wooden panels
woodcarving	n.	a carving created by carving wood
woodchuck	n.	reddish brown North American marmot
woodcock	n.	game bird of the sandpiper family that resembles a snipe
woodcraft	n.	skill and experience in matters relating to the woods (as hunting or fishing or camping)
woodcraft	n.	skill in carving or fashioning objects from wood
woodcut	n.	a print made from a woodcut
woodcut	n.	engraving consisting of a block of wood with a design cut into it; used to make prints
woodcutter	n.	cuts down trees and chops wood as a job
wooden	adj.	made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood
wooden	adj.	lacking ease or grace
woodenness	n.	the quality of being wooden and awkward
woodhull	n.	United States advocate of women's suffrage; in 1872 she was the first woman to run for the United States presidency (1838-1927)
woodiness	n.	the quality of abounding in trees
woodiness	n.	texture produced by the fibers in wood
woodland	n.	land that is covered with trees and shrubs
woodlice	n.	any of various small terrestrial isopods having a flat elliptical segmented body; found in damp habitats
woodlouse	n.	any of various small terrestrial isopods having a flat elliptical segmented body; found in damp habitats
woodman	n.	someone who lives in the woods
woodman	n.	makes things out of wood
woodmen	n.	someone who lives in the woods
woodmen	n.	makes things out of wood
woodpecker	n.	bird with strong claws and a stiff tail adapted for climbing and a hard chisel-like bill for boring into wood for insects
woodpile	n.	a pile or stack of wood to be used for fuel
woods	n.	the trees and other plants in a large densely wooded area
woods	n.	the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees
woods	n.	United States film actress (1938-1981)
woods	n.	English conductor (1869-1944)
woods	n.	English writer of novels about murders and thefts and forgeries (1814-1887)
woods	n.	United States painter noted for works based on life in the Midwest (1892-1942)
woods	n.	any wind instrument other than the brass instruments
woods	n.	a golf club with a long shaft used to hit long shots; originally made with a wooden head
woodshed	n.	a shed for storing firewood or garden tools
woodsiness	n.	the quality of abounding in trees
woodsman	n.	someone who lives in the woods
woodsman	n.	makes things out of wood
woodsmen	n.	someone who lives in the woods
woodsmen	n.	makes things out of wood
woodsy	adj.	characteristic or suggestive of woods
woodsy	adj.	abounding in trees
woodward	n.	United States historian (1908-1999)
woodward	n.	United States chemist honored for synthesizing complex organic compounds (1917-1979)
woodwind	n.	any wind instrument other than the brass instruments
woodwork	n.	work made of wood; especially moldings or stairways or furniture
woodwork	n.	the craft of a carpenter: making things out of wood
woodworker	n.	makes things out of wood
woodworking	n.	the craft of a carpenter: making things out of wood
woodworm	n.	a larva of a woodborer
woody	adj.	made of or containing or resembling wood
woody	adj.	abounding in trees
woody	adj.	made hard like wood as the result of the deposition of lignin in the cell walls
wooer	n.	a man who courts a woman
woof	n.	the yarn woven across the warp yarn in weaving
woofer	n.	a loudspeaker that reproduces lower audio frequency sounds
wool	n.	a fabric made from the hair of sheep
wool	n.	fiber sheared from animals (such as sheep) and twisted into yarn for weaving
wool	n.	outer coat of especially sheep and yaks
woolen	n.	a fabric made from the hair of sheep
woolen	adj.	of or related to or made of wool
woolf	n.	English author whose work used such techniques as stream of consciousness and the interior monologue; prominent member of the Bloomsbury Group (1882-1941)
woolgathering	n.	an idle indulgence in fantasy
woolgathering	v.	have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy
woolgathering	adj.	dreamy in mood or nature
woolly	adj.	having a fluffy character or appearance
woolly	adj.	confused and vague; used especially of thinking
woolly	adj.	covered with dense often matted or curly hairs
woolly	adj.	covered with dense cottony hairs or hairlike filaments
woolworth	n.	United States businessman who opened a shop in 1879 selling low-priced goods and built it into a national chain of stores (1852-1919)
woozy	adj.	having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling
wop	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a person of Italian descent
worcester	n.	United States lexicographer who was accused of plagiarism by Noah Webster (1784-1865)
worcester	n.	an industrial and university city in central Massachusetts to the west of Boston
worcester	n.	a cathedral city in west central England on the River Severn
worcestershire	n.	a savory sauce of vinegar and soy sauce and spices
word	n.	a unit of language that native speakers can identify
word	n.	a brief statement
word	n.	information about recent and important events
word	n.	a verbal command for action
word	n.	an exchange of views on some topic
word	n.	a promise
word	n.	a word is a string of bits stored in computer memory
word	n.	the divine word of God; the second person in the Trinity (incarnate in Jesus)
word	n.	a secret word or phrase known only to a restricted group
word	n.	the sacred writings of the Christian religions
word	v.	put into words or an expression
wordbook	n.	a reference book containing words (usually with their meanings)
wordily	adv.	in a verbose manner
wordiness	n.	boring verbosity
wording	n.	the manner in which something is expressed in words; - G.S.Patton
wording	v.	put into words or an expression
wordless	adj.	expressed without speech; ; ; - Emily Dickinson; ; ; - Thomas Wolfe
wordplay	n.	a humorous play on words
wordsmith	n.	a fluent and prolific writer
wordsmiths	n.	a fluent and prolific writer
wordsworth	n.	a romantic English poet whose work was inspired by the Lake District where he spent most of his life (1770-1850)
wordy	adj.	using or containing too many words
wore	v.	be dressed in
wore	v.	have on one's person
wore	v.	have in one's aspect; wear an expression of one's attitude or personality
wore	v.	deteriorate through use or stress
wore	v.	have or show an appearance of
wore	v.	last and be usable
wore	v.	go to pieces
wore	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
wore	v.	put clothing on one's body
work	n.	activity directed toward making or doing something
work	n.	a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing
work	n.	the occupation for which you are paid
work	n.	applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading)
work	n.	(physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force
work	n.	a place where work is done
work	n.	the total output of a writer or artist (or a substantial part of it)
work	v.	exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity
work	v.	be employed
work	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
work	v.	perform as expected when applied
work	v.	shape, form, or improve a material
work	v.	give a workout to
work	v.	proceed along a path
work	v.	operate in a certain place, area, or specialty
work	v.	proceed towards a goal or along a path or through an activity
work	v.	move in an agitated manner
work	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
work	v.	cause to work
work	v.	prepare for crops
work	v.	behave in a certain way when handled
work	v.	have and exert influence or effect
work	v.	operate in or through
work	v.	cause to operate or function
work	v.	provoke or excite
work	v.	gratify and charm, usually in order to influence
work	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
work	v.	move into or onto
work	v.	make uniform
work	v.	use or manipulate to one's advantage
work	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
work	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
work	v.	go sour or spoil
work	v.	arrive at a certain condition through repeated motion
workable	adj.	capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are
workaday	adj.	found in the ordinary course of events; ; ; - Anita Diamant
workaholic	n.	person with a compulsive need to work
workbasket	n.	container for holding implements and materials for work (especially for sewing)
workbench	n.	a strong worktable for a carpenter or mechanic
workbook	n.	a student's book or booklet containing problems with spaces for solving them
workday	n.	a day on which work is done
workday	n.	the amount of time that a worker must work for an agreed daily wage
worker	n.	a person who works at a specific occupation
worker	n.	a member of the working class (not necessarily employed)
worker	n.	sterile member of a colony of social insects that forages for food and cares for the larvae
worker	n.	a person who acts and gets things done
workflow	n.	progress (or rate of progress) in work being done
workforce	n.	the force of workers available
workhorse	n.	machine that performs dependably under heavy use
workhorse	n.	a horse used for plowing and hauling and other heavy labor
workhouse	n.	a poorhouse where able-bodied poor are compelled to labor
workhouse	n.	a county jail that holds prisoners for periods up to 18 months
workingman	n.	an employee who performs manual or industrial labor
workingmen	n.	an employee who performs manual or industrial labor
workings	n.	the internal mechanism of a device
workings	n.	a mine or quarry that is being or has been worked
workload	n.	work that a person is expected to do in a specified time
workman	n.	an employee who performs manual or industrial labor
workmanlike	adj.	worthy of a good workman
workmanship	n.	skill in an occupation or trade
workmate	n.	a fellow worker
workmen	n.	an employee who performs manual or industrial labor
workout	n.	the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit
workplace	n.	a place where work is done
workroom	n.	room where work is done
works	n.	buildings for carrying on industrial labor
works	n.	everything available; usually preceded by `the'
works	n.	performance of moral or religious acts
works	n.	the internal mechanism of a device
works	n.	activity directed toward making or doing something
works	n.	a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing
works	n.	the occupation for which you are paid
works	n.	applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading)
works	n.	(physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force
works	n.	a place where work is done
works	n.	the total output of a writer or artist (or a substantial part of it)
works	v.	exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity
works	v.	be employed
works	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
works	v.	perform as expected when applied
works	v.	shape, form, or improve a material
works	v.	give a workout to
works	v.	proceed along a path
works	v.	operate in a certain place, area, or specialty
works	v.	proceed towards a goal or along a path or through an activity
works	v.	move in an agitated manner
works	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
works	v.	cause to work
works	v.	prepare for crops
works	v.	behave in a certain way when handled
works	v.	have and exert influence or effect
works	v.	operate in or through
works	v.	cause to operate or function
works	v.	provoke or excite
works	v.	gratify and charm, usually in order to influence
works	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
works	v.	move into or onto
works	v.	make uniform
works	v.	use or manipulate to one's advantage
works	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
works	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
works	v.	go sour or spoil
works	v.	arrive at a certain condition through repeated motion
worksheet	n.	a sheet of paper with multiple columns; used by an accountant to assemble figures for financial statements
worksheet	n.	a piece of paper recording work planned or done on a project
workshop	n.	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done
workshop	n.	a brief intensive course for a small group; emphasizes problem solving
workspace	n.	space allocated for your work (as in an office)
workstation	n.	a desktop digital computer that is conventionally considered to be more powerful than a microcomputer
worktable	n.	a table designed for a particular task
workweek	n.	hours or days of work in a calendar week
world	n.	everything that exists anywhere
world	n.	people in general; especially a distinctive group of people with some shared interest
world	n.	all of your experiences that determine how things appear to you
world	n.	the 3rd planet from the sun; the planet we live on
world	n.	people in general considered as a whole
world	n.	a part of the earth that can be considered separately
world	n.	the concerns of this life as distinguished from heaven and the afterlife
world	n.	all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
world	adj.	involving the entire earth; not limited or provincial in scope
worldlier	adj.	characteristic of or devoted to the temporal world as opposed to the spiritual world
worldlier	adj.	very sophisticated especially because of surfeit; versed in the ways of the world
worldliness	n.	the quality or character of being intellectually sophisticated and worldly through cultivation or experience or disillusionment
worldliness	n.	concern with worldly affairs to the neglect of spiritual needs
worldly	adj.	characteristic of or devoted to the temporal world as opposed to the spiritual world
worldly	adj.	very sophisticated especially because of surfeit; versed in the ways of the world
worldwide	adj.	spanning or extending throughout the entire world
worldwide	adj.	involving the entire earth; not limited or provincial in scope
worldwide	adj.	of worldwide scope or applicability; ; - Christopher Morley
worm	n.	any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of the phyla Annelida and Chaetognatha and Nematoda and Nemertea and Platyhelminthes; also many insect larvae
worm	n.	a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect
worm	n.	a software program capable of reproducing itself that can spread from one computer to the next over a network
worm	n.	screw thread on a gear with the teeth of a worm wheel or rack
worm	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
wormhole	n.	hole made by a burrowing worm
worms	n.	any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of the phyla Annelida and Chaetognatha and Nematoda and Nemertea and Platyhelminthes; also many insect larvae
worms	n.	a person who has a nasty or unethical character undeserving of respect
worms	n.	a software program capable of reproducing itself that can spread from one computer to the next over a network
worms	n.	screw thread on a gear with the teeth of a worm wheel or rack
worms	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
wormwood	n.	any of several low composite herbs of the genera Artemisia or Seriphidium
wormy	adj.	infested with or damaged (as if eaten) by worms
wormy	adj.	totally submissive
worn	v.	be dressed in
worn	v.	have on one's person
worn	v.	have in one's aspect; wear an expression of one's attitude or personality
worn	v.	deteriorate through use or stress
worn	v.	have or show an appearance of
worn	v.	last and be usable
worn	v.	go to pieces
worn	v.	exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress
worn	v.	put clothing on one's body
worn	adj.	affected by wear; damaged by long use
worn	adj.	showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; ; ; ; - Charles Dickens
worried	v.	be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled, or uneasy
worried	v.	be concerned with
worried	v.	disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress
worried	v.	be on the mind of
worried	v.	lacerate by biting
worried	v.	touch or rub constantly
worried	adj.	afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness or trouble or grief
worried	adj.	mentally upset over possible misfortune or danger etc
worrier	n.	thinks about unfortunate things that might happen
worriment	n.	a difficulty that causes anxiety
worrisome	adj.	not reassuring; tending to cause anxiety
worrisome	adj.	causing distress or worry or anxiety
worry	n.	something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness
worry	n.	a strong feeling of anxiety
worry	v.	be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled, or uneasy
worry	v.	be concerned with
worry	v.	disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress
worry	v.	be on the mind of
worry	v.	lacerate by biting
worry	v.	touch or rub constantly
worrying	n.	the act of harassing someone
worrying	n.	the act of moving something by repeated tugs or pushes
worrying	v.	be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled, or uneasy
worrying	v.	be concerned with
worrying	v.	disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress
worrying	v.	be on the mind of
worrying	v.	lacerate by biting
worrying	v.	touch or rub constantly
worrying	adj.	causing distress or worry or anxiety
worrywart	n.	thinks about unfortunate things that might happen
worse	n.	something inferior in quality or condition or effect
worse	adj.	(comparative of `bad') inferior to another in quality or condition or desirability
worse	adj.	changed for the worse in health or fitness
worse	adj.	having undesirable or negative qualities
worse	adj.	very intense
worse	adj.	feeling physical discomfort or pain (`tough' is occasionally used colloquially for `bad')
worse	adj.	(of foodstuffs) not in an edible or usable condition
worse	adj.	feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
worse	adj.	not capable of being collected
worse	adj.	below average in quality or performance
worse	adj.	nonstandard
worse	adj.	not financially safe or secure
worse	adj.	physically unsound or diseased
worse	adj.	capable of harming
worse	adj.	characterized by wickedness or immorality
worse	adj.	reproduced fraudulently
worse	adj.	not working properly
worse	adv.	(comparative of `ill') in a less effective or successful or desirable manner
worsen	v.	grow worse
worsen	v.	make worse
worship	n.	the activity of worshipping
worship	n.	a feeling of profound love and admiration
worship	v.	love unquestioningly and uncritically or to excess; venerate as an idol
worship	v.	show devotion to (a deity)
worship	v.	attend religious services
worshiper	n.	someone who admires too much to recognize faults
worshiper	n.	a person who has religious faith
worshipful	adj.	showing adoration
worshipful	adj.	showing great reverence for god
worst	n.	the least favorable outcome
worst	n.	the greatest damage or wickedness of which one is capable
worst	n.	the weakest effort or poorest achievement one is capable of
worst	v.	defeat thoroughly
worst	adj.	(superlative of `bad') most wanting in quality or value or condition
worst	adj.	having undesirable or negative qualities
worst	adj.	very intense
worst	adj.	feeling physical discomfort or pain (`tough' is occasionally used colloquially for `bad')
worst	adj.	(of foodstuffs) not in an edible or usable condition
worst	adj.	feeling or expressing regret or sorrow or a sense of loss over something done or undone
worst	adj.	not capable of being collected
worst	adj.	below average in quality or performance
worst	adj.	nonstandard
worst	adj.	not financially safe or secure
worst	adj.	physically unsound or diseased
worst	adj.	capable of harming
worst	adj.	characterized by wickedness or immorality
worst	adj.	reproduced fraudulently
worst	adj.	not working properly
worst	adv.	to the highest degree of inferiority or badness
worsted	n.	a woolen fabric with a hard textured surface and no nap; woven of worsted yarns
worsted	n.	a tightly twisted woolen yarn spun from long-staple wool
worsted	v.	defeat thoroughly
wort	n.	usually used in combination: `liverwort'; `milkwort'; `whorlywort'
wort	n.	unfermented or fermenting malt
worth	n.	an indefinite quantity of something having a specified value
worth	n.	the quality that renders something desirable or valuable or useful
worth	n.	French couturier (born in England) regarded as the founder of Parisian haute couture; noted for introducing the bustle (1825-1895)
worth	adj.	worthy of being treated in a particular way; ;  (often used ironically)
worth	adj.	having a specified value
worthies	n.	an important, honorable person (word is often used humorously)
worthily	adv.	in a worthy manner; with worthiness
worthiness	n.	the quality or state of having merit or value
worthless	adj.	lacking in usefulness or value
worthless	adj.	morally reprehensible
worthlessness	n.	having no qualities that would render it valuable or useful
worthlessness	n.	the quality of being without practical use
worthwhile	adj.	sufficiently valuable to justify the investment of time or interest
worthy	n.	an important, honorable person (word is often used humorously)
worthy	adj.	having worth or merit or value; being honorable or admirable
worthy	adj.	worthy of being chosen especially as a spouse
worthy	adj.	having qualities or abilities that merit recognition in some way
wotan	n.	supreme Teutonic god; counterpart of Norse Odin and Anglo-Saxon Woden
wound	n.	an injury to living tissue (especially an injury involving a cut or break in the skin)
wound	n.	a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat
wound	n.	a figurative injury (to your feelings or pride); ; ; --Robert Frost
wound	n.	the act of inflicting a wound
wound	v.	cause injuries or bodily harm to
wound	v.	hurt the feelings of
wound	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
wound	v.	extend in curves and turns
wound	v.	arrange or or coil around
wound	v.	catch the scent of; get wind of
wound	v.	coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem
wound	v.	form into a wreath
wound	v.	raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help
wound	adj.	put in a coil
wove	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
wove	v.	create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton
wove	v.	sway to and fro
wove	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
woven	v.	interlace by or as if by weaving
woven	v.	create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton
woven	v.	sway to and fro
woven	v.	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
woven	adj.	made or constructed by interlacing threads or strips of material or other elements into a whole
wow	n.	a joke that seems extremely funny
wow	v.	impress greatly
wpm	n.	the rate at which words are produced (as in speaking or typing)
wrack	n.	dried seaweed especially that cast ashore
wrack	n.	the destruction or collapse of something
wrack	n.	growth of marine vegetation especially of the large forms such as rockweeds and kelp
wrack	v.	smash or break forcefully
wraith	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
wraiths	n.	a mental representation of some haunting experience
wrangle	n.	an angry dispute
wrangle	n.	an instance of intense argument (as in bargaining)
wrangle	v.	to quarrel noisily, angrily or disruptively
wrangle	v.	herd and care for
wrangler	n.	someone who argues noisily or angrily
wrangler	n.	a cowboy who takes care of the saddle horses
wrap	n.	cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person
wrap	n.	a sandwich in which the filling is rolled up in a soft tortilla
wrap	n.	the covering (usually paper or cellophane) in which something is wrapped
wrap	v.	arrange or fold as a cover or protection
wrap	v.	arrange or or coil around
wrap	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
wrap	v.	crash into so as to coil around
wraparound	n.	a garment (as a dress or coat) with a full length opening; adjusts to the body by wrapping around
wrapped	v.	arrange or fold as a cover or protection
wrapped	v.	arrange or or coil around
wrapped	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
wrapped	v.	crash into so as to coil around
wrapped	adj.	covered with or as if with clothes or a wrap or cloak
wrapped	adj.	giving or marked by complete attention to; ; ; - Walter de la Mare
wrapped	adj.	enclosed securely in a covering of paper or the like
wrapper	n.	a loose dressing gown for women
wrapper	n.	the covering (usually paper or cellophane) in which something is wrapped
wrapper	n.	cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person
wrapping	n.	the covering (usually paper or cellophane) in which something is wrapped
wrapping	n.	an enveloping bandage
wrapping	v.	arrange or fold as a cover or protection
wrapping	v.	arrange or or coil around
wrapping	v.	enclose or enfold completely with or as if with a covering
wrapping	v.	crash into so as to coil around
wrasse	n.	chiefly tropical marine fishes with fleshy lips and powerful teeth; usually brightly colored
wrath	n.	intense anger (usually on an epic scale)
wrath	n.	belligerence aroused by a real or supposed wrong (personified as one of the deadly sins)
wrathful	adj.	vehemently incensed and condemnatory
wreak	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
wreath	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
wreathe	v.	move with slow, sinuous movements
wreathe	v.	decorate or deck with wreaths
wreathe	v.	form into a wreath
wreaths	n.	flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes
wreck	n.	something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation
wreck	n.	an accident that destroys a ship at sea
wreck	n.	a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles)
wreck	n.	a ship that has been destroyed at sea
wreck	v.	smash or break forcefully
wreckage	n.	the remaining parts of something that has been wrecked
wrecker	n.	someone who demolishes or dismantles buildings as a job
wrecker	n.	someone who commits sabotage or deliberately causes wrecks
wrecker	n.	a truck equipped to hoist and pull wrecked cars (or to remove cars from no-parking zones)
wren	n.	English architect who designed more than fifty London churches (1632-1723)
wren	n.	any of several small active brown birds of the northern hemisphere with short upright tails; they feed on insects
wrench	n.	a sharp strain on muscles or ligaments
wrench	n.	a jerky pulling movement
wrench	n.	a hand tool that is used to hold or twist a nut or bolt
wrench	v.	twist or pull violently or suddenly, especially so as to remove (something) from that to which it is attached or from where it originates
wrench	v.	make a sudden twisting motion
wrench	v.	twist and compress, as if in pain or anguish
wrench	v.	twist suddenly so as to sprain
wrest	v.	obtain by seizing forcibly or violently, also metaphorically
wrestle	n.	the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat
wrestle	v.	combat to overcome an opposing tendency or force
wrestle	v.	engage in deep thought, consideration, or debate
wrestle	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
wrestle	v.	engage in a wrestling match
wrestler	n.	combatant who tries to throw opponent to the ground
wrestling	n.	the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat
wrestling	n.	the sport of hand-to-hand struggle between unarmed contestants who try to throw each other down
wrestling	v.	combat to overcome an opposing tendency or force
wrestling	v.	engage in deep thought, consideration, or debate
wrestling	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
wrestling	v.	engage in a wrestling match
wretch	n.	performs some wicked deed
wretch	n.	someone you feel sorry for
wretched	adj.	of very poor quality or condition
wretched	adj.	characterized by physical misery
wretched	adj.	very unhappy; full of misery
wretched	adj.	morally reprehensible
wretched	adj.	deserving or inciting pity; ; ; - Galsworthy
wretchedness	n.	a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune
wretchedness	n.	the character of being uncomfortable and unpleasant
wretchedness	n.	the quality of being poor and inferior and sorry
wriggle	n.	the act of wiggling
wriggle	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
wriggler	n.	one who can't stay still (especially a child)
wriggler	n.	larva of a mosquito
wriggly	adj.	moving in a twisting or snake-like or wormlike fashion
wright	n.	United States writer of detective novels (1888-1939)
wright	n.	United States writer whose work is concerned with the oppression of African Americans (1908-1960)
wright	n.	United States aviation pioneer who (with his brother Orville Wright) invented the airplane (1867-1912)
wright	n.	United States aviation pioneer who (with his brother Wilbur Wright) invented the airplane (1871-1948)
wright	n.	influential United States architect (1869-1959)
wright	n.	United States early feminist (born in Scotland) (1795-1852)
wright	n.	someone who makes or repairs something (usually used in combination)
wring	n.	a twisting squeeze
wring	v.	twist and press out of shape
wring	v.	twist and compress, as if in pain or anguish
wring	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
wring	v.	twist, squeeze, or compress in order to extract liquid
wringer	n.	a clothes dryer consisting of two rollers between which the wet clothes are squeezed
wrinkle	n.	a slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
wrinkle	n.	a minor difficulty
wrinkle	n.	a clever method of doing something (especially something new and different)
wrinkle	v.	gather or contract into wrinkles or folds; pucker
wrinkle	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
wrinkle	v.	make wrinkled or creased
wrinkle	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
wrinkled	v.	gather or contract into wrinkles or folds; pucker
wrinkled	v.	make wrinkles or creases on a smooth surface; make a pressed, folded or wrinkled line in
wrinkled	v.	make wrinkled or creased
wrinkled	v.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased
wrinkled	adj.	marked by wrinkles
wrinkled	adj.	(of linens or clothes) not ironed
wrinkly	adj.	marked by wrinkles
wrist	n.	a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal bones
wristband	n.	band consisting of a part of a sleeve that covers the wrist
wristband	n.	a band of cloth or leather or metal links attached to a wristwatch and wrapped around the wrist
wristwatch	n.	a watch that is worn strapped to the wrist
writ	n.	(law) a legal document issued by a court or judicial officer
write	v.	produce a literary work
write	v.	communicate or express by writing
write	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
write	v.	communicate (with) in writing
write	v.	communicate by letter
write	v.	write music
write	v.	mark or trace on a surface
write	v.	record data on a computer
write	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
write	v.	create code, write a computer program
writer	n.	writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay)
writer	n.	a person who is able to write and has written something
writhe	v.	to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)
writing	n.	the act of creating written works
writing	n.	the work of a writer; anything expressed in letters of the alphabet (especially when considered from the point of view of style and effect)
writing	n.	(usually plural) the collected work of an author
writing	n.	letters or symbols that are written or imprinted on a surface to represent the sounds or words of a language
writing	n.	the activity of putting something in written form
writing	v.	produce a literary work
writing	v.	communicate or express by writing
writing	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
writing	v.	communicate (with) in writing
writing	v.	communicate by letter
writing	v.	write music
writing	v.	mark or trace on a surface
writing	v.	record data on a computer
writing	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
writing	v.	create code, write a computer program
written	v.	produce a literary work
written	v.	communicate or express by writing
written	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
written	v.	communicate (with) in writing
written	v.	communicate by letter
written	v.	write music
written	v.	mark or trace on a surface
written	v.	record data on a computer
written	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
written	v.	create code, write a computer program
written	adj.	set down in writing in any of various ways
written	adj.	systematically collected and written down
written	adj.	written as for a film or play or broadcast
wroclaw	n.	a city in southwestern Poland on the Oder
wrong	n.	that which is contrary to the principles of justice or law
wrong	n.	any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right
wrong	v.	treat unjustly; do wrong to
wrong	adj.	not correct; not in conformity with fact or truth
wrong	adj.	contrary to conscience or morality or law
wrong	adj.	not appropriate for a purpose or occasion
wrong	adj.	not functioning properly
wrong	adj.	based on or acting or judging in error
wrong	adj.	not in accord with established usage or procedure
wrong	adj.	used of the side of cloth or clothing intended to face inward
wrong	adj.	badly timed
wrong	adj.	characterized by errors; not agreeing with a model or not following established rules; ; ; the wrong side of the road"
wrong	adv.	in an inaccurate manner
wrongdoer	n.	a person who transgresses moral or civil law
wrongdoing	n.	departure from what is ethically acceptable
wrongdoing	n.	activity that transgresses moral or civil law
wrongful	adj.	having no legally established claim
wrongful	adj.	unlawfully violating the rights of others
wrongful	adj.	not just or fair
wrongfulness	n.	that which is contrary to the principles of justice or law
wrongheaded	adj.	obstinately perverse in judgment or opinion
wrongness	n.	inappropriate conduct
wrongness	n.	contrary to conscience or morality
wrongness	n.	the quality of not conforming to fact or truth
wrote	v.	produce a literary work
wrote	v.	communicate or express by writing
wrote	v.	have (one's written work) issued for publication
wrote	v.	communicate (with) in writing
wrote	v.	communicate by letter
wrote	v.	write music
wrote	v.	mark or trace on a surface
wrote	v.	record data on a computer
wrote	v.	write or name the letters that comprise the conventionally accepted form of (a word or part of a word)
wrote	v.	create code, write a computer program
wroth	adj.	vehemently incensed and condemnatory
wrought	v.	exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity
wrought	v.	be employed
wrought	v.	have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected
wrought	v.	perform as expected when applied
wrought	v.	shape, form, or improve a material
wrought	v.	give a workout to
wrought	v.	proceed along a path
wrought	v.	operate in a certain place, area, or specialty
wrought	v.	proceed towards a goal or along a path or through an activity
wrought	v.	move in an agitated manner
wrought	v.	cause to happen or to occur as a consequence
wrought	v.	cause to work
wrought	v.	prepare for crops
wrought	v.	behave in a certain way when handled
wrought	v.	have and exert influence or effect
wrought	v.	operate in or through
wrought	v.	cause to operate or function
wrought	v.	provoke or excite
wrought	v.	gratify and charm, usually in order to influence
wrought	v.	make something, usually for a specific function
wrought	v.	move into or onto
wrought	v.	make uniform
wrought	v.	use or manipulate to one's advantage
wrought	v.	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of
wrought	v.	cause to undergo fermentation
wrought	v.	go sour or spoil
wrought	v.	arrive at a certain condition through repeated motion
wrought	adj.	shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass (as by work or effort)
wrung	v.	twist and press out of shape
wrung	v.	twist and compress, as if in pain or anguish
wrung	v.	obtain by coercion or intimidation
wrung	v.	twist, squeeze, or compress in order to extract liquid
wry	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
wry	adj.	bent to one side
wryer	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
wryer	adj.	bent to one side
wryest	adj.	humorously sarcastic or mocking
wryest	adj.	bent to one side
wsw	n.	the compass point midway between west and southwest
wto	n.	an international organization based in Geneva that monitors and enforces rules governing global trade
wu	n.	a dialect of Chinese spoken in the Yangtze delta
wuhan	n.	a city of central China on the Chang Jiang; the commercial and industrial center of central China
wurlitzer	n.	United States businessman (born in German) who founded a company to make pipe organs (1831-1914)
wuss	n.	a person who is physically weak and ineffectual
wv	n.	a state in east central United States
www	n.	computer network consisting of a collection of internet sites that offer text and graphics and sound and animation resources through the hypertext transfer protocol
wy	n.	a state in the western United States; mountainous in the west and north with the Great Plains in the east
wyatt	n.	English architect (1746-1813)
wyatt	n.	English poet who introduced the sonnet form to English literature (1503-1542)
wycherley	n.	English playwright noted for his humorous and satirical plays (1640-1716)
wycliffe	n.	English theologian whose objections to Roman Catholic doctrine anticipated the Protestant Reformation (1328-1384)
wyeth	n.	United States painter (born in 1917)
wylie	n.	United States poet (1885-1928)
wyoming	n.	a state in the western United States; mountainous in the west and north with the Great Plains in the east
wyomingite	n.	a native or resident of Wyoming
wysiwyg	adj.	relating to or being a word processing system that prints the text exactly as it appears on the computer screen
x	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system
x	n.	the 24th letter of the Roman alphabet
x	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
x	adj.	being one more than nine
xavier	n.	Spanish missionary and Jesuit who establish missionaries in Japan and Ceylon and the East Indies (1506-1552)
xci	adj.	being one more than ninety
xcii	adj.	being two more than ninety
xciv	adj.	being four more than ninety
xcvi	adj.	being six more than ninety
xcvii	adj.	being seven more than ninety
xe	n.	a colorless odorless inert gaseous element occurring in the earth's atmosphere in trace amounts
xenon	n.	a colorless odorless inert gaseous element occurring in the earth's atmosphere in trace amounts
xenophobia	n.	a fear of foreigners or strangers
xenophobic	adj.	suffering from xenophobia; having abnormal fear or hatred of the strange or foreign
xenophon	n.	Greek general and historian; student of Socrates (430-355 BC)
xerographic	adj.	of or relating to xerography
xerography	n.	forming an image by the action of light on a specially coated charged plate; the latent image is developed with powders that adhere only to electrically charged areas
xerox	n.	a copy made by a xerographic printer
xerox	n.	a duplicator (trade mark Xerox) that copies graphic matter by the action of light on an electrically charged photoconductive insulating surface in which the latent image is developed with a resinous powder
xerox	v.	reproduce by xerography
xhosa	n.	a member of the Negroid people of southern South Africa
xhosa	n.	a community of Negroid people in southern South Africa
xhosa	n.	a Bantu language closely related to Zulu
xi	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one
xi	n.	the 14th letter of the Greek alphabet
xi	adj.	being one more than ten
xian	n.	a city of central China; capital of ancient Chinese empire 221-206 BC
xii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
xii	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units
xiii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twelve and one
xiii	adj.	being one more than twelve
xinjiang	n.	an autonomous province in far northwestern China on the border with Mongolia and Kazakhstan; the largest province in the People's Republic of China and the homeland of the Uighur people
xiv	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one
xiv	adj.	being one more than thirteen
xix	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of eighteen and one
xix	adj.	being one more than eighteen
xizang	n.	an autonomous region of the Peoples Republic of China; located in the Himalayas
xl	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and four
xl	adj.	being ten more than thirty
xmas	n.	a Christian holiday celebrating the birth of Christ; a quarter day in England, Wales, and Ireland
xs	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and one; the base of the decimal system
xs	n.	the 24th letter of the Roman alphabet
xs	n.	street names for methylenedioxymethamphetamine
xv	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one
xv	adj.	being one more than fourteen
xvi	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one
xvi	adj.	being one more than fifteen
xvii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of sixteen and one
xvii	adj.	being one more than sixteen
xviii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one
xviii	adj.	being one more than seventeen
xx	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one
xx	n.	(genetics) normal complement of sex chromosomes in a female
xx	adj.	denoting a quantity consisting of 20 items or units
xxi	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty and one
xxi	adj.	being one more than twenty
xxii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-one and one
xxii	adj.	being two more than twenty
xxiii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-two and one
xxiii	adj.	being three more than twenty
xxiv	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-three and one
xxiv	adj.	being four more than twenty
xxix	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-eight and one
xxix	adj.	being nine more than twenty
xxv	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-four and one
xxv	adj.	being five more than twenty
xxvi	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-five and one
xxvi	adj.	being six more than twenty
xxvii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-six and one
xxvii	adj.	being seven more than twenty
xxviii	n.	the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-seven and one
xxviii	adj.	being eight more than twenty
xxx	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three
xxx	n.	(genetics) abnormal complement of three X chromosomes in a female
xxx	adj.	being ten more than twenty
xxxi	adj.	being one more than thirty
xxxii	adj.	being two more than thirty
xxxiii	adj.	being three more than thirty
xxxiv	adj.	being four more than thirty
xxxv	adj.	being five more than thirty
xxxvi	adj.	being six more than thirty
xxxvii	adj.	being seven more than thirty
xxxviii	adj.	being eight more than thirty
xylem	n.	the woody part of plants: the supporting and water-conducting tissue, consisting primarily of tracheids and vessels
xylene	n.	a colorless flammable volatile liquid hydrocarbon used as a solvent
xylophone	n.	a percussion instrument with wooden bars tuned to produce a chromatic scale and with resonators; played with small mallets
xylophonist	n.	someone who plays a xylophone
y	n.	a silvery metallic element that is common in rare-earth minerals; used in magnesium and aluminum alloys
y	n.	the 25th letter of the Roman alphabet
yacht	n.	an expensive vessel propelled by sail or power and used for cruising or racing
yacht	v.	travel in a yacht
yachting	n.	water travel for pleasure
yachting	v.	travel in a yacht
yachtsman	n.	a person who owns or sails a yacht
yachtsmen	n.	a person who owns or sails a yacht
yachtswoman	n.	a person who owns or sails a yacht
yachtswomen	n.	a person who owns or sails a yacht
yahoo	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
yahoo	n.	one of a race of brutes resembling men but subject to the Houyhnhnms in a novel by Jonathan Swift
yahoo	n.	a widely used search engine for the web that finds information, news, images, products, finance
yahweh	n.	a name for the God of the Old Testament as transliterated from the Hebrew consonants YHVH
yak	n.	noisy talk
yak	n.	large long-haired wild ox of Tibet often domesticated
yak	v.	talk profusely
yakima	n.	a town in south central Washington
yakked	v.	talk profusely
yakking	v.	talk profusely
yakut	n.	a member of a Turkic people of northeastern Siberia (mainly in the Lena river basin)
yakut	n.	the Turkic language spoken by the Yakut
yale	n.	a university in Connecticut
yale	n.	English philanthropist who made contributions to a college in Connecticut that was renamed in his honor (1649-1721)
yalta	n.	a resort city in Crimea in the southern Ukraine on the Black Sea; site of the Allied conference between Roosevelt, Stalin, and Churchill in February 1945
yalu	n.	river in eastern Asia; rises in North Korea and flows southwest to Korea Bay (forming part of the border between North Korea and China)
yam	n.	edible tuber of any of several yams
yam	n.	any of a number of tropical vines of the genus Dioscorea many having edible tuberous roots
yam	n.	sweet potato with deep orange flesh that remains moist when baked
yam	n.	edible tuberous root of various yam plants of the genus Dioscorea grown in the tropics world-wide for food
yammer	v.	cry loudly, as of animals
yammer	v.	complain whiningly
yang	n.	the bright positive masculine principle in Chinese dualistic cosmology
yangon	n.	the capital and largest city of Myanmar; located in the south near the Irrawaddy river delta
yangtze	n.	the longest river of Asia; flows eastward from Tibet into the East China Sea near Shanghai
yank	n.	an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War)
yank	n.	an American (especially to non-Americans)
yank	v.	pull, or move with a sudden movement
yankee	n.	an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War)
yankee	n.	an American who lives in New England
yankee	n.	an American (especially to non-Americans)
yankee	adj.	used by Southerners for an inhabitant of a northern state in the United States (especially a Union soldier)
yaounde	n.	the capital of Cameroon
yap	n.	informal terms for the mouth
yap	v.	bark in a high-pitched tone
yapped	v.	bark in a high-pitched tone
yapping	v.	bark in a high-pitched tone
yard	n.	a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally taken to be the average length of a stride
yard	n.	the enclosed land around a house or other building
yard	n.	a tract of land enclosed for particular activities (sometimes paved and usually associated with buildings)
yard	n.	the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100
yard	n.	a unit of volume (as for sand or gravel)
yard	n.	a tract of land where logs are accumulated
yard	n.	an area having a network of railway tracks and sidings for storage and maintenance of cars and engines
yard	n.	a long horizontal spar tapered at the end and used to support and spread a square sail or lateen
yard	n.	an enclosure for animals (as chicken or livestock)
yardage	n.	distance measured in the aggregate number of yards
yardarm	n.	either end of the yard of a square-rigged ship
yardman	n.	worker in a railway yard
yardman	n.	a laborer hired to do outdoor work (such as mowing lawns)
yardmaster	n.	a railroad employer who is in charge of a railway yard
yardmen	n.	worker in a railway yard
yardmen	n.	a laborer hired to do outdoor work (such as mowing lawns)
yardstick	n.	a measure or standard used for comparison
yardstick	n.	a ruler or tape that is three feet long
yarmulke	n.	a skullcap worn by religious Jews (especially at prayer)
yarn	n.	the act of giving an account describing incidents or a course of events
yarn	n.	a fine cord of twisted fibers (of cotton or silk or wool or nylon etc.) used in sewing and weaving
yarn	v.	tell or spin a yarn
yarrow	n.	ubiquitous strong-scented mat-forming Eurasian herb of wasteland, hedgerow or pasture having narrow serrate leaves and small usually white florets; widely naturalized in North America
yashmak	n.	the face veil worn by Muslim women
yaw	n.	an erratic deflection from an intended course
yaw	v.	be wide open
yaw	v.	deviate erratically from a set course
yaw	v.	swerve off course momentarily
yawl	n.	a ship's small boat (usually rowed by 4 or 6 oars)
yawl	n.	a sailing vessel with two masts; a small mizzen is aft of the rudderpost
yawl	v.	emit long loud cries
yawn	n.	an involuntary intake of breath through a wide open mouth; usually triggered by fatigue or boredom
yawn	v.	utter a yawn, as from lack of oxygen or when one is tired
yawn	v.	be wide open
yawner	n.	a person who yawns
yaws	n.	an infectious tropical disease resembling syphilis in its early stages; marked by red skin eruptions and ulcerating lesions
yaws	n.	an erratic deflection from an intended course
yaws	v.	be wide open
yaws	v.	deviate erratically from a set course
yaws	v.	swerve off course momentarily
yb	n.	a soft silvery metallic element; a rare earth of the lanthanide series; it occurs in gadolinite and monazite and xenotime
yb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 zettabits or 10^24 bits
yb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1000 zettabytes or 10^24 bytes
yb	n.	a unit of information equal to 1024 zebibytes or 2^80 bytes
yea	n.	an affirmative
yea	adv.	not only so, but
yeah	adv.	not only so, but
year	n.	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days
year	n.	a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar year that is used for some particular activity
year	n.	the period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun
year	n.	a body of students who graduate together
yearbook	n.	a book published annually by the graduating class of a high school or college usually containing photographs of faculty and graduating students
yearbook	n.	a reference book that is published regularly once every year
yearling	n.	a young child
yearling	n.	a racehorse considered one year old until the second Jan. 1 following its birth
yearling	n.	an animal in its second year
yearlong	adj.	lasting through a year
yearly	n.	a reference book that is published regularly once every year
yearly	adj.	occurring or payable every year
yearly	adv.	without missing a year
yearn	v.	desire strongly or persistently
yearn	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
yearn	v.	have affection for; feel tenderness for
yearning	n.	prolonged unfulfilled desire or need
yearning	v.	desire strongly or persistently
yearning	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
yearning	v.	have affection for; feel tenderness for
yeast	n.	a commercial leavening agent containing yeast cells; used to raise the dough in making bread and for fermenting beer or whiskey
yeast	n.	any of various single-celled fungi that reproduce asexually by budding or division
yeasty	adj.	of or resembling or containing yeast
yeasty	adj.	marked by spirited enjoyment
yeasty	adj.	exuberantly creative
yeats	n.	Irish poet and dramatist (1865-1939)
yell	n.	a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition
yell	n.	a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate)
yell	v.	utter a sudden loud cry
yell	v.	utter or declare in a very loud voice
yellow	n.	yellow color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of sunflowers or ripe lemons
yellow	v.	turn yellow
yellow	adj.	of the color intermediate between green and orange in the color spectrum; of something resembling the color of an egg yolk
yellow	adj.	easily frightened
yellow	adj.	changed to a yellowish color by age
yellow	adj.	typical of tabloids
yellow	adj.	cowardly or treacherous; -M.W.Straight
yellow	adj.	affected by jaundice which causes yellowing of skin etc
yellowhammer	n.	large flicker of eastern North America with a red neck and yellow undersurface to wings and tail
yellowhammer	n.	European bunting the male being bright yellow
yellowish	adj.	of the color intermediate between green and orange in the color spectrum; of something resembling the color of an egg yolk
yellowknife	n.	a town in the Northwest Territories in northern Canada on the Great Slave Lake
yellowness	n.	yellow color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of sunflowers or ripe lemons
yellowstone	n.	a tributary of the Missouri River that flows through the Yellowstone National Park
yelp	n.	a sharp high-pitched cry (especially by a dog)
yelp	v.	bark in a high-pitched tone
yemen	n.	a republic on the southwestern shores of the Arabian Peninsula on the Indian Ocean; formed in 1990
yemeni	n.	a native or inhabitant of Yemen
yemeni	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Yemen or its inhabitants
yen	n.	a yearning for something or to do something
yen	n.	the basic unit of money in Japan; equal to 100 sen
yen	v.	have a desire for something or someone who is not present
yenisei	n.	a Russian river in Siberia; rises in mountains near the Mongolian border and flows generally northward into the Kara Sea
yenisei	n.	the Uralic language spoken by the Yeniseian
yeoman	n.	officer in the (ceremonial) bodyguard of the British monarch
yeoman	n.	in former times was free and cultivated his own land
yeomanry	n.	class of small freeholders who cultivated their own land
yeomanry	n.	a British volunteer cavalry force organized in 1761 for home defense later incorporated into the Territorial Army
yeomen	n.	officer in the (ceremonial) bodyguard of the British monarch
yeomen	n.	in former times was free and cultivated his own land
yerevan	n.	capital of Armenia
yerkes	n.	United States psychologist who studied the intelligence of primates (1876-1956)
yes	n.	an affirmative
yeshiva	n.	an academy for the advanced study of Jewish texts (primarily the Talmud)
yesterday	n.	the day immediately before today
yesterday	n.	the recent past
yesterday	adv.	on the day preceding today
yesterday	adv.	in the recent past; only a short time ago
yesteryear	n.	the time that has elapsed
yet	adv.	up to the present time
yet	adv.	used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up to this point or up to the present time
yet	adv.	to a greater degree or extent; used with comparisons
yet	adv.	within an indefinite time or at an unspecified future time
yet	adv.	used after a superlative
yet	adv.	despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession)
yeti	n.	a large hairy humanoid creature said to live in the Himalayas
yevtushenko	n.	Russian poet who expressed the feelings of the post-Stalinist generation (born in 1933)
yew	n.	wood of a yew; especially the durable fine-grained light brown or red wood of the English yew valued for cabinetwork and archery bows
yew	n.	any of numerous evergreen trees or shrubs having red cup-shaped berries and flattened needlelike leaves
yggdrasil	n.	(Norse mythology) a huge ash tree whose roots and branches hold the earth and Heaven and Hell together
yid	n.	(ethnic slur) offensive term for a Jew
yiddish	n.	a dialect of High German including some Hebrew and other words; spoken in Europe as a vernacular by many Jews; written in the Hebrew script
yield	n.	production of a certain amount
yield	n.	the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other property
yield	n.	an amount of a product
yield	n.	the quantity of something (as a commodity) that is created (usually within a given period of time)
yield	v.	be the cause or source of
yield	v.	end resistance, as under pressure or force
yield	v.	give or supply
yield	v.	give over; surrender or relinquish to the physical control of another
yield	v.	give in, as to influence or pressure
yield	v.	move in order to make room for someone for something
yield	v.	cause to happen or be responsible for
yield	v.	be willing to concede
yield	v.	be fatally overwhelmed
yield	v.	bring in
yield	v.	be flexible under stress of physical force
yield	v.	cease opposition; stop fighting
yield	v.	consent reluctantly
yin	n.	the dark negative feminine principle in Chinese dualistic cosmology
yip	n.	a sharp high-pitched cry (especially by a dog)
yip	v.	bark in a high-pitched tone
ymir	n.	(Norse mythology) the primeval giant slain by Odin and his brothers and from whose body they created the world: the sea from his blood; the earth from his flesh; the mountains from his bones; the sky from his skull
yob	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
yobbo	n.	a cruel and brutal fellow
yodel	n.	a songlike cry in which the voice fluctuates rapidly between the normal voice and falsetto
yodel	v.	sing by changing register; sing by yodeling
yoga	n.	Hindu discipline aimed at training the consciousness for a state of perfect spiritual insight and tranquility that is achieved through the three paths of actions and knowledge and devotion
yoga	n.	a system of exercises practiced as part of the Hindu discipline to promote control of the body and mind
yogi	n.	United States baseball player (born 1925)
yogi	n.	one who practices yoga and has achieved a high level of spiritual insight
yogic	adj.	of or relating to yoga
yogurt	n.	a custard-like food made from curdled milk
yoke	n.	fabric comprising a fitted part at the top of a garment
yoke	n.	an oppressive power
yoke	n.	two items of the same kind
yoke	n.	a pair of draft animals joined by a yoke
yoke	n.	support consisting of a wooden frame across the shoulders that enables a person to carry buckets hanging from each end
yoke	n.	a connection (like a clamp or vise) between two things so they move together
yoke	n.	stable gear that joins two draft animals at the neck so they can work together as a team
yoke	v.	become joined or linked together
yoke	v.	link with or as with a yoke
yoke	v.	put a yoke on or join with a yoke
yokel	n.	a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture
yokohama	n.	port city on southeastern Honshu in central Japan
yolk	n.	the yellow spherical part of an egg that is surrounded by the albumen
yolk	n.	nutritive material of an ovum stored for the nutrition of an embryo (especially the yellow mass of a bird or reptile egg)
yon	adj.	distant but within sight (`yon' is dialectal)
yon	adv.	at or in an indicated (usually distant) place (`yon' is archaic and dialectal); ; - Calder Willingham
yonder	adj.	distant but within sight (`yon' is dialectal)
yonder	adv.	at or in an indicated (usually distant) place (`yon' is archaic and dialectal); ; - Calder Willingham
yore	n.	time long past
york	n.	the English royal house (a branch of the Plantagenet line) that reigned from 1461 to 1485; its emblem was a white rose
yorkshire	n.	a former large county in northern England; in 1974 it was divided into three smaller counties
yorktown	n.	a historic village in southeastern Virginia to the north of Newport News; site of the last battle of the American Revolution
yorktown	n.	in 1781 the British under Cornwallis surrendered after a siege of three weeks by American and French troops; the surrender ended the American Revolution
yoruba	n.	a member of a West African people living chiefly in southwestern Nigeria
yoruba	n.	a Kwa language spoken by the Yoruba in southwestern Nigeria
yosemite	n.	a series of waterfalls in Yosemite National Park in California; is reduced to a trickle for part of each year
young	n.	any immature animal
young	n.	United States film and television actress (1913-2000)
young	n.	United States civil rights leader (1921-1971)
young	n.	British physicist and Egyptologist; he revived the wave theory of light and proposed a three-component theory of color vision; he also played an important role in deciphering the hieroglyphics on the Rosetta Stone (1773-1829)
young	n.	United States jazz tenor saxophonist (1909-1959)
young	n.	English poet (1683-1765)
young	n.	United States baseball player and famous pitcher (1867-1955)
young	n.	United States religious leader of the Mormon Church after the assassination of Joseph Smith; he led the Mormon exodus from Illinois to Salt Lake City, Utah (1801-1877)
young	n.	young people collectively
young	adj.	(used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth
young	adj.	(of crops) harvested at an early stage of development; before complete maturity
young	adj.	suggestive of youth; vigorous and fresh
young	adj.	being in its early stage
young	adj.	not tried or tested by experience
youngish	adj.	somewhat young
youngster	n.	a young person of either sex
youngstown	n.	a city in northeast Ohio
youth	n.	a young person (especially a young man or boy)
youth	n.	young people collectively
youth	n.	the time of life between childhood and maturity
youth	n.	early maturity; the state of being young or immature or inexperienced
youth	n.	an early period of development
youth	n.	the freshness and vitality characteristic of a young person
youthful	adj.	suggestive of youth; vigorous and fresh
youthfulness	n.	the freshness and vitality characteristic of a young person
youths	n.	a young person (especially a young man or boy)
youths	n.	young people collectively
youths	n.	the time of life between childhood and maturity
youths	n.	early maturity; the state of being young or immature or inexperienced
youths	n.	an early period of development
youths	n.	the freshness and vitality characteristic of a young person
yowl	n.	a very loud utterance (like the sound of an animal)
yowl	v.	cry loudly, as of animals
yowl	v.	utter shrieks, as of cats
ypres	n.	battle in World War I (1917); an Allied offensive which eventually failed because tanks bogged down in the waterlogged soil of Flanders; Germans introduced mustard gas which interfered with the Allied artillery
ypres	n.	battle in World War I (1915); Germans wanted to try chlorine (a toxic yellow gas) as a weapon and succeeded in taking considerable territory from the Allied salient
ypres	n.	battle in World War I (1914); heavy but indecisive fighting as the Allies and the Germans both tried to break through the lines of the others
yr	n.	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days
ytterbium	n.	a soft silvery metallic element; a rare earth of the lanthanide series; it occurs in gadolinite and monazite and xenotime
yttrium	n.	a silvery metallic element that is common in rare-earth minerals; used in magnesium and aluminum alloys
yuan	n.	the basic unit of money in China
yuan	n.	the imperial dynasty of China from 1279 to 1368
yucatan	n.	a state of Mexico on the northern part of the Yucatan Peninsula
yucatan	n.	a peninsula in Central America extending into the Gulf of Mexico between the Bay of Campeche and the Caribbean Sea
yucca	n.	any of several evergreen plants of the genus Yucca having usually tall stout stems and a terminal cluster of white flowers; warmer regions of North America
yucky	adj.	highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust
yugoslav	n.	a native or inhabitant of Yugoslavia
yugoslav	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the former country of Yugoslavia or its people or languages
yugoslavia	n.	a mountainous republic in southeastern Europe bordering on the Adriatic Sea; formed from two of the six republics that made up Yugoslavia until 1992; Serbia and Montenegro were known as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia until 2003 when they adopted the name of the Union of Serbia and Montenegro
yugoslavia	n.	a former country of southeastern Europe bordering the Adriatic Sea; formed in 1918 and named Yugoslavia in 1929; controlled by Marshal Tito as a communist state until his death in 1980
yugoslavian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Yugoslavia
yugoslavian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of the former country of Yugoslavia or its people or languages
yukon	n.	a North American river that flows westward from the Yukon Territory through central Alaska to the Bering Sea
yukon	n.	a territory in northwestern Canada; site of the Klondike gold rush in the 1890s
yule	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
yuletide	n.	period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6
yuma	n.	a member of the North American Indian people of Arizona and adjacent Mexico and California
yuma	n.	a town in southwestern Arizona on the Colorado River and the California border
yuma	n.	the Yuman language spoken by the Yuma
yummy	adj.	extremely pleasing to the sense of taste
yunnan	n.	a province of southern China
yuppie	n.	a young upwardly mobile professional individual; a well-paid middle-class professional who works in a city and has a luxurious life style
yurt	n.	a circular domed dwelling that is portable and self-supporting; originally used by nomadic Mongol and Turkic people of central Asia but now used as inexpensive alternative or temporary housing
z	n.	the ending of a series or sequence; --Revelation
z	n.	the 26th letter of the Roman alphabet
zagreb	n.	the capital of Croatia
zaire	n.	the basic unit of money in Zaire
zaire	n.	a republic in central Africa; achieved independence from Belgium in 1960
zambezi	n.	an African river; flows into the Indian Ocean
zambia	n.	a republic in central Africa; formerly controlled by Great Britain and called Northern Rhodesia until it gained independence within the commonwealth in 1964
zambian	n.	a native or inhabitant of Zambia
zambian	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Zambia or its people
zamboni	n.	the trademark for a machine that smooths the ice in an ice-skating rink
zanuck	n.	United States filmmaker whose works include the first full-length feature film with sound sequences (1902-1979)
zany	n.	a buffoon in one of the old comedies; imitates others for ludicrous effect
zany	n.	a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
zany	adj.	ludicrous, foolish
zany	adj.	like a clown
zanzibar	n.	an island in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa; part of the United Republic of Tanzania
zap	n.	a sudden event that imparts energy or excitement, usually with a dramatic impact
zap	v.	strike suddenly and with force
zap	v.	kill with or as if with a burst of gunfire or electric current or as if by shooting
zap	v.	strike at with firepower or bombs
zap	v.	cook or heat in a microwave oven
zapata	n.	Mexican revolutionary who led a revolt for agrarian reforms (1879-1919)
zapotec	n.	a member of a large tribe of Mesoamericans living in southern Mexico whose civilization flourished around 300 to 900
zapotec	n.	the language of the Zapotec
zapotec	adj.	of or relating to the language or culture of the Zapotec people
zapped	v.	strike suddenly and with force
zapped	v.	kill with or as if with a burst of gunfire or electric current or as if by shooting
zapped	v.	strike at with firepower or bombs
zapped	v.	cook or heat in a microwave oven
zapper	n.	an electrical device that can injure or kill by means of electric currents
zapping	v.	strike suddenly and with force
zapping	v.	kill with or as if with a burst of gunfire or electric current or as if by shooting
zapping	v.	strike at with firepower or bombs
zapping	v.	cook or heat in a microwave oven
zarathustra	n.	Persian prophet who founded Zoroastrianism (circa 628-551 BC)
zeal	n.	a feeling of strong eagerness (usually in favor of a person or cause)
zeal	n.	excessive fervor to do something or accomplish some end
zeal	n.	prompt willingness
zealand	n.	the largest island of Denmark and the site of Copenhagen
zealot	n.	a member of an ancient Jewish sect in Judea in the first century who fought to the death against the Romans and who killed or persecuted Jews who collaborated with the Romans
zealot	n.	a fervent and even militant proponent of something
zealotry	n.	excessive intolerance of opposing views
zealous	adj.	marked by active interest and enthusiasm
zebra	n.	any of several fleet black-and-white striped African equines
zebu	n.	domesticated ox having a humped back and long horns and a large dewlap; used chiefly as a draft animal in India and east Asia
zechariah	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet of the late 6th century BC
zechariah	n.	an Old Testament book telling the prophecies of Zechariah which are concerned mainly with the renewal of Israel after the Babylonian Captivity
zed	n.	the 26th letter of the Roman alphabet
zeitgeist	n.	the spirit of the time; the spirit characteristic of an age or generation
zen	n.	school of Mahayana Buddhism asserting that enlightenment can come through meditation and intuition rather than faith; China and Japan
zen	n.	a Buddhist doctrine that enlightenment can be attained through direct intuitive insight
zen	n.	street name for lysergic acid diethylamide
zenith	n.	the point above the observer that is directly opposite the nadir on the imaginary sphere against which celestial bodies appear to be projected
zeniths	n.	the point above the observer that is directly opposite the nadir on the imaginary sphere against which celestial bodies appear to be projected
zeno	n.	ancient Greek philosopher who formulated paradoxes that defended the belief that motion and change are illusory (circa 495-430 BC)
zeno	n.	ancient Greek philosopher who founded the Stoic school (circa 335-263 BC)
zeolite	n.	any of a family of glassy minerals analogous to feldspar containing hydrated aluminum silicates of calcium or sodium or potassium; formed in cavities in lava flows and in plutonic rocks
zephaniah	n.	a Hebrew minor prophet of the late 7th century BC
zephaniah	n.	an Old Testament book telling the prophecies of Zephaniah which are concerned mainly with the approaching judgment by God upon the sinners of Judah
zephyr	n.	a slight wind (usually refreshing)
zephyr	n.	(Greek mythology) the Greek god of the west wind
zeppelin	n.	German inventor who designed and built the first rigid motorized dirigible (1838-1917)
zeppelin	n.	a large rigid dirigible designed to carry passengers or bombs
zero	n.	a quantity of no importance
zero	n.	a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same number
zero	n.	the point on a scale from which positive or negative numerical quantities can be measured
zero	n.	the sight setting that will cause a projectile to hit the center of the target with no wind blowing
zero	v.	adjust (an instrument or device) to zero value
zero	v.	adjust (as by firing under test conditions) the zero of (a gun)
zero	adj.	indicating the absence of any or all units under consideration
zero	adj.	having no measurable or otherwise determinable value
zero	adj.	indicating an initial point or origin
zero	adj.	of or relating to the null set (a set with no members)
zeroes	n.	a quantity of no importance
zeroes	n.	a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same number
zeroes	n.	the point on a scale from which positive or negative numerical quantities can be measured
zeroes	n.	the sight setting that will cause a projectile to hit the center of the target with no wind blowing
zeroes	v.	adjust (an instrument or device) to zero value
zeroes	v.	adjust (as by firing under test conditions) the zero of (a gun)
zest	n.	vigorous and enthusiastic enjoyment
zest	n.	a tart spicy quality
zest	v.	add herbs or spices to
zestful	adj.	marked by spirited enjoyment
zestfulness	n.	vigorous and enthusiastic enjoyment
zesty	adj.	having an agreeably pungent taste
zesty	adj.	marked by spirited enjoyment
zeta	n.	the 6th letter of the Greek alphabet
zeus	n.	(Greek mythology) the supreme god of ancient Greek mythology; son of Rhea and Cronus whom he dethroned; husband and brother of Hera; brother of Poseidon and Hades; father of many gods; counterpart of Roman Jupiter
zeus	n.	type genus of the family Zeidae
zhukov	n.	Soviet general who during World Warr II directed the counteroffensive at Stalingrad and relieved Leningrad and captured Berlin (1896-1974)
ziegfeld	n.	United States theatrical producer noted for a series of extravagant revues known as the Ziegfeld Follies (1869-1932)
ziegler	n.	German chemist honored for his research on polymers (1898-1973)
zigzag	n.	an angular shape characterized by sharp turns in alternating directions
zigzag	v.	travel along a zigzag path
zigzag	adj.	having short sharp turns or angles
zigzag	adv.	in a zigzag course or on a zigzag path
zigzagged	v.	travel along a zigzag path
zigzagging	v.	travel along a zigzag path
zilch	n.	a quantity of no importance
zillion	n.	a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)
zillion	adj.	very large indeterminate number
zimbabwe	n.	a landlocked republic in south central Africa formerly called Rhodesia; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1980
zimbabwean	n.	a native or inhabitant of Zimbabwe
zimbabwean	adj.	of or relating to or characteristic of Zimbabwe or its people
zinc	n.	a bluish-white lustrous metallic element; brittle at ordinary temperatures but malleable when heated; used in a wide variety of alloys and in galvanizing iron; it occurs naturally as zinc sulphide in zinc blende
zinc	v.	coat or cover with zinc
zinfandel	n.	small black grape grown chiefly in California; transplanted from Europe
zinfandel	n.	dry fruity red wine from California
zing	n.	a brief high-pitched buzzing or humming sound
zing	n.	the activeness of an energetic personality
zinger	n.	a striking or amusing or caustic remark
zinnia	n.	any of various plants of the genus Zinnia cultivated for their variously and brightly colored flower heads
zion	n.	originally a stronghold captured by David (the 2nd king of the Israelites); above it was built a temple and later the name extended to the whole hill; finally it became a synonym for the city of Jerusalem
zion	n.	Jewish republic in southwestern Asia at eastern end of Mediterranean; formerly part of Palestine
zion	n.	an imaginary place considered to be perfect or ideal
zionism	n.	a policy for establishing and developing a national homeland for Jews in Palestine
zionism	n.	a movement of world Jewry that arose late in the 19th century with the aim of creating a Jewish state in Palestine
zionist	n.	a Jewish supporter of Zionism
zionist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of Zionism
zionist	adj.	relating to or characteristic of a supporter of Zionism
zip	n.	a quantity of no importance
zip	n.	a code of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sorting of mail
zip	n.	forceful exertion
zip	n.	a fastener for locking together two toothed edges by means of a sliding tab
zip	v.	close with a zipper
zip	v.	move very fast
zipped	v.	close with a zipper
zipped	v.	move very fast
zipper	n.	a fastener for locking together two toothed edges by means of a sliding tab
zipper	v.	close with a zipper
zipping	v.	close with a zipper
zipping	v.	move very fast
zippy	adj.	quick and energetic
zippy	adj.	marked by lively action
zircon	n.	a common mineral occurring in small crystals; chief source of zirconium; used as a refractory when opaque and as a gem when transparent
zirconium	n.	a lustrous grey strong metallic element resembling titanium; it is used in nuclear reactors as a neutron absorber; it occurs in baddeleyite but is obtained chiefly from zircon
zit	n.	a small inflamed elevation of the skin; a pustule or papule; common symptom in acne
zither	n.	a musical stringed instrument with strings stretched over a flat sounding board; it is laid flat and played with a plectrum and with fingers
zloty	n.	the basic unit of money in Poland
zlotys	n.	the basic unit of money in Poland
zn	n.	a bluish-white lustrous metallic element; brittle at ordinary temperatures but malleable when heated; used in a wide variety of alloys and in galvanizing iron; it occurs naturally as zinc sulphide in zinc blende
zodiac	n.	a belt-shaped region in the heavens on either side to the ecliptic; divided into 12 constellations or signs for astrological purposes
zodiac	n.	(astrology) a circular diagram representing the 12 zodiacal constellations and showing their signs
zodiacal	adj.	relating to or included in the zodiac
zola	n.	French novelist and critic; defender of Dreyfus (1840-1902)
zoloft	n.	a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade name Zoloft)
zomba	n.	a city in southern Malawi; was the capital until 1971
zombie	n.	a dead body that has been brought back to life by a supernatural force
zombie	n.	(voodooism) a spirit or supernatural force that reanimates a dead body
zombie	n.	a god of voodoo cults of African origin worshipped especially in West Indies
zombie	n.	someone who acts or responds in a mechanical or apathetic way
zombie	n.	several kinds of rum with fruit juice and usually apricot liqueur
zonal	adj.	relating to or of the nature of a zone
zonal	adj.	associated with or divided into zones
zone	n.	a locally circumscribed place characterized by some distinctive features
zone	n.	any of the regions of the surface of the Earth loosely divided according to latitude or longitude
zone	n.	an area or region distinguished from adjacent parts by a distinctive feature or characteristic
zone	n.	(anatomy) any encircling or beltlike structure
zone	v.	regulate housing in; of certain areas of towns
zone	v.	separate or apportion into sections
zoning	n.	dividing an area into zones or sections reserved for different purposes such as residence and business and manufacturing etc
zoning	v.	regulate housing in; of certain areas of towns
zoning	v.	separate or apportion into sections
zoo	n.	the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition
zoological	adj.	concerning the study of animals and their classification and properties
zoological	adj.	of or relating to animals or animal groups
zoologist	n.	a specialist in the branch of biology dealing with animals
zoology	n.	all the animal life in a particular region or period
zoology	n.	the branch of biology that studies animals
zoom	n.	a rapid rise
zoom	n.	the act of rising upward into the air
zoom	v.	move along very quickly
zoom	v.	move with a low humming noise
zoom	v.	rise rapidly
zoophyte	n.	any of various invertebrate animals resembling a plant such as a sea anemone or coral or sponge
zooplankton	n.	animal constituent of plankton; mainly small crustaceans and fish larvae
zoroaster	n.	Persian prophet who founded Zoroastrianism (circa 628-551 BC)
zoroastrian	n.	follower of Zoroaster and Zoroastrianism
zoroastrian	adj.	of or pertaining to Zoroaster or the religion he founded
zoroastrianism	n.	system of religion founded in Persia in the 6th century BC by Zoroaster; set forth in the Zend-Avesta; based on concept of struggle between light (good) and dark (evil)
zoster	n.	eruptions along a nerve path often accompanied by severe neuralgia
zr	n.	a lustrous grey strong metallic element resembling titanium; it is used in nuclear reactors as a neutron absorber; it occurs in baddeleyite but is obtained chiefly from zircon
zsigmondy	n.	German chemist (born in Austria) honored for his research on colloidal solutions (1865-1929)
zucchini	n.	marrow squash plant whose fruit are eaten when small
zucchini	n.	small cucumber-shaped vegetable marrow; typically dark green
zulu	n.	a member of the tall Negroid people of eastern South Africa; some live in KwaZulu-Natal under the traditional clan system but many now work in the cities
zulu	n.	a community of Negroid people in eastern South Africa
zulu	n.	a Bantu language of considerable literary importance in southeastern Africa
zuni	n.	a member of the Pueblo people living in western New Mexico
zurich	n.	the largest city in Switzerland; located in the northern part of the country
zwieback	n.	slice of sweet raised bread baked again until it is brown and hard and crisp
zwingli	n.	Swiss theologian whose sermons began the Reformation in Switzerland (1484-1531)
zworykin	n.	United States physicist who invented the iconoscope (1889-1982)
zydeco	n.	music of southern Louisiana that combines French dance melodies with Caribbean music and blues
zygote	n.	(genetics) the diploid cell resulting from the union of a haploid spermatozoon and ovum (including the organism that develops from that cell)
zygotic	adj.	of or relating to a zygote
zymurgy	n.	the branch of chemistry concerned with fermentation (as in making wine or brewing or distilling)
